Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjowTNQlwqSbmJO5b6Q2_g2QRomqgLQb_M3rCcy1DZ5uaFxUNj0s1B88aL_QNHQ0_mZXcNQA7OHB6YoEpADw:0)

Episode 1: There is Strength in Sweetness

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; and Zac Oyama as Chancellor Lapin Cadbury

Episode 1: There is Strength in Sweetness

[[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQhNtM5qNvfjlpumT4iYAC47RkRwiT8rsx_bI73eBGFiYgDfnw1_tuqxuJ-
PiRnHaHHq5HtmTXcQE4q/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647609008516&usg=AOvVaw3Au5nK1OkOvhRmivPv1GSw)]
>

Brennan: [voiceover, camera pans over the map and the Calorum set on the
table] Behold, Calorum. Many years past, the Ravening War raged across the six
kingdoms. The war ended 20 years ago with the creation of the Concord, an
empire that would see power passed amongst the six kingdoms. Ever since has
peace reigned, tended to by the great powers of the realm, the Bulbian Church
and the Concordant Emperor. But our story does not begin in the holy city of
Brightgarden. Nor does it begin in the great pyramid of Food, in Comida. Our
story begins in a land of sugar, and of sorrow, of sweetness, and of strength.
Our story begins with A Crown of Candy.

[triumphant music]

[metal grinding and explosion booming as the season logo appears]

Brennan: Hello one and all, and welcome to season five of Dimension 20, A
Crown of Candy! I am your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me
as always our intrepid heroes, say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Hell yeah.

[Players laughing]

Brennan: [to the players, gesturing to the table] We'll play this.

[to the camera] Say hello again to Ally Beardsley.

Ally: Hello.

Brennan: Brian Murphy!

Murph: Hi.

Brennan: Emily Axford!

Emily: Hey.

Brennan: Siobhan Thompson!

Siobhan: S'up.

Brennan: Lou Wilson!

Lou: Ciao.

Brennan: And Zac Oyama!

Zac: Ciao.

[Players laughing]

Lou: We're the Ciao Boys, in secret.

Brennan: Let me tell you guys, “Chow” is right!

Lou: Oh! [does finger-guns at Brennan]

Brennan: Oh!

Siobhan: We did it.

Brennan: It is time to get hungry for some very sweet and tasty treats.
[dramatic voice] Without further ado, I bring you all now to the world of
Calorum. Imagine if you will an ancient tome opening, in a long forgotten
dusty library, the pages sweeping to the side. Ancient illuminated script in
High Gothic font tells us of a story that begins on the 20th day of
Highbright, in the Year of Our Bulb 1215.

Within the Concordant Empire of the Realm of Calorum, there was once a kingdom
known as Candia. Wind sweeps over vast plains and rolling hills of chocolate
chip cookie fields. Here, in a vast realm of sweet things and peppermint
forests. High in the distance, the northern peaks of the Great Stone Candy
Mountains has swirling snowstorms of ice cream winds peal over the horizon. We
see tall trees of ancient lolly orchards, and our sugar cube farmers toiling
the fields, serfs. Spiring towers of sweet frosting and hard rock candy, the
fortresses and battlements of ancient empires.

We descend to Castle Candy, on this beautiful day, the hot days of Highbright,
the middle month of summer, now unfold. Banners unfurl, and the symbol of the
House of Rocks, on a field, a single swirled candy, over the castle. The
banners are raised high, and swirling fruit and sugar and chocolate trumpets
[imitates trumpet music] blare as the sun rises over the castle of the kingdom
of Candia.

Crisp armor and a neatly pressed cape, the battle pop at his side, we see the
Lord Commander of the Tartguard stride through the halls of Castle Candy. A
new day has begun. And a very important day indeed, for it's the Saint's Day
of the princesses. We see, first awake and most vigilant, commander of the
Tartguard and sworn member of the Knights of North-Gumbia. Murph, could you
describe your character for us?

Murph: Yes, I am Sir Theobald Gumbar, Lord Commander of the Tartguard, sworn
knight of the Order of North-Gumbia. I protect the king, King Amethar, and
also, really everyone in the castle. Sort of a 24-hour a day job, and I love
it. It's not just a job for me, it's a way of life. No days off, sort of,
everyday, [laughing] just, kind of a thing. Do not trust the chancellor, but,
everyone else, I generally get along with. I am a level three Eldritch Knight.

Brennan: Strolling down to the center chamber of the grand staircase here in
the main hall of the primary keep of Castle Candy, you see that another Knight
of North-Gumbia is, to your cherry, sort of, gummy bear form-- Oh yeah, tell
us sort of what you look like, too!

Murph: Ah yes, so, I'm a heavily armored gummy bear man... [he looks directly
into the camera. The others laugh] with a battle pop, that I guess looks like
a little push pop thing that I can, s'up, pull out.

Brennan: Your little lollipop shield. And you also have the cape, befitting
your station as Lord Commander. An un-caped but equally armored gummy bear
knight, who's sort of, one of those like, pineapple-y, yellow-y clear gummy
bears-- but has a bright blue armor-- walks up. And you recognize this as Sir
Toby. He comes up to your flank and goes right in stride with you and says,

Toby: [deep, noble voice] My lord commander, how fare you this morning?

Theobald: [broadly] Well, it's a wonderful Saint's Day. I'm really looking
forward to teaching Ruby and Jet some more responsibility. They're grown women
now, so.

Toby: The 18th Saint's Day of the twin princesses. Well, hopefully they shall
be ready for a day of merriment, but also a day of challenging lessons.

Theobald: Yes, of lessons. You and I.

Toby: I love lessons.

Theobald: Lessons are great. And you know what? I have a feeling, despite
every other day that we've spent trying to teach these young women, I think
today is going to be different.

Toby: I will, I should imagine so. They are, of this day, women grown.

Theobald: Exactly.

Toby: Quick report sir, we've had some rumors of brigands in the West Cake.
But it seems that sirs, my sarge will ride out with the other Knights of
North-Gumbia today. The Tartguard is ready and able. They've taken to the
battlements. Everything seems fine. The town, the township of Dulcington, all
is well. We've had some rumors of, you know, the townsfolk are saying of an
ogre, but, probably, it's, you know, just a, some troublemakers. Maybe a rogue
knight of some kind. The queen's champion, Sir Amanda Maillard, has been
dispatched to handle that at once.

Theobald: All right, send some of our guys to, just you know, just to kind of,
equal things out. It's fine if she gets, kind of, the win, but, if she didn't,
that would also be fine.

Toby: Ah, well, you know, obviously a true knight of the Sworn Order of North-
Gumbia wants not for glory.

Theobald: Of course not!

Toby: Merely to—

Theobald: And we don't!

Toby: And we don't! [pauses] Would be, would be great to get a win.

Theobald: Would, would be wonderful.

Toby: Would be great to get a win.

Theobald: Yeah.

Toby: Yes, for sure.

Theobald: And we've been sort of partnering with the Tartguard for a while
now—

Brennan: You look over and see some of the Tartguard, who, unlike these sort
of, heavily armored Gumbar Knights, are just huge circle headed tart men. They
have these big wobbly heads. Little pantaloons and like fencing rapiers.
They're not heavily armored. You see that two of them are going like,

Tartguard: [shrill, campy] Quincy, stop it. When you use your fencing saber on
me like that, it tickles so terribly.

Brennan: You see how the other guy takes his sword and kind of, like tickles
the guy on his tummy. [xylophone trill]

Theobald: All right, swords-- swords at your sides while you're inside here,
unless you're gonna do it in a cool way. That's just weird, what you’re doing.

Tartguard: No, it feels good!

Theobald: No, I don't like it. You're scratching each other, it’s...

Tartguard: No, no! We had our swords blunted so we could tickle each other.

Theobald: [sputtering] What? Don't tickle each other, that-- banned! Get a new
sword.

Tartguard: What?

Theobald: You need a real sword!

Tartguard: [shocked] I'm banned? I am banished from the kingdom!

Theobald: [sarcastic] Yes, you're banned from the kingdom.

Tartguard: [distraught] I have failed!

Theobald: Just, that sword is banned. Get a new sword that is sharpened--

Brennan: You see that he looks at the sword like it's poison in his hand, and
hurls it through a stained glass window.

Theobald: Don’t, no!

Tartguard: Begone with thee, vile sword! [quieter] I'm so sorry. So you wish
for me to have a pointed sword, so that when I tickle my friend it hurts him?

Theobald: I take it back, go outside, and get that sword.

Tartguard: [calling] Can you toss me my sword back?

Brennan: The sword comes through an unbroken window next to the broken one.
Second one breaks, swords scatter.

Theobald: Yes, we really need a win. I mean, just absolutely need a win.

Brennan: You look out and you see that the herald of the king, the herald
Poncival Pishpuff comes out and says,

Pishpuff: [airy, nasal English accent] My lord, pleasure to see you. I trust
that you are ready to escort the princesses to their various ceremonies. I
understand they are being taken to the er, the chapel to receive their
communion with the Great Bulb.

Theobald: Of course.

Pishpuff: Very well.

Brennan: [imitates fanfare] Rows of trumpets goes up on either side. Your
knights fall in behind you. The Tartguard kind of bumble around and get into
position behind you and your knights. And you see the herald says,

Pishpuff: [grandly] Presenting, their ladyships, first of their name, the
princesses Jet and Ruby Rocks of the House of Rocks, duchesses of Pie-hole and
Gumberly, ladies of the realm!

Brennan: Crickets. Nobody descends the staircase.

Pishpuff: [aside to Theo] Ahem. Maybe a little bit louder this time?

Theobald: Yes.

Pishpuff: A little bit louder. [imitates fanfare] [enunciating, shouting]
Pre-- sen-- ting! Their Ladyships and Royal Highnesses, the princesses Jet and
Ruby Rocks of the House of Rocks, duchesses of Gumberly and Pie-hole, ladies
of the realm! [quietly] My lord, the princesses are not coming down the
stairs.

Theobald: They're just getting ready. [shouting, expectant] They're very
excited; otherwise they would definitely be down here! Certainly, I will bend
the knee [pause] in preparation for them being here. I'm going to do it
loudly! [pause] And you're gonna hear it. And when you hear it, the princesses
are to come down.

Brennan: You bend the knee. [slamming sound] All the knights bend the knee.
You hear behind you, the Tartguards saying,

Tartguard: Quincy, do you suppose that we're supposed to bend the knee as well
when they bend the knee?

Theobald: [hissing] Bend the knee.

Brennan: [alarmed noise] They all bend the knee. You see that the herald looks
and says,

Pishpuff: My lord commander, perhaps their morning lesson with the Chancellor
has simply gone long. You do know that he tends to ramble when left to his own
devices.

Theobald: [under his breath] Lapin. [speaking normally] Perhaps we should
interrupt it.

Pishpuff: Perhaps-- perhaps we should.

Brennan: Cool, do you ask anyone to come with you, from the presentational
hall, with you to go, to go search?

Murph: I think, just Toby.

Brennan: Cool. Toby falls in line behind you, you guys head off. Cool, you
guys head off. In the tallest tower, at the peak of Castle Candy, with the
morning sun illuminating through sugar glass windows, we see piles of tomes,
ancient blackboards with sugary chalk made from those old, like, what are,
what are those candies with like the, the really chalky—

Ally: Oh, necco wafers.

Brennan: Necco wafers! Little like, necco wafer, yeah, like, wafery chalk
things. We hear the droning voice of the Chancellor, Lapin Cadbury, primogen
of the Bulbian Church and chaplain of Castle Candy. Zac, could you please
describe your character for us?

Zac: [snooty, droning voice] Yes, I'm Chancellor Lapin Cadbury, as you said.
The Chaplain of the Castle Candy and then, Primogen of the Bulbian Church, and
I'm here to teach these princesses on all things. I'm the royal tutor, so I'm
teaching the young princesses about the kingdom of Calorum. I look-- I'm a
level three warlock with a Celestial Patron. And I look like a chocolate
bunny, with just like, the foil coming off of it. Like the kinda Easter
colored foil as a cape, and like, my robes are made of that. And I'm a little
stuffy, but I know that knowing these things will help the children, and also
will grant them a certain power.

Brennan: Absolutely! This is an important day for lessons. This is the 18th
Saint's Day of the twin princesses. It's a big deal. They are, have come of
age today. What sort of lesson do you think Lapin is teaching, do you think,
on their Saint's Day? Is it religious in nature? Is it history?

Zac: On their Saint's Day, it seems like something about their-- specifically
about their family, and the royal lineage in which they come from.

Brennan: Cool, so you maybe you might be talking about, like, their aunts, or
like the king, Jadain, or like, you know, the Ravening War twenty years ago.
So, Lapin is droning on about the history of the war and, you know, battles--

Lapin: In the year 1102, we were at war with the, the bread people...

Brennan: [laughs] Give me a-- give me a Perception check.

Zac: 12 plus, oh, Perception, 15.

Brennan: 15. You are droning on. You hear the door click open behind you, and
kinda see out of the corner of your eye, Theo and Toby walk into the room.

Theobald: Chancellor, do they not have a spell that tells you what time it is?

Lapin: Do you want me to rush the education of these princesses? Do you want
them to be stupid as they go about the world--

Theobald: [crosstalk] How dare you? Give me one reason! Give me one reason!
[points threateningly]

Lapin: One reason? One reason to what?

Theobald: To nothing.

Lapin: [raising his hands defensively] Lay your hands on me?

Theobald: Nothing, it's not a threat.

Lapin: Oh my goodness.

Theobald: If I didn't say it. Princesses!

Lapin: What a large goon you are.

[cast laughs]

Brennan: As you begin to argue, both of you guys give me a Perception check
with disadvantage.

Murph: Oh no.

Zac: Oh.

Murph: Fuck, fuck. I got a 2 and a 4.

Zac: I have 10.

Brennan: 10. Okay, so you guys start really going at it, and you see Toby--

Lapin: You know what I don't like about you?

Theobald: [stuttering] Oh, I have, I don't, I couldn't possibly list all the
things I don't like about you.

Lapin: Oh try. I knew you couldn't.

Theobald: You could have like three things, and it would take forever. You,
just droning on, forever.

Lapin: Ah yes, yes.

Toby: My lord, my Lord Commander, Chancellor. If you were to direct your
attention to the “princesses”.

Brennan: You guys see two stuffed scarecrows in the back of the classroom.

Lapin: Yes, the princesses. What?

Theobald: Are you, they've just been like this for how long?

Lapin: Well, they would, I assumed they were wrapped in my lecture.

[Brennan laughs]

Lapin: Obviously—

Theobald: They're made of straw, Chancellor!

Lapin: [sighs] Well, who knows how long they were like that?

[Everyone laughs]

Murph: I just, I look out the window.

Brennan: Go ahead, look out the window, give me another, give me a Perception
check. I'm gonna say at disadvantage too.

Murph: Shit. Oh no, oh my god. 7.

Brennan: This is the first time we're gonna start an introduction with a roll.
Emily and Siobhan, can you each give me a Stealth check with advantage?

Emily: [whispering] It's gonna be, oh. [aloud, chipper] 24!

Siobhan: A 16.

[cheerful acoustic guitar music]

Brennan: As you look out, we peel out from this tower with the Chancellor and
two knights looking out of this tall candy tower, over the rolling hills and
the estate. Out in front of Castle Candy, there's a huge chasm of a moat that
goes deep down into a cola river far below. And then the bridge goes into a
secondary keep outside, and outside of that keep are beautiful rolling hills
and estates. A little chapel of the Bulbian Church underneath the tree. And
down below the castle, is the bustling, sweet town of Dulcington and a small
bridge.

And we fly down watching as you, you point away from you guys as you just
stare out looking forlornly for the absent princesses. There's two scarecrows
stuffed with, with sugar grass straw. And sprinting over the bridge in peasant
garb, we see the princesses, Jet and Ruby of the House of Rocks! Kindly
describe your characters if you'll be so kind.

Emily: Okay, I am Princess Jet Rocks, reluctant future heir to the throne.
And—

Brennan: By two minutes.

Emily: God willing, future abdicator of the throne. I'm wearing, like, sort
of, all black peasant’s garb. I basically believe that my destiny was to be a
great warrior, and I'm cursed to have been born in a time of peace. So I've
got some, like, white chocolate war paint on my cheeks. I've like, whittled
down a candy cane to use as a weapon. And I'm charging to Dulcington.

Siobhan: I'm Ruby Rocks. I'm a circus apprentice. That's like, my big thing
right now. Like, the royal stuff is like, really secondary to me. It's just
like, I was born into it. It's not really very interesting to me, but circus
is my passion. And this one is gonna stick. Yes, I've had other crazes before,
but this is the real thing. I'm occasionally doing back flips as we're running
away, just to keep it--

Emily: Oh, yes, that's a good point. I have one of those book straps full of
like, cool like, illegal tomes about all the other places in Calorum, and I'm
sorta using it like a, like a ball and chain to just like, hit any royal crest
that I see. And just, a little bit of property destruction, on my way.

Brennan: So you're just openly destroying property.

Emily: Just casually.

Brennan: Just casually. As you do so, you see that a couple, there's like, a
sort of peasant farmer with like, a yoke full of cola and two buckets walking
along. You see he's got like, a jawbreaker horse coming with him. You see
he's—

Emily: Oh, I take off, I probably have some kind of like, really fancy like,
gem or something, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: I take it off and I flick it to the peasant, into his cola bucket.

Brennan: It goes plonk and he says,

Peasant: [stereotypically lower-class British] Oh dear, looks like the
princesses have escaped again.

Brennan: He continues, he says,

Peasant: We'll put it in the gem pile when we get back to the farm!

Brennan: You see that the peasant walks along, you guys sprint into the town.
As you get over to, one of this like, beautiful public house that is called
the Mint Drake. You see that, waiting under an eave, it's one of those like,
you know, the architecture of Candia is so, it's almost like old like,
Bavarian. There's like this big tall alpine-looking cottages. The inn has
like, a second floor that's like, wider than the first floor, like some, you
know. And hanging under the swinging sign, you see that there is this little,
she's wearing like, trousers and like, seven-league boots, and like a little
courier thing, that marks her as like, not nobility, but neither is she a
peasant. She's got like, deep warm brown, speckled with bright red freckles,
like, skin with like, long pigtails of red. She's like a little gingersnap
girl. She's maybe like, a year younger than you, and she has a bag marked with
the imperial crest on it, as an imperial courier. See, she says,

Courier: [gasps, waving] Your ma, your Highnesses, your hi-- [covers mouth] I
mean, your nor--, your Normalnesses. [whispering] I've got it right here.

Brennan: And you see, she reaches into her bag and pulls out a letter for you
and a like, notice for you, and hands them to you.

Courier: I got them here as fast as I could. Did you get my missive in the
castle?

Ruby: [looks at Jet for confirmation] Yeah, no—

Jet: I think Ruby did.

Courier: All right, well, that's the only thing I could find on the Traveling
Swirler Sisters.

Brennan: And you see that it is a notice of like, a circus coming to town, in
the, in the very near future. [to Emily] You have a letter that smells of
sweet fruit, marked—

Jet: [smells the letter deeply] [wistfully] Ah, Thad.

Brennan: You see that indeed. You open the letter, and it is marked to,

Thad: Her beautiful and radiant highness, the Princess Jet of the House of
Rocks. Though it has been more than 10 years since we met, even as just
children, news of your beauty brought to me by our couriers, has reached my
eyes. I long to see you once again, Princess Jet. Here, in the kingdom of
Fructera, life is but a pale shadow of what it could be, if your sweet
radiance could but grace my life.

Emily: [breathes out] Even though I am a piece of black licorice, a strong
blush comes to my cheeks.

Jet: [fans herself] Now that's a Saint's Day! [breathing heavily]

Brennan: [laughing] You see that the letter continues to say,

Thad: I have prayed and prayed to the great Bulb above, each day and night,
that fortune might see our paths cross again. And it seems that the Bulb may
have heard my prayers. I dare not write these words here, but I know that
soon, there may yet be a travel from Castle Candy to the great city of Comida
at the borders or Fructera. This may mark yet our only chance to be together
once more.

Jet: Ruby, are you down for a road trip?

Ruby: Yeah, duh.

Jet: Okay.

Ruby: Wait, let me read this letter. Oh my god!

Jet: It's from that super hot avocado.

[Players laughing]

Ruby: Yeah, the eight year old?

Jet: Yeah, but we were eight too, so it wasn't weird—

Ruby: Right-- it wasn’t weird at the time.

Jet: Yeah.

Ruby: Yeah, sure.

Jet: He wants to meet up.

Ruby: Great, yeah, no let's do it.

Jet: All we have to do is, just infiltrate a travel that's going to Comida.

Ruby: Easy.

Jet: And then find a nice little haystack where me and Thad can, I don't know,
like, maybe he can show me his pit, you know.

Ruby: Gross, yeah, no, let's do it.

Brennan: Cirinda, Cirinda looks and says,

Cirinda: My ladies, is it really, should I deliver anything in return, or was
there any message you would bid me give him?

Jet takes off her underwear and holds it out the courier.

Cirinda: Oh that, I don't. How did it come off without you taking your pants
off?

Ruby: They, they're rip-off edible underwear.

Jet: I mean, everything's edible.

Ruby: Everything's edible.

Jet: It's not unusual.

Ruby: It’s Fruit Rollup.

Ally: Yeah. Now that's a mindset.

Brennan: She takes, she takes it and stows it away and says,

Cirinda: Should I tell him like, from you, like, how are you doing?

Jet: [wiggling her eyebrows] Oh he'll know.

Cirinda: [disgruntled noise] Well, as always, it's lovely to bring you word of
the outside world. And a happy, happy Saint's Day to you both!

Jet: Thank you.

Ruby: Thank you.

Cirinda: I would never peek, but, you, you just said that you're going to
Comida? Do you know a-- what sort of convoy or caravan that would be
dispatched from Castle Candy to Comida?

Ruby: I don't know.

Jet: I don't know. What do you think?

Ruby: Yeah, I've--

Jet: You know what? I'm just going to be really, really sweet to Theobald
today—

Ruby: Oh my god, I love being sweet to Theobald.

Jet: And then maybe I can milk some intel out of him.

Ruby: He's so easy to milk when you're sweet to him.

Jet: He's such a—

Brennan: Both of you guys—

Ruby: Thirsty man.

Jet: So thirsty. Thirsty, but like, for friendship.

Ruby: Or like, he wants to notice that you respect him.

Jet: Yeah, yeah.

Ruby: Which is the sign—

Jet: Thirsty for respect.

Ruby: Of respect.

Jet: That's what it is.

Brennan: Theobald and Lapin can give me Investigation checks with advantage.

Murph: God dammit. It's another one, 10.

Zac: 9.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll for Toby. Okay, that's a 15, Jesus.

Lapin: I think they're gone.

Theobald: You've finally done it this time, chancellor.

Lapin: I dunno.

Theobald: You lost them.

Brennan: As you guys rush down into Dulcington, you see that, as you’re like,
looking around, you see Toby goes,

Toby: My lord commander, perhaps we should simply follow the smashed royal
seals?

Brennan: You notice this huge—

Theobald: Not the, yes. Clearly, someone else, not the princesses, cause they
would never do that. [loudly] They would never do that! But, yes, let's follow
the path of destruction.

Brennan: You guys round the corner, and you guys are immediately on top of
Cirinda and the two princesses, next to the, next to the Mint Drake.

Lapin: There they are.

Theobald: Okay, happy Saint's Day. You're in trouble, you're both grounded,
get in the tower.

Jet: Ah yes, Theobald, whatever you require of me.

Ruby: Yes, oh, we would love to be grounded by you, Sir Theobald.

Ruby and Jet exchange laughing thumbs-ups, nodding.

Murph: Can I do an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead, do an Insight check.

Murph: Oh my god.

Lou: Ooh, ground me Theobald!

Emily: Ground me!

Murph: 18.

Brennan: 18. Yeah, they're, hiding something for the—

Theobald: What did you, what are you hiding?

Jet: You know, Theobald, now that I am a grown woman—

Ruby: Yes.

Jet: As has been said multiple times to me today, I believe that, I've, I'm
ready put our petty differences aside. I know, in the past, I have asked you
to teach me how to fight. You've repeatedly denied me, because, I'm probably
some sort of innate fear that I'll will take your position, but I'm ready to
put it all—

Ruby: She's really good, I've seen her.

Jet:-- behind. And she's an amazing circus performer.

Ruby: Thank you.

Jet: She, it, it looks like she belongs in the sky.

Ruby: I do belong in the sky.

Jet: You do belong in the sky

Theobald: You belong in the castle. We all belong in the castle. Let's go to
the castle.

Jet: [defiantly] I belong in the battlefield. She belongs in the sky.

Ruby: Yeah. I don't understand why it's so hard for you. Wow, we did a really
bad job of buttering him up.

Jet: Oh, right, yeah, I forgot about that.

Murph: Yes.

Emily: I hug him.

Siobhan: We said that in twin-speak.

Emily: Yeah, that's true.

Theobald: I don't know what kind of trick you're trying to play, but allow me
to play along so that we may all go back to the castle. Yes, we're all in
agreement?

Ruby: Yes, we're all in agreement.

Theobald: Well good, we have great relationships here.

Jet: Wonderful.

Theobald: Let's go back.

Jet: Being grounded on our Saint's Day.

Brennan: You see that Toby says,

Toby: My lord, should we take them to the queen at once?

Theobald: Yes, I, I think we should.

Lapin: We have to make up about an hour and half of lessons. When should be,
when is--

Theobald: You can actually do lessons with me instead.

Ruby: Yeah, we'll do that. We would like that--

Jet: Oh yes.

Ruby: We would like lessons with you sometime.

Lapin: Oh, okay.

Jet: That would be so fun. Can you teach me a Killing Blow?

Ruby: Yes, I would like to know Killing Blow.

Theobald: What about a Stunning Blow, huh? Ah, you're 18. We'll do a Killing
Blow.

Brennan: Go ahead, and each of you guys give me an Insight check, if you'd be
so kind.

Siobhan: Nat 20.

Brennan: You know that if you get taken to your mom, you guys are fucked.

Jet: Oh.

Ruby: So, Theobald, actually, I have some questions about... the nobility?

Jet: That is very true. You know what? If I'm gonna learn, I just can't learn
and walk at the same time.

Ruby: No.

Jet: It's just two different parts of my brain.

Ruby: Yeah

Jet: I'll just plop down here and you can just, I don't know, perhaps Lapin
could teach us all about the nobility.

Murph: I start carrying Jet. I just fully start—

Brennan: You guys head up, head up the—

Lapin: The nobility is made up of—

Theobald: Why did you do that?

Brennan: You guys begin to head up, back through the fields, across the bridge
to the cola river to Castle Candy. And as you guys arrive there, we move up
through the bright pink and fuchsia and purple grasses swaying in the wind.
The lovely peppermint trees moving in the breeze.

And we arrive near the chapel, a deep and open room with tall windows, deep in
the center keep. It echoes as the hard candy stone underneath, hears the tap
of footsteps. We see a room dominated by four massive statues. The statues are
four royal women. There is, and the face of the north side of this large, sort
of, chapel, reflective, sort of quiet and somber room.

There is a statue of, made of a deep chocolate stone, like, almost like a
Tootsie Pop kinda thing, of a lightly armored, older woman. Circlet, like a
royal circlet on her brow, holding a rapier, like a fencing sword in her hand.
And a long cape, and underneath reads, General Rococoa of the House of Rocks.

To the east, is like a bright yellow candy stone statue, each of these statues
is like 20 feet tall… Of a pious looking woman who holds a circlet on her
belt, she does not wear it on her head, but holds the rest of it on her belt.
And you see it says, Saint Citrina underneath that.

In the west, there is this like, deep dark, purplish blue, like veined through
with lighter blue statue, the Archmage Lazuli. And you see, holding a book
open in her hands, the circlet on her brow. Is a royal-looking woman, in like,
long wizardly robes.

And then in the south, made of completely transparent, like light blue candy
stone, is the princess, Sapphria.

Standing in this hall of statues, this room that is otherwise very sparse,
with just the golden light of the Bulb coming in through the windows, we see
alone, a tall figure. Lou, would you please describe your character.

Lou: Yeah, I'm King Amethar Rocks. I am, you know, big, tall, seven foot, like
a, pop rock candy man. You know, I'm a Storm-Herald Barbarian, level three.
I've, I've got a, you know, this is all, so much just jumbles of information.
I've got a green pop rock candy beard, and all of the, in my opinion,
unnecessary accoutrements of the king of Candia, which I am, for some reason.
[laughing]

Brennan: Wonderful. Ah, I forgot to mention, by the way. You guys are both
first level rogues. [points to Emily and Siobhan]

Emily: Oh yes.

Siobhan: Oh yes. Self taught.

Brennan: Self taught.

Emily: Self taught.

Siobhan: Because these idiots won't teach us anything useful.

Emily: I know, but the shadows will teach us.

Ally holds up a single finger questioningly to Siobhan.

Siobhan: [to Ally] Yes.

Brennan: Amethar stands in this room. You have not yet seen your daughters,
but you know that today, they are women grown, and haven't fully inherited
their titles, princesses of Candia, and duchesses, ladies of the realm. What's
Amethar doing, alone in this chapel?

Lou: I think, speaking out loud to his sisters,

Amethar: Yes, the, it's the girls' 18th Saint's Day. It's really exciting. I
think you guys would like each other a lot. They're, they're real special.
They-- they take a lot after you guys. [sighs] You know, it's hard enough
being a father and a king. You guys would've been so good at this. I'm just
not, I'm not cut out for this.

Brennan: You hear a tap of feet approaching.

Amethar: I missed you every day. [loudly] Who, who's here?

Brennan: You see, walking around the corner, you see your right hand, and
like, master of state we'll say, Calroy, walks around. The marquis of
Muffinfield, who looks like just a giant slice of cake with two eyes on the
top, kind of pitched forward, little striped pantaloons and a little saber. He
walks forward and says,

Calroy: Your majesty, I'm sorry to disturb.

Amethar: Yeah, no, yeah, I was just, I was just hanging out. What's up Cal?

Calroy: Her majesty the queen is... less than chuffed. She-- the princesses--
according to the report, the princesses managed to get two scarecrows, stuffed
them with sugar grass, and dressed them in their clothes, and hoodwinked
Chancellor Lapin, and disappeared during their—

Amethar: [chuckling] [claps hands] That's awesome. That's awesome. Wait, and
he just didn't notice?

Calroy: He was apparently 90 minutes into the lesson—

Amethar: Well, who's so smart now. Yeah, you show him Jet. Oh, come on Ruby!
Ah, hell yes! Oh, I love that. I love that.

Calroy: I thought you might. The queen also thought you might, and, basically
asked that you and her get on the same page about what the appropriate
punishment would be.

Amethar: A punishment?

Calroy: That's her words, not mine.

Amethar: All right, yeah, we'll, let's, I'm done here, let's go.

Brennan: You see, he looks down and sees two cases finely wrought of like,
marbled candystone that have been pulled from the armory next to you. You see,
he looks at them, points at them and says,

Calroy: Planning on hunting, sir?

Amethar: It's for the girls.

Calroy: Their Saint's Day.

  
Amethar: Saint's Day. It just feels, feels appropriate.

Brennan: You see that he walks along with you and says,

Calroy: Well, everything looks prepared and lovely for the Saint's Day.
Festivities are ready.

Amethar: Great, great.

Calroy: We… I should let you know now, the queen's already read it, but a
message came in from Comida for today.

Amethar: Okay, is it just like, what these tell us, they need more taxes or
something? What's the—

Calroy: No, that would come from a normal imperial sealed letter. This had the
seal of the emperor.

Amethar: Oh. So what's that mean?

Calroy: Your old friend Gustavo has sent you—

Amethar: [chuckling fondly] Okay.

Calroy: -- a letter.

Brennan: You see that, Calroy looks up at the statues here and says,

Calroy: I couldn't help but overhear, your majesty, what you were saying,
and--

Amethar: Yeah, that was, that was just me mumbling.

Brennan: He looks up and says,

Calroy: [sighs] This will be the 20th year since the end of the Ravening War,
and the creation of the Concord.

Amethar: So, what's that mean?

Calroy: I'm just, we saw a lot 20 years ago.

Amethar: Oh, yeah.

Brennan: You see he looks up at the statues and says, and you see, he gets on
one knee and makes a motion to the four statues and says,

Calroy: Your sisters were the, some of the greatest heroes Candia has ever
known.

Amethar: The greatest heroes.

Calroy: The greatest heroes.

Brennan: You see he says,

Calroy: And also, your majesty, Candia is stronger than it's ever been. And,
that is, due in part to you and your rulership of this land and kingdom.

Amethar: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I know you have to say that, but...

Calroy: I don't have, hey, this is—

Amethar: I'm the king. You have to say nice things to me. Be honest!

Brennan: You see, he leans in and says,

Calroy: I was with you, in the muck, in the tents, in the trenches. We've seen
each other piss and shit in pots, in dark fields under torchlight. We fought
and bled together. I am saying this as your friend, you are a good king.

Amethar: Thanks, Cal.

Calroy: All right, well, [clears throat] your Majesty.

Amethar: Will you carry one of these?

Calroy: Yeah, I'll grab one.

Zac: I just remembered that this is a piece of cake with eyes.

[cast laughing]

Ally: I took a shit next to you.

Emily: Frosting came leaking out my very cubed asshole.

Siobhan: Full eye contact.

Ally: Not the good frosting, a different frosting.

Brennan: Cool, you walk out… As you walk out, you see the doors swing open
from the chapel, and you see the stairs leading up to the queen's quarters.
We're gonna cut back to you guys coming up through, coming up through the back
way to the castle. Anyone who wants to make a Survival or Investigation check?

Murph: Oh god.

Siobhan: Oh, I got a nat 1.

Emily: Investigation is, 17!

Brennan: 17. You see a little note that is left on the side of the path that
is written on a piece of bark, in like, crazy, like woodsman’s scratch. And it
says, you pick it up, it says, "Dear Sir Theobald, I've gone to the woods to
collect seeds. Please know that I am not trying to escape, but I might be gone
for a little while. Also, Preston is hungry."

Jet: [quietly] Hey, I think Liam might've also snuck away.

Ruby: Sick.

Jet: So maybe if I don't show Theobald this note, Liam will take the heat.

Ruby: I love it.

Zac: Aww.

Brennan: As you say “maybe Liam will take the heat” and hide the note, we see
up, is sort of the jagged crystalline mountains. The forest begins to spread
out through here. Deep in a peppermint forest, scrounging around in the
undergrowth, we see a young boy made of peppermint, with a little hunter's cap
and a big pack of camping things, being pursued by a tiny little peppermint
piglet. Ally, could you please describe your character?

Ally: Absolutely. Hi, I'm Liam Wilhelmina. I am a level two Candycane Ranger.
I'm currently on my hands and knees, looking for interesting seeds.

Yeah, anyway, my dad is Duke Jawbreaker. There was, like a falling out, I, I
spent most of my life, just kinda in the mountains. I've never been to a
castle like this before. This is a new move. I'm here as a prisoner, I'm
sorry, a ward, we're calling it a ward. I kind of feel like I'm on vacation
with someone else's family, and they didn't show up. I'm just kinda in the
mix, but I do have my pig.

I have a tiny piglet named Preston. He's a peppermint pig. He's really good,
he finds rare seeds. It's so sick, he found this seed once, we cracked it
open, there was a candy cane! It was full of candy cane. That was-- that was a
good-- that was the best day I've had in Candia so far. I kinda miss my dad. I
definitely don't miss my brothers. Fuck them. But, yeah, it is, yeah, this is
gonna work out. [laughs]

Brennan: You hear snuffling along your feet, as you're like, you're sort of in
the forest, where you feel a little bit more yourself. You hear, [oinks and
snorts]. And you see that Peppermint Preston, I'm gonna roll to see how well
Peppermint Preston does on his little Investigation. Peppermint Preston does
not do too well in his Investigation.

Liam: Hey man, don't-- I thought that was a seed, too.

Preston: [oinks sadly]

Liam: No, don't worry about it. Hey, look, we just gotta, we keep finding
these candy cane seeds, but we're gonna find something cooler.

Preston oinks.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Nature check.

Ally: Oh, sure sure. Let me see, oh yeah baby, we got a lot of nature. [sees
their roll and laughs sadly] But will it be enough? That's an 8.

Brennan: What's your bonus to Nature?

Ally: I've a plus 5 to nature.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: I rolled a 3.

Brennan: Cool, cool, cool. You look over and you see there's a little glowing
thing over in this grotto that you really haven't traipsed in before.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You just go over there with Peppermint Preston. As you get there,
you, I'm gonna ask you to roll Initiative.

Ally: Yeah! That's a 7. Oh no, sorry, that's a, let me see—

Zac: Do you have—

Murph: You have plus 4.

Emily: You have plus 4 .

Brennan: And you have advantage. You're a Ranger.

Ally: Oh hell yeah, thank god. Yeah, that's a 14.

Brennan: Pfft. Actually, 14 is high enough.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You, as you're there, you suddenly see that, that glowing thing is
not natural. It’s a little like, lantern that's been put there. And you
suddenly hear two people rushing for you.

Ally: I pull out my bow.

Brennan: Turn around, and you whip around with your crossbow—

Liam: [intimidating] Hey!

Brennan: Yeah, you're like, woodland attention, and you see that Preston,
like, jumps in front of you and spreads his little hooves out and goes,
[imitates pig squeal] You see that two dirty, ragged-looking urchins from
Dulcington, both around your age, go,

Urchin: [rough-sounding London accent] Easy does it, easy does it.

Brennan: These guys, you recognize as Woppins and Paz.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: They're, one of them's sort of like, a malted milk-ball looking kind
of kid. And the other one's like a, a little like, he's made, he looks like
his body is made of component parts of like, tick tacky, or like other, kind
of, like hard candies together. You see that Woppins goes,

Woppins: Easy does it, easy does it Wilhelmina. Ah, you can't get the jump on
this one, can you?

Liam: You definitely can't. How are you?

Woppins: Ah, we were, we thought we would try and rustle you up and give you a
little rub on the noggin.

Liam: Look, I've been terrorized by older brothers my entire life. There's
nothing you can do to break me.

Woppins: Well, speaking of older brothers, [hocks a loogie] look what we got.

Brennan: And he reaches a hand down in front of his pants and pulls a crumpled
up piece of parchment, unfurls it, and you see, there's like a cipher scratch
writing from one of your brothers.

Liam: Fuck.

Brennan: You read it, and it says—

Ally: I grab— Have they read it? Can they read?

Brennan: Oh, they can't read it.

Ally: Okay, cool, I grab it.

Woppins: What's it say?

Brennan: You see that Paz goes,

Paz: So, how does they make the… noise turn into... shapes?

[Emily laughing]

Liam: Look man, I'm, I'm just like you guys, okay. I didn't have some fancy
education like everybody in this fucking castle. It's, you're not missing out
on much. Honestly, I would rather someone just talk to me.

Ally: I read the, I'm trying to read the letter, like—

Brennan: You read it, like covertly. Go ahead and give me a, just a, like a
raw Intelligence check.

Ally: Cool. Hey, 15.

Brennan: Cool. You're able to do it without them really noticing too much. The
letter basically says, like, it says, like,

Brother: What's up, little mint?

Ally: Love it.

Brennan: You know, like, gives some pejorative.

Ally: It's from Grash.

Brennan: From Grash, your brother Grash, hell yeah. As you read the letter
from your brother Grash, you see it says,

Grash: Rumor has it that, very soon, there will be movement on the part of the
king of Candia, the false son of the alliance breaker, He Who Cannot Keep His
Oaths. Remember, you are a prisoner of our hateful cousins, who sought to
destroy our family's honor, and the honor of the name Jawbreaker. You were
chosen to be ward, not us. Otherwise, we would have plunged a dagger into the
king's heart already. See that you do your family proud, or the beating coming
your way will be legendary.

Ally: I feed the letter to Preston.

[Brennan imitates oinking as Preston chomps, then a cute little squeal]

Emily: I want to touch him so bad.

Ally: He's so soft, and he's cool to the touch. So if you're hot, you just
drape him over the back of your neck while walking.

Emily: Does he have just a little bit of fuzz to him?

Ally nods.

Liam: Oh, stupid brothers. Just an inside joke.

Brennan: [staring directly into the camera and pointing at the viewer] If I
kill Peppermint Preston, you're not allowed to get mad at me.

Ally: [laughs] You will never kill Peppermint Preston, you hear me?

Siobhan: If you kill Peppermint Preston, we're walking off this set.

Brennan: God damnit, [to the camera] don't allow pets in your game! Cool, so,
you, Peppermint Preston is very full. You see, like, he jumps up into your
arms and goes immediately to sleep. And you see that Woppins and Paz look over
at you and say,

Woppins: So, how's life living in the castle? You know, you're highborn, but,
you ain't free like us are you?

Liam: Yeah, no, you're right. It sucks. Pretty much, I sit around, people rush
past me a lot. I don't know where they go. But everyone is always in a rush.
And, I've started counting how many times Lapin sounds like an egg.

Woppins: Just like an egg.

Liam: Mm-hm. I have, I don't know very much about eggs, but, it just seems
like he's very egg-like.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: You see that… As you are standing there, sort of making noise in the,
in the glade… You hear a noise of someone traipsing, and just tumbling down
aside, and you see that a very put-upon squire, who you recognize as an
attendant to the two princesses, and also a squire studying under Sir
Theobald, shows up. This miserable looking, sort of like, lemon cough-drop
squire shows up, and he goes, tumbles down the hillside and goes,

Limon: [tortured cockney accent] I know, oh there you are, Count Liam. Listen,
there's an awful ruckus in the castle. They've sent me to go. You don't know
where the princesses are, do you?

Liam: No, are they gone? Did everyone get my note? I let everyone know that I
wasn't like, running away, right? I set up a lot of alarms to let Theo know
where I was.

Limon: No, no such notes have been found I'm afraid.

Liam: Shoot.

Limon: It looks like you might be in for a punishment of some sort. I don't
know what they can do to you. If it was me, it would be 40 lashes, I know it!

Liam: [horrified] What?

Limon: Or I'd be kicked down the stairs.

Liam: That's horrible! Who does that to you?

Limon: Ah, everyone. Sometimes I get scared they're gonna do it, so I do it
meself.

Liam: That's... dark. That's a new level of darkness.

Limon: Sometimes they try to trick me, you know they come up and they say,
"Limon, no one wants to kick you down the stairs. Please stop throwing
yourself down the stairs. Nobody wants it." And then I say, "Oh they’re trying
to lull me they is, into a false sense of security."

Liam: This sounds, it sounds like self inflicted punishment.

Limon: If it, if it is, it ain't nothing I don't deserve.

Ally: Okay, I say bye to my... friends?

Liam: Bye Paz, bye guys. I gotta go back up. There's really only one real
person in the entire castle. Real working class gummy bear, and, I really like
to let him know where I'm gonna be at all times.

Limon: Aye, Sir Theobald is a good man, he is. He's good, he never boxes my
ears or nothing. Not like those boys. They box my ears all the time.

Liam: Oh, yeah.

Limon: If I go into town, they find me, and they put my pants and such over my
head and take my weapons and throw them in the river.

Liam: Wow, that's, I, you might be the saddest person I've ever met, in my
life. And I thought I was pretty sad.

Limon: Well, if my being sad has made you feel better, then I guess I've done
me job then, haven't I?

Liam: Yeah, yeah man.

Ally: I, can I, I think I, like set some alarms and stuff. Can I have them all
go off in like, Theo's, like, head?

Brennan: Yes, you see little, like, alarms and bells go off from Preston. They
like, they, in other words, like, Liam is returning.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: As you, you return, you see that Limon keeps going like,

Limon: Well, you know, that is the trick is it. You being a peppermint lord
and all, you're made of real good candy. It's just my luck to be a cough drop.
[despondent] The only kind of candy that's medicinal.

Liam: Hey, I'm gonna head back to the castle. We can go back together, or
maybe I'll just go separate--

Limon: Cause you don't want my company.

Liam: No, I just, no, it's just you, you, you shout everything you say and
it's all so sad.

Limon: Am I being too loud me lord!

Liam: It's just very in your face. I'm just gonna take-- I'm out here in
nature to kind of calm my head.

Brennan: Okay, he throws himself down a hill. Tumbling.

Liam: No, no wait! Honestly, okay, to each their own path. I need to focus on
myself.

Ally: I take Preston, who's like, so heavy and asleep. I take him back to the
castle.

[Brennan imitates a pig snore]

Emily: What does he dream of?

Ally: I know, seeds.

Lou: He dreams of seeds.

Brennan: You see that, as he dreams, as he dreams, you actually go a separate
way through the woods that you've gone before. And as he dreams, you hear a
faint tinkling of chimes, as little sugar plum visions dance in his head. And
you see a little glade of purple standing stones covered in runes, like tall
plinths, or like, menhir stones, made of this sort of sugar crusted plum
stone. And you see that a small little teacup that's been left here from some
kind of ceremony. You recognize this as one of the old glades of, of the
Sweetening Path, which is not the Bulbian Church. There's a lot of these where
you come from, but you haven't seen one here in the south yet.

Ally: Cool, can I investigate, or do something with it?

Brennan: Yeah, do a little Investigation, give me a little Survival check.

Ally: Love it.

Lou: Not a big one, a little one.

Ally: A little one. Nat 1.

Brennan: You shatter the teacup and—

Emily: You took “a little one” very literally.

Ally: No, fuck, oh god, ah, oh god. I run.

Brennan: You sprint. We follow Liam's trail through the peppermint woods, back
to Castle Candy, carrying the sleeping Preston in your arms.

And we cut to the gates opening, big, high battlement walls. Marching through
the central courtyard are Sir Theo, his right hand man, Sir Toby, the
princesses, Chancellor Lapin. And as you guys are marching through, the main
gate opens into the central keep, and as you're marching, you suddenly see the
herald look at you as the ring of trumpets blares and you hear him in the
middle of going,

Pishpuff: Presenting his royal majesty, King Amethar of the House of Rocks,
first of his name, sovereign ruler of Candia and the Sugarlands, Duke of
Cookieshire, protector of the realm, defender of the faith, bannerman of the
battle of Gumdrop Pass, and hero of Frosting Valley!

Brennan: [imitates trumpet sounds] And it's just you walking out of a little
side door.

Amethar: Oh, oh hey.

Theobald: My lord.

Ruby: Hey pops.

Jet: Hey pops.

Amethar: Girls, what's going on?

Ruby: We ran away again.

Jet: We ran away.

Ruby: It's fine, right?

Zac: The chancellor’s bowed very deeply.

Murph: I try to bow deeper. Lower.

Amethar: Hey, don't, don't touch the floor, all right. That's, that's nasty.
[quietly to his daughters] I heard you all pulled one over on Lapin.

Jet: Yeah, we did the old strawman that you taught us.

Amethar: [whispering] Ah, that's a good one.

Ruby: It's very, very good. It worked so well.

Amethar: I mean, it always works. I mean, he’s just talk, talk, talk, talk,
talk.

Jet: Next time I'm gonna it until I pretend that I fell out a window and
really fucking freak him out.

Ruby: Yay!

Theobald: King Amethar—

Amethar: Yeah, yeah?

Theobald: I, I know, usually, when the girls do something like this, we kind
of just laugh it off, but perhaps today, now that they're—

Ruby: Because it's our birthday!

Theobald: Grown—

Ruby: We should be celebrated for it.

Jet: Oh, interesting. Or, if we, if penance is required, I've actually come up
with some pretty brutal penance that I think that I would really not enjoy,
which is—

Ruby: Oh no, don't say it.

Jet: I think I should be sent on a diplomatic mission to Comida.

Ruby: That would probably give us a lot of responsibility.

Jet: Yeah.

Amethar: I'm sorry, you're asking me to send my two 18 year old daughters on a
diplomatic mission? [aside, to Lapin] That's a— that's a bad idea?

Lapin: That seems to me, like a very bad idea.

Amethar: Okay, I think that's a bad idea. I actually— [Jet whimpers] No, don't
cry. Don't cry. You know I, I can't.

Jet and Ruby: [sadly] Please, Pops. Pops, please.

Theobald: Should we get the queen, my lord?

Amethar: Yeah, we should get the queen,

Theobald: Get the queen.

Amethar: Because otherwise, this is 100 percent gonna slide.

Brennan: You guys are going to be watching the gate. As you do, you see that
Liam walks in holding Preston—

Liam: I'm here.

Ruby: Wow, Liam ran away!

Jet: Wow.

Liam: Yeah, I tried to leave a note, but, notes get lost, it happens.

Theobald: I appreciate the ping, Master Liam. Gave me a ping.

Liam: Yeah.

Theobald: You, you all could learn something from Liam.

Jet: All right, in the future, I'll give you a ping.

Theobald: But again, remember, big notes that the girls can't steal from me.
Big notes.

Siobhan: I flick Theo's armor and go,

Ruby: Ping!

Theobald: Very funny.

Jet: That’s good Ruby.

Theobald: That's hilarious.

Ruby: Ping.

Theobald: Yes, we're 18, and we're making these jokes. Ping, very funny.
Everyone's hilarious here.

Jet: Maybe now that I'm 18 though, it's, it's time that we had an apartment in
Dulcington.

Ruby: Oh, I think that would be a great idea. Learn some responsibility.

Amethar: We have so much room in this castle.

Jet: Just a three room bedroom.

Theobald: Anyone out there wants to live in here. Why do you want to live out
there?

Ruby: Just to, experience the world. How can we rule these people if we don't
know how they live?

Jet: That's a very good point.

Ruby: And by we, I meant Jet.

Amethar: That is a very good point.

Ruby: Because I am still going to the circus. Because there's no point in me
being here. We don't need two of us.

Amethar: Okay, we need to go talk to the queen before I start, just kind of,
making bad decisions—

Theobald: Before Princess Ruby joins the circus, let's talk to the queen.

Queen: [dignified] I'm afraid the queen has already arrived.

Pishpuff: [rushed] Presenting the Queen, Caramelinda of the House of Rocks,
ruler of Candia and the Sugarlands, countess of Meringue, keeper of Castle
Candy, and Heart of the Realm. [trumpet flourish]

Amethar: Hey, you gotta slow down or you're gonna pass out.

Pishpuff: [huffs] It's a lot to get out.

Amethar: Yeah.

Zac: Chancellor bows very, very deeply.

Murph: I bow even deeper.

Lapin: [also bowing deeper] Oh, no, no, no, no.

Brennan: You guys see, resplendent regal in her queenly gown, crown upon her
head, long caramel hair, is your mother, the queen.

Siobhan: I cast Prestidigitation, which is the spell that I learned when the
last circus came around, from the circus master, just to clean us both up,
because I know that we will get in trouble.

Brennan: You see that your mother looks at you and says,

Caramelinda: [poised, speaking deliberately] Ah, little bit of a cantrip to
clean yourself up. Why? Were you dirty?

Ruby: No mother, I just wanted to make sure—

Caramelinda: How could you have become so dirty in your tower, taking your
lessons?

Ruby: I just wanted to, on our Saint's Day, to make sure that you, that we
were extra clean.

Jet: I'm dirty because I've been preparing. I know now that I'm 18, I'll
likely be taking Theobald's spot as the head of the army.

Ruby: Yes, I think that we all are aware of--

Jet: I was doing some combat rolls.

Caramelinda: You would like to be head of the army? Is that why you've been so
present at your history classes, learning the tactics of the Ravening War? You
know, your father and your aunts, and all the other members of your family
fought in that war. And their exploits are a matter of public record. The
history of them is there, but I don't suppose you would've attended any of
Chancellor Lapin's history classes? Is that right, Chancellor?

Lapin: It is, your, your majesty, slightly complicated. They were there in
their physical forms that looked a lot like them were there—

Caramelinda: You were bamboozled by scarecrows.

Lapin: Bamboozled by scarecrows.

Jet: Mother, is it my fault if I prefer to learn the history of war from my
father, who was actually there, rather than this bunny who knows nothing but
scribblings in a book?

Caramelinda: You will hold your tongue, young lady! You will refer to
Chancellor Lapin, a primogen of the church, by his name respectfully.

Jet: [quietly] Okay.

Siobhan: I'm behind mother’s back, to Jet, and just [makes bunny ears and a
funny face].

Jet: [quietly] Stop, stop trying to make me laugh Ruby. I'm gonna laugh, Ruby.
I'm gonna get in fucking trouble.

Amethar: Hey—

Lapin: Are you laughing at me?

Amethar: I mean, it's their Saint's Day. I mean we, we could, we could let
just a little bit slide, you know, so everyone's having a good—

Caramelinda: Do you want to petition me to let this slide in front of them, or
should we have this conversation privately to present a united front?

Amethar: [whispering] Oh yeah, we're supposed to present, we're supposed to do
the united front thing. We can talk.

Jet: What a way to kick off our Saint's Day, huh?

Ruby: Yeah.

Liam: Does anyone know what this seed is?

Ruby: It's a seed.

Theobald: Master Liam, I've gotta ask, what's with the seeds? I really, just
the seeds—

Ally: I, I hand him the seed and then I Druidcraft it to bloom.

Theobald: [surprised] Oh, it's a nice seed.

Brennan: A little like, peppermint flower blooms. You see that, your mother
looks and says,

Caramelinda: Well, I understand that you had fun this morning, skipping your
lesson. So, what we'll do is, you two girls can miss the first 90 minutes of
your feast tonight, to complete the lesson that you missed with Chancellor
Lapin.

Amethar: Oh, come on.

Ruby: You two women!

Jet: Everyone else is calling us grown women.

Caramelinda: When I see—

Jet: And you know what grown women have? An apartment in Dulcington.

Ruby: Yes.

Jet: A three bedroom.

Ruby: Three bedroom.

Caramelinda: What's the third bedroom for?

Theobald: My queen, I think I would be there to protect the princesses.

Caramelinda: No, Sir Theobald, I would not—

Ruby: It’s an office/guest bedroom.

Theobald: I'm just saying, in a theoretical situation, where they had to have
their own apartments—

Caramelinda: [shouting] It would be my fondest wish to behold two women grown!
I have yet to behold such a thing. What I see are petulant, rude, obnoxious,
ill-behaved children. [less intense] Now that didn't have to happen in front
of all of our servants and warriors at arms, but it did. Because you had to
make fools of yourselves.

Now, I understand that you have some studying ahead of you today. So why don't
you see to it? Amethar, perhaps you would like to instruct them in some
history of the Ravening War if they are in fact so interested in that topic.
Some extra studying today seems worthwhile. I'll be waiting for you, 10
minutes hence, upstairs, because we have some royal business to discuss.

Liam, would you like to take a walk with me?

Liam: Yeah, totally.

Caramelinda: Very well.

Liam: [to Preston, in his arms] Wake up.

Brennan: You see that, the queen holds out and takes, offers her hand to you.

Ally: I hold it.

Brennan: She walks away with you. What do you guys do as Caramelinda and Liam
walk away?

Amethar: Well...

Ruby: I mean you...

Amethar: We, we… We're gonna do a lesson.

Jet: I don't want to get you in trouble with mom.

Amethar: No, yeah,

Jet: So let's do a lesson.

Amethar: That's why, we're gonna do a lesson, the three of us. You two—

Lapin: Should I be here for this lesson?

Amethar: [points at Lapin and Theobald respectively] No, no. I, still a family
thing. We're gonna have a family lesson.

Brennan: You see that Lord Cruller, Calroy Cruller, your dad's, sort of,
master of state, looks around and says,

Calroy: Well, listen. There's more of us than the queen, so if we all get in
trouble at the same time, then it, kind of just, all shakes out. So—

Jet: Like a coup?

Theobald: [concerned] I don't like getting in trouble.

Ruby: He can't coup, he's the king. The king can’t coup himself.

Amethar: Yeah, I'm the king.

Jet: We can coup the queen.

Calroy: That's technically correct. I don't think the king can perform a coup.

Jet: The king can coup the queen.

Lapin: Are you saying that the king can't coup?

Calroy: I don't think the king can coup.

Theobald: What if we just-- [crosstalk] Hear me out. What if we listen to
everything the queen said?

Calroy: If the king and queen were in cahoots over a coup, then that coup
could, could happen against the king.

Amethar: Okay! Enough of this, the coup'ing and the who'ing.

Calroy: Now a count can coup.

Ruby: Ah yes. The count could coup.

Lapin: What makes a coup true?

Calroy: Well a true coup is what a count can do against the king and queen.

Ally: Oh, no!

Lapin: Achoo!

Amethar: All right, you know what, girls, let's go. We'll leave these three
gentlemen to figure out the nature of a coup, and who can do the coup. Ah, you
got me doing it, let's go!

Brennan: Cool.

Jet: Maybe we can do a fighting lesson.

Ruby: Yes, if you could teach us how to block—

Amethar: Yeah, we'll do something like that.

Jet: I would like to learn a Killing Blow.

Ruby: Yes, I would like to learn a Killing Blow.

Amethar: Okay, yeah, I'll learn, I like that you want to learn Killing Blow.
We'll figure something out.

Brennan: You can actually walk out to the, to the training fields. These other
knights, members of the Tartguard here, the Tartguard, what they'll say,

Tartguard: [doffing a hat] And a happy Saint's Day to the lovely princesses!

Emily: I throw them gems.

Tartguard: Haha, we don't spend our money!

Brennan: They sort of dance away. [comic sound effect] And, you see, that,
yeah, you walk out to, like the archery and like, training field with your two
daughters.

Amethar: Hoo, that was a lot.

Jet: That was a lot.

Ruby: That's really a lot.

Amethar: That last part was scary, like even for me—

Jet: Yeah, I know, I know.

Amethar: I'm know I'm like, the king, I was like, ho, I, I need to shut up.
But, hey, it's your Saint's Day. And you're special. And, you should feel
special, okay.

Ruby: We do feel special.

Jet: We do.

Amethar: Good, all right.

Jet: You always make sure of that.

Amethar: Good, I mean, because you are, all right. And then, do you still have
that, you still got that candy cane that you whittled.

Jet: Yep.

Emily: I lick it so it's even sharper.

Amethar: And, that is—

Emily: I try and stab a bug, and it doesn't work.

Amethar: Yeah, okay, well, yeah, it's because you're trying to use a candy
cane as a sword, right?

Jet: Yeah.

Amethar: All right, can I see that?

Jet: Yeah.

Lou: I take it. I snap it over my knee.

[Emily gasps in horror]

Amethar: This isn't a sword, all right. You need a proper sword.

Lou: I take one of the boxes, and I open it...

Amethar: [emotional] This belonged to your aunt. General Rococoa.

Jet: General Rococoa?

Amethar: This is the Twizzling Blade. What you've got there, it was hers, and
boy did she know how to use it. And you will too. [deep sighing]

Jet: Thank you pops!

Emily: I wrap my licorice body around him.

Amethar: Yeah, yeah. Use it well.

Emily: Okay, and now I start going after anything I can see. Ha! Ha! Cha! Ha!
[imitates stabbing]

Brennan: This sword is incredible. It's this long, thin, pointed, licorice
blade, and it [imitates swords swishing] just like, it is so bendy, it like
whips around as you're fighting with it. You see that the herald looks around
and sees Amethar getting misty eyed, and you see, you see he goes,

Pishpuff: All shall cry if the king cries! Cry at once!

Amethar: All right, we don't need to make a big deal that I'm crying, all
right!

Jet: [points sword towards the Herald] I'll give you something to cry about.

Brennan: You see that the Tartguard starts slugging each other in the stomachs
to make themselves cry.

Amethar: Okay, honestly, I saw those guys just throwing swords out windows
earlier. That's fine. They can punch each other all they want.

Jet: Pops, this is the greatest gift I've ever gotten.

Amethar: All right, well, you deserve it, all right. And, Ruby? You know, I
see you doing stuff with magic, reminds me a lot of Laz. [pained groan] Let me
give you, this was her bow, Sourscratch. [crying] You, it's very powerful.
Very magical.

Jet: You look so good.

Ruby: You look so good!

Brennan: An intense, like, poison green, sugar crystal, spiky bow, it's like
awesome magical looking short-bow appears in your hands, and you see that
like, as you go to put your fingers on the string, a scintillating line of
green light appears, and an arrow produces on the bow as you put your fingers
on it.

Ruby: This is so cool.

Amethar: Now, now, now, be careful with these things all right. They're very,
very powerful, magical properties and such.

Jet: I will guard it with my life.

Amethar: Yeah.

Jet: All my life, I've been waiting for something worthy, and today, I feel as
though I found two things.

Amethar: What's the second one?

Ruby: What's the other one?

Jet: [whispering to Ruby] The avocado.

Ruby: Right.

Amethar: Wait, what's the second one?

Jet: I was just like, casually, maybe betrothed.

Amethar: I'm sorry, what, okay what?

Jet: We'll get into it later, we'll get into it later. I don't want to jinx
it.

Amethar: Ah, yeah, fine, yeah, let's not jinx it.

Brennan: We cut over to Liam walking with Queen Caramelinda, and you see that
the—

Ally: I'm just holding hands. [mimes holding their hand up]

Brennan: You see that she says,

Caramelinda: Liam? How are you doing? Are you all right, you're well fed?

Liam: Totally.

Caramelinda: Good. I know that your stay here is a result of political
machinations that you never asked for, and you did nothing to deserve. I would
hate for your time here, as our ward, to be anything other than comfortable.
And that you should be happy. And that, knowing that you will not spend the
rest of your life here, that we provide you with all the things you need to
live a rich and happy life once you return to the great stone candy mountains.
And, your father, Duke Jawbreaker.

I wanted to say that there may come a time soon where some opportunities are
presented to you and though, I am not permitted to entreaty that your wardship
should end, lest I break the laws of the Concord. I will remind you, something
that I and your uncle have spoken about, which is that, if you were to be wed,
your time as a ward would have to come to an end so that you could attend to
your sacred duties as a husband.

Liam: Right, yeah, I, I know, yeah. All my nice brothers got married and got
to leave the compound, and, and it was just me and, the last four brothers who
were, kinda unmarriable—

Brennan: She like, laughs and says,

Caramelinda: I would never speak ill of your four brothers, who have sadly,
had, not so great fortune in terms of securing a bride.

Liam: Yeah, yeah, they're assholes. It's okay, we can just say it.

Caramelinda: Liam! I'm the queen.

Liam: But, yeah, I'm not, I'm not really, like, interested. It's kinda hard to
even talk to people. I'm just used to it kinda just being me and Preston, you
know, like, out in the open air. Even now, when I'm talking to people, I kinda
feel like, maybe they hate me.

Caramelinda: I do not think you are hated, Liam, at least not by me. And if
there is such a one in this castle that does not care for you, let their name
be known to me, and they shall be sorted out.

Liam: Cool.

Caramelinda: Preston is a fine companion.

Liam: I don't want to marry Preston. Were you gonna say I wanted to marry
Pres- I don't want to marry Preston!

Caramelinda: No, that is not where I was going.

Liam: Oh, oh, oh! Then—

Caramelinda: Are you having some kind of awakening right now?

Liam: No, no! No, I, I mean, no. But, I just feel like a lot of people are
like, it's just you and Preston. Whenever people talk to me about needing a
wife, I'm always like, no thank you. Husband, no thank you. I'm, I'm fine
alone, is what I'm saying.

Caramelinda: Well, I understand that. But, there's also a, a very large world
out there, of people you haven't met. There might be a young lord or lady, out
there somewhere, who also likes to look for seeds in the outdoors. And perhaps
they feel very, very alone as well.

Liam: I mean, that'd be, really cool. But—

Ally: Can I roll to see if she hates me?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Insight check.

Ally: 15.

Brennan: You are uncomfortable with how intense, how intensely high status
this person is. Her gaze feels hot on your face, because she's so powerful.

Ally: I’m used to like, being in the mountains with like, mountain folk. I
think being around all this royalty is really scary, so—

Brennan: Yeah, you're just scared of her, because she's powerful, but she's
not doing anything to make you think she's not—

Liam: [internally] You're right, of course not. Yeah, she doesn't hate me,
yeah. [out loud] You don't hate me?

Caramelinda: No, Liam. When have I done anything to give you the impression
that I hate you?

Liam: Nothing, nothing. But, thank you, yeah, yeah, maybe, I mean, I'm open to
meeting any kind of person. That'll be pretty cool.

Caramelinda: I cannot advise you on what you should do. I merely mean to
repeat that, should you wish to find a way to return home, there is a quicker
path for you to return home to your beloved mountains, and it is with a ring
on your finger, and a bride or groom on your arm.

Liam: Great.

Caramelinda: All right.

Brennan: She gives you a little kiss on the cheek, and she looks over at one
of her servants and says,

Caramelinda: Kindly bring my husband to my quarters.

Brennan: And you see that the servant nods. We cut—

Ally is starting to say something.

Brennan: I'm sorry were you at, what do you have?

Ally: Oh no, nevermind. I was gonna maybe ask her about the teacup, but then I
was too embarrassed that maybe I'd be in trouble, for breaking it.

Brennan: You get, you head out, as you do, you see, I'm sorry. The queen
leaves, and we go back out to the field. I want to, as we go back out to you
guys training with your new awesome weapons, Ruby, give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: 17.

Brennan: Murph, go ahead and give me a Deception check.

Ally whistles, impressed, seeing Murph’s roll.

Murph: 19.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Is it? All right.

Emily: What?

Brennan: Awesome.

Murph: Am I, am I there as well?

Brennan: You're there as well, watching her.

Theobald: So you've got your aunts' weapons?

Jet: Yes Theobald, I believe it's time for you to retire. I'm ready to take
over your position.

Theobald: If, if, when you're the queen, you see fit for that, then I will—

Ruby: And I'm gonna learn how to do that trick where you shoot the arrow with
your feet.

Jet: Whoa, that's cool.

Brennan: You see that, a servant comes over to you and says,

Servant: Your Majesty, her Majesty the queen asks for your company in her
chambers.

Amethar: All right. I have to go talk to the queen, but, hey really, give it
to Theobald, all right. He can take it, all right.

Emily: I attack Theobald.

Theobald: If my lord commands it...

Amethar: Do we have to go right now? I mean, my girl's whipping on Theobald
right now.

[Emily imitates stabbing and armor pings]

Servant: Your Majesty, I can't make anyone do anything.

Amethar: All right--

Theobald: I'm also scrambling, everywhere!

Amethar: Love it. Okay, kick his ass.

Theobald: They're everywhere.

Brennan: You see that, as you start fighting, jumping out from your cape is
Sprinkle, your little familiar, which is just a little animated sprinkle. It
comes out and goes [imitates shrill squealing].

Theobald: Sprinkle, aid me!

Brennan: You see that Sprinkle jumps up and tries to, like wrap around your
eyes to blind you.

Jet: Ah, ah, ah! God, it is such a, such a strong steed.

Theobald: Sprinkle, go for the eyes!

Brennan: [imitates shrill squealing]

Brennan: You see that Amethar walks—

Jet: A vicious steed.

Ally: I love that. A gummy bear and a sprinkle.

Brennan: Walks away. You walk up into Queen Caramelinda's chambers. She turns
to you and says,

Caramelinda: [sighs heavily] They went down into Dulcington this morning?

Amethar: Yeah, I guess. I mean, you know, I taught them the scarecrow trick,
like, a couple, like weeks ago—

Caramelinda: We don't need to be teaching our daughters any more tricks.

Amethar: All right, well, you know, the royal stuff gets old, okay, and it's
fun to go and like, hang out with my daughters and like, I don't know, teach
them all the stuff that I used to do. It's fun!

Caramelinda: That's fun to you? It's fun for them to go off amongst commoners,
where anything could happen? I'll remind you, Amethar, we do have enemies.

Amethar: Yeah.

Caramelinda: Why was there an imperial courier waiting in Dulcington after a
different imperial courier came to deliver this message from the Emperor?

Amethar: I don't—

Caramelinda: Why, why, are all of Jet's underpants tear-away?

Emily, drinking coffee, nearly does a classic spit take.

Amethar: I don't know, all right. These are things we don't talk about, cause
we don't want to jinx it, all right. We're not supposed to jinx it.

Caramelinda: I have so many questions about this castle!

Amethar: Well, I mean, I don't, I mean, you know… [rubs his brow]

Caramelinda: One of our squires shattered every window in the main spiral
stair in the tall tower by hurling himself down the steps!

Amethar: Don't you think, I mean that was funny. That was funny, wasn't that?
Wasn't that funny, I mean?

Caramelinda: I, look, I didn't grow up in this castle like you did. I was a
countess of a small province in the eastern wastes of Candia, where all is
forgotten under the lee of the mountains. I, I don't...

Amethar: Hey, I'm, I'm sorry, okay. I, I, I maybe I haven't been acting
particularly Kingly. I don't know. The girls are getting older, it's just, I
don't, this is right around, I, I just, I'm sorry. How can I do better?

Brennan: She hands a scroll to you, of parchment, with the seal. Not just the
imperial seal of the Concord, but the seal of the Concordant Emperor himself.
The one who rules from Comida, over the six kingdoms of Calorum.

Amethar: Damn. Gustavo sent this?

Caramelinda nods.

Amethar: I, can I read it? I can't, I'm illiterate. Can you, can you read that
to me? I can't—

Caramelinda: I'll tell you—

Amethar: You know I can't read. We don't, we act like I can read out there.
But in here, why are you even giving me this scroll? You know I can't read.

Caramelinda: [sighs] Amethar, Gustavo is sick.

Amethar: What?

Caramelinda: He's sick. This is a letter in his own hand, not by one of his
scribes.

Brennan: And you see that she points, and you can see the lettering is faint,
and weak, and scrawls in a couple of places. You see that, she says,

Caramelinda: [sighs] We've thought that Gustavo might have many more years as
Emperor. According to the laws of the Concord, I mean, you were a young man,
but I also know that you don't often pay attention so you know that Gustavo
has to name an heir.

Amethar: Yeah, something like that, yeah.

Caramelinda: And that heir cannot be his daughter, or anyone of the kingdom of
Fructera.

Amethar: Yeah, he's gotta pick, like a, a Vegetanian, or like a Ceresian or
something, yeah.

Caramelinda: I know for a fact, that other letters went out to the rulers of
the other kingdoms from the scribe's office. This was from Gustavo's own hand.
They are going to have the tourney, as law commands. There will be a grand
tournament. There will be champions selected. And, he will pick his successor.
He has asked you, personally, to be in attendance.

Amethar: Yeah, I mean, yeah, I mean, yeah, I love a tourney. It'd be fun to
watch, and just hang out. You know, get together with everybody. See friends
from, you know, high up--

Caramelinda: Well, first of all, it's a grand tournament, so you don't need to
watch if you don't want to. You've eventually, there will be other lords and
kings participating.

[Amethar chuckling excitedly]

Caramelinda: Amethar, calm down.

Amethar: Ah, I'm sorry. It's just, I haven't done the, ho ho, this is gonna be
good. This is gonna be real good.

Brennan: She, you see that she like, rubs her temples and says,

Caramelinda: Why do you think the Emperor would write you a letter, asking
you, personally, to attend? To make sure that his old friend, that he knows
does not long for rulership, is honor bound to attend by the request of a
dying man? Why do you think he would make such an effort? Clearly, look at how
weak his hand was as he wrote this, to make sure you would attend.

Amethar: I don't know. Because he knows I'll put on a fucking show at that
tournament! Yes!

Caramelinda puts her head in her hands.

Lou: Can I just pull Pay Day, Payment Day off my back and just start swinging
it.

Brennan: You like, smash, chandelier smashes!

Caramelinda: [yelling] What's wrong with you? By the Bulb above! Who did I
marry? Do you think… [quietly] Sorry. [blows out a breath] Gustavo is asking
you to be there personally, because, law of the Concord commands that the
successor be there in person to be named.

Amethar: The success— he going, think, he's gonna? Do you think he's gonna
pick me?

Caramelinda: Amethar, who else would he ask? There is no heir to House
Cheddar. The person who sits on the throne of Lacramor right now is a 16-year-
old girl, a cousin of the House of Cheddar. No one's going to believe that
Basha Myaso from the Meat Lands is actually a member of the Bulbian Church.
King Cabbage is on death's door to begin with. The man is 92 years old. And do
you think he's going to give it to, what, some corrupt Ceresian senator? No,
he's going to give it to you, Amethar.

Amethar: No he's, no he's not. No he's not.

Caramelinda: Amethar, he's asked you personally to attend.

Amethar: I don't want to go. I don't want to go. I don't want to go, I don't
want to be, this is a, this is a—

Caramelinda: You will refuse a summons from the Emperor?

Amethar: Don't put this, no, I'm, no, I can't, right? I can't, I can't do it.
I can't refuse?

Caramelinda: If you can't, either you will send yourself, or you will send me,
or one of our daughters.

Amethar: Do you want to go?

Caramelinda: No!

Amethar: Okay. [puts his face in his hands]

Caramelinda: No, I need to be here to rule Candia, by myself, as I have done
these twenty years past.

[moment of uncomfortable silence]

Emily: Vicious.

Amethar: Okay, so I gotta, I gotta go and, be ready to, so I shouldn't fight
in the tournament? I should just get ready to be...

Caramelinda: Amethar, the fact that your mind dwells on the tournament,
whether you fight in it or not, it doesn't matter. Look, the last thing I'm
worried about is you embarrassing yourself in the only place you've ever been
able to excel, which is a battlefield.

What I'm trying to say to you know, is that if you don't go, then another
kingdom will sit on the Concordant throne. For the past 20 years, our kingdom
has grown because your, one of your oldest and greatest friends has been
emperor of the Concord. Every year, each kingdom gives 20 percent of its taxes
raised to the empire. Half of our fighting warriors, and half of every other
kingdom's as well, wears the imperial crest, and serves in a kingdom not of
their own birthplace. The Concord is the greatest tool for peace we've ever
known. 20 years have these lands gone without war. It's not an accident. And
with a different emperor, that might change.

Amethar: Okay. I'll go.

Caramelinda: I am glad that you have, after much convincing, seen fit to do
what you must.

Amethar lets out a loud breath.

Caramelinda: Let us go tell the news to our daughters.

Amethar: Yep, they can come, right?

Caramelinda: They can come?

Amethar: Yeah, they can come with me?

Caramelinda: I don't know if it's wise—

Amethar: They're gonna come, all right. I'm the, I'm the king and maybe gonna
be the emperor. My daughters are coming with me. And, can, can the rabbit stay
here? I don't want Lapin to come.

[cast laughing]

Caramelinda: If I'm sending my daughters to a city filled with every kind of
Caloran under the Bulb, you can best believe that the good Chancellor Lapin
will be going with you.

Amethar: It's not going to be any fun if he's there.

Brennan: She, she walks down.. She walks down, you guys see that they're
getting your big feast ready. And, you guys are drawn to, having a little
luncheon together in a large banquet hall. All sorts of wonderful candy foods
are served. There's a big butterscotch pheasant in the middle of the table,
and lots of other delightful candy food. Glasses of cola are pouring for
everyone, lemon-lime cola, orange cola, classic cola. You see that the
chancellor, Sir Theo, you're in the room as well. Liam, you're eating here.
Queen Caramelinda looks up and says,

Caramelinda: Daughters, how did your martial training go?

Jet stabs a piece of food with her sword.

Caramelinda: At the table? For real?

Jet: I can, have this, I have this rule going where I can only eat that which
I have slain.

Caramelinda: Nothing on the table is alive!

Jet: I know, but I can still slay it.

Caramelinda: Do you— Where do you get the underwear from? Where do you get it
from?

Ruby: How does she know that?

Jet: I go into Dulcington, there's a very tasteful lingerie shop.

Caramelinda: We have to get that shut down.

Ruby: You can't shut down a shop!

Jet: Yeah, there's honest, hard-working people there.

Ruby: Yeah.

Caramelinda: Honest, hard-working people can find other—

Ruby: We need a three bedroom above the shop.

Caramelinda: Okay, we have some news, Your Highnesses. A royal caravan will be
dispatched tomorrow morning, for the city of Comida. Your father, the king,
has been summoned by the Concordant Emperor. You understand the nature of the
Concord?

Brennan: Each of you guys give me a History check, if you'd be so kind?

Emily: [to Murph, who is laughing at her roll] Don't laugh at my roll.

Siobhan: I got a 6.

Emily: I got a 9, [to Murph] so take that.

Brennan: Cool, you guys know that the Concord is, like an agreement, but also
maybe the empire. But it's, but it's, you know that the emperor is a friend of
your dad's.

Emily: But it's in Comida, right?

Brennan: That is where the Great Pyramid of Food is, and the Concordant
Throne.

Jet: Well mother, I am nothing if not a dutiful daughter.

Ruby: Yes.

Jet: And so, it is with heavy feet that I trudge the path you lay before me.

Ruby: I pray to the Bulb that, that our trip will be, be safe and healthy, and
unexciting.

Caramelinda: All right, so, look, around 25 years ago, the Ravening War began.
This was a war between all of the kingdoms of Calorum. It was started by a
conflict between Fructera and Vegetania. Chancellor Lapin has, I'm sure, gone
over this many, many times.

Lapin: Pretty much constantly.

Jet: Yeah, I think I remember.

Ruby: If I could, consult my notes. Unfortunately I don't have them with me.

Jet: Oh, me too.

Lapin: You took notes?

Ruby: All kinds of notes.

Caramelinda: The, 20 years ago, the Imperator of Ceresia, Imperator Focaccia,
was defeated outside of the city of Pangranos, by an army comprised of the
emperor's Fructeran nobility, your father, most of Candia's armies, and our
allies—

Jet: Get it pops. Get in there. You’re the strongest in the game.

Caramelinda: And our allies of the Dairy Islands. Afterwards, a Concord was
reached. The emperor would be Gustavo Uvano. Each kingdom would give their
taxes levied, and a full half of their warriors at arms, to the empire. Thus,
that the peace may be maintained, and no kingdom would have the strength to
rise up and war against any other without each other nation being called by
oaths sworn under the light of the Bulb, to protect their allies, should
anyone aggress against any other. Thus began the Pax Calorum, and we find
ourselves here, in an age of peace that you have been only too lucky to have
been grown up in.

The emperor has grown sick, and must declare an heir. There will be a grand
tournament in Comida. And your father need be present there.

Ruby: Neither of us want to be heir.

Jet: Yeah. But dad, are you gonna fight?

Amethar: I, I'm, I might get to, I don't know. There's other stuff I need to
do, so.

Ruby: Oh my god, we're gonna get to see you fight?

Amethar: I hope so.

Ruby: You're gonna win, dad.

Jet: That would be really cool.

Amethar: Thanks for—

Caramelinda: If you wish, there are also going to be tournaments of archery
and jousting, and various other parts of the tournament that you may avail
yourselves to.

Siobhan: I join pinkies under the table with Jet, ‘cause this is our wildest
dreams come true.

Emily: All of our, we're trying to keep a straight face, but all of our
enthusiasm is going into our twitching pinkies.

Caramelinda: You both, you both all right over there?

Jet: Yes.

Ruby: Yes. We will represent the noble House of Rocks.

Jet: Yes, we will present a noble face of Rocks. And the bards will sing our
praises after we fucking win.

Ruby: So many things.

Jet: God.

Caramelinda: All right, this is a lot. I'm going to ask that you… Honestly,
your father thinks you should go and I, I agree. I think that—

Amethar: What?

Caramelinda: I think that it would be wise for you to see some of the world.
And perhaps when you see how fortunate you are to have been raised in Castle
Candy, you will come to an appreciation of both your birthright, Jet, to one
day be queen of Candia. And of all of the opportunities and [pointedly]
responsibilities bestowed upon you by your station. Also, Liam should go.

Liam: What?

Amethar: Sick.

Ally: I'm, I'm reaching into my pocket and hatching seeds and eating them.
They're like,

Liam: [crunching] Not edible. [crunching] Not edible.

Caramelinda: Liam is a ward of the king, not of Castle Candia. Wheresoever the
king goes, I think it only right that the king should remain in stewardship
over his cousin—

Liam: Yeah, definitely. Would I, this is traveling?

Caramelinda: That is correct.

Lapin: This is traveling?

Liam: No, this is traveling.

Lapin: No, I know.

Liam: Jesús traveling? Is that what you said?

Lapin: No, I said this is traveling, nevermind.

Jet: He doesn't speak egg.

Lapin: And I don't talk like an egg.

Liam: I don't speak egg.

Murph: Theo laughs way too hard.

Theo: Ha ha! I don't know what that means, but--

Lapin: I do not sound like an egg—

Liam: Yeah, I would, I would totally go—

Amethar: It'd be great.

Liam: So cool.

Amethar: Yeah, it'll be fun.

Liam: I bet there's so many new seeds.

Caramelinda: Very well, Amethar, I shall leave it to you and the honorable,
the honorable Sir Theobald to arrange for the caravan. In order to be on time
for the Grand Tournament, you have to leave on the morrow.

Amethar: Great.

Liam: I'm sorry, who's all going? You?

Caramelinda: No, I shall be remaining here at Castle Candy—

Lapin: Your Majesty, it would be my privilege to go and make sure that the
royal princesses are all studied up on what they need to know about the, the
Concord and all of that.

Caramelinda: Oh, I fully agree, Chancellor. And in fact, Sir Theobald, I trust
that the safety of the princesses shall be more paramount on this envoy than
it has ever been at any time before. In fact, I think it best that the
princesses remain fully in your sight at all times. And too busy their days in
the strange new land, perhaps Chancellor Lapin, you might find it in your
heart to instruct them as to the knowledge and lore of the new lands they
shall be arriving at. I understand that there are chapels and cathedrals of
the Bulbian faith that would be extremely illuminating to visit during your
time there!

Jet: I do not want to make this a pilgrimage to 17 different chapels.

Ruby: No.

Jet: I've seen every chapel I need to see for my entire life.

Caramelinda: You've seen the one chapel!

Ruby: Yes.

Jet: Yes, so many times.

Ruby: A lot of times.

Jet: He always wants to bring us there.

Lapin: My queen, I will have to make a very rigorous schedule for this trip
with events—

Ruby: [crosstalk, to Amethar] We’re gonna ditch this guy, right?

Amethar: [crosstalk, to Ruby] Hell yeah.

Ruby: Okay, great.

Theobald: I will also help make the schedule, and...

Lapin: It is very strict and we will see everything.

Jet: I want to go to gift shops.

Ruby: Yeah, can we go to the gift shops at the, the, the chapels at least?

Caramelinda: If there are—

Lapin: There will be no time.

[cast laughing]

Brennan: Wonderful. You guys finish your luncheon, and the festivities of the
Saint's Day of the twin princesses begin. Awesome revelry, it's like, no one
parties like Candia. The huge huge candy fireworks, arcane fireworks that
smells sweet. The smell of like, hot cookies and a sweet smelling breeze of
like, ginger and chocolate. You see, like, hot spiced cocoa comes out in thick
horns of striped candy, people swing them down. There's a dancing, the
Tartguard all do these high kicking line dances, and dance along the
battlements.

Jet: Theobald, get out there. Dance with them.

Theobald: This is ridiculous.

Amethar: Theobald, I order you to dance.

Theobald: Yes, my lord.

Murph: I go out and I do— [dancing, vaguely reminiscent of Kugrash’s hairy
baby dance]

[laughing]

Ally: It's a dance.

Siobhan: It's the same dance!

Ally: It's the same dance!

Murph: I lock eyes with the king.

Theobald: Is this what you want sir?

Amethar: Yeah, I'll take it.

Brennan: You see, the lady, the lady of Whipperly approaches you. Has like a
tall spiraled whipped cream hairdo, like a light blue dress that's, and she
says,

Lady of Whipperly: [fancy, upper-crust British] Ah, my lord.

Amethar: My lady.

Lady of Whipperly: I understand that you shall be creating your envoy for the
trip to Comida. How very exciting.

Amethar: Yeah.

Lady of Whipperly: I'll be more than happy to pick up the slack, should you
find yourself missing from this place.

Brennan: And you see that Lord Swirlie, who's like a little ice cream headed
guy who says,

Lord Swirlie: [nasally, upper-crust British] Very good indeed, it is your
Majesty the king. I'm wondering who shall be where and, how, how forth, the,
the coming envoy. It seems rather exciting to travel to Comida.

Amethar: What? What?

Brennan: You see that Calroy leans over to you and says,

Calroy: Your Majesty.

Amethar: Yeah.

Calroy: All the underworld's about to break loose if we don't come up with
some kind of list of who's going and who's not going.

Amethar: To, to Calor, to—

Calroy: Comida, yes.

Amethar: Yeah. Those people just want to, does everybody want to come?

Calroy: I mean, it's a chance to broker alliances with all the other various
lords. An event like this comes around, literally once in a lifetime.

Amethar: Yeah, who do you, I mean, Cal, who do you think we should bring, I
mean?

Calroy: I would leave all of these, esteemed lords and ladies in Castle Candy,
if I would be honest. Your Majesty, you don't want to be emperor, do you?

Amethar: No, no, no, not really, no. I mean, I don't know. The queen was going
on and on about the peace and everything. That Candia is doing, of how well we
are, and like how important that is, and, I mean. I must- I feel like I'm
supposed to. So I, I mean like, if I'm supposed to, yeah, I'll do it, but.

Calroy: I don't think it will behoove the six kingdoms of Calorum to have an
emperor that does what he thinks he's supposed to, and objects, subjects
himself to a life of misery. But, that's my two cents, and I'm not going to
gainsay the queen. What I will say is, I think that, if you want a hand
putting the envoy together, I'm happy to help, but ultimately, I think you
should take who you wish. As long as the princesses are safe, and you have
people you trust with you, you have Lapin, you have Sir Theobald who's—

Lapin: Did someone say Lapin?

Amethar: Wait, where the hell did you come from?

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Calroy: Lapin, we're discussing who should go on the envoy.

Lapin: Oh, yes.

Calroy: I understand that if you have more than 30 warriors at arms, we need
to request an imperial guard to travel on the Sucrosi Road. So, I would say
more than 30, and we end up at some bureaucratic paperwork. But, I think a
well-armed guard is worthwhile.

Amethar: Yeah, let's do, yeah, we'll do that.

Calroy: All right, but yes, I think, bring who you wish.

Amethar: Okay, I know but I like that ice cream guy.

Calroy: Lord Swirlie?

Amethar: Yeah, tell Lord Swirlie he can come.

Calroy: Wonderful, we'll bring Lord Swirlie.

Lapin: Hmm.

Calroy: You have some trusted servants as well. There's Licorina Loghead is
one of the handmaidens of the princesses.

Amethar: Yeah she, yeah, she can come.

Calroy: And the, Sir Theobald's squire.

Amethar: Yeah, yeah, Theobald’s—

Calroy: Limon.

Amethar: Oh, Limon, yeah, yeah.

Calroy: Do you want me to just put this together, and—

Amethar: Yeah.

Calroy: All right.

Brennan: He nods and says,

Calroy: Very good.

Amethar: Make sure everyone is fun, you know.

Calroy: Make sure they're all fun?

Lapin: And I just wanna see we’re sure on the ice cream man?

Amethar: I mean, yeah, he's funny, he's, he's funny, like I don’t know. I feel
like, if we get him drunk, it'll be like a good time. So—

Lapin: Okay.

Calroy: I think it'll be best to, obviously, if the chancellor went. Do you,
I'll put it this way. I'm happy to go with you if you would like someone to
lean on if you, if you can't remember names you’re supposed to remember.

Amethar: Cal, you’re coming with.

Calroy: I'm happy to. I'm also happy to stay here if you would like a friendly
face here in court while you're gone. But I leave it in your careful judgment.

Amethar: The queen can do it. Cal, you're coming with me, all right. You've
always been there. I've watched you shit and piss. All right, we've talked
about this.

Calroy: We did. All right.

Lapin: What happened?

Calroy: He shit and pissed himself in the trenches of war.

Lapin: Hmm, yes.

Calroy: Lovely. Then to Comida on the morrow. I will get my good pants and
we'll make a trip out of it.

Amethar: The good pants.

Calroy: I like a nice pants. You know, when your whole body is a slice of
cake—

Amethar: Yeah.

Calroy: You need to real— all the fashion kinda lives below the waist.

Amethar: I can't wait to see you in pants, you know, in your best pants. Bring
your best pants.

Calroy: [raising his eyebrows] Your Majesty, is that a challenge?

Amethar: That's a challenge.

Calroy: Then I only have one night to get the best pants that Candia can
produce!

Brennan: You see, he points to one of his servants, and you see, he says,

Calroy: Archibald! The finest pants you can find!

Brennan: And you see that he, sort of wobbles off. Lapin, you hear a little
chiming of wind.

[Zac sighs]

Brennan: And you feel that something vital has broken.

Lapin: Oh no.

Zac: Lapin goes out to, he like, pretends to like, circle around the party,
but makes his way outside to where the Sugar-Plum Fairy area is.

Brennan: The sugar-plum stones stand silent in the grove. Go ahead and give me
a Stealth or Deception if you would like.

Zac: Deception for sure. I got a 15.

Brennan: Anyone who's like, in the same area as Lapin can give me an Insight
check. Was that 15 you said?

Murph: Fuck.

Ally: My Insight?

Emily: Insight? 16.

Ally: Oh, 16.

Lou: 11.

Brennan: Cool, just Jet and Liam. You guys are hanging out, you are, you two
are over, and you see that Licorina, who's got a giant log of licorice for a
head, she's going like,

Licorina: [Midlands british, Samwise Gamgee-like accent] Well right you are
then, ma’ams. And I'll tell you this right now, we'll be aside to go on the
road with you. I'll get all of your best doublets and your best tights and
such, a nice harlequinade look. For the circus you’s like so much. Now, I'll
tell you this. Comida is full of the handsomest young lads and lasses you ever
did see. But last time I was in Comida, I'll tell you this, your Highnesses,
we had ourselves a parade through them young lads and lasses. It were a right
hurricane.

Jet: I'm ready for a parade.

Ruby: I’m gonna parade myself through—

Licorina: But you need—

Ruby: — a lot of lads and lasses.

Licorina: You'll need to be drinking plenty of water, and keep yourselves fed,
cause it can get exhausting. Now, I say that as a common folk. I'm not sure
how the rules work for your Royal Highnesses.

Ruby: Oh, we're common people.

Jet: Yes.

Ruby: Everybody is a common person.

Jet: Truly, the garb we may wear may be royal, but, the blood in our veins is
as common as you get.

Brennan: Liam and Jet, you guys see Lapin, just kind of like, let himself out
of the party, through an outer gate.

Jet: [quietly] That is so weird.

Ally: I think I go look.

Brennan: Cool, you follow, great. You follow along, you see Licorina says,

Licorina: Now, about your last couple of lessons you gotta do before you can
join your own party--

Siobhan: I distract Licorina, cause I see Jet wants to leave.

Emily: Okay, and I kinda, scoot away.

Brennan: Cool, where's Jet scoot?

Emily: I'm scooting to spy on, to spy on Lapin, because I figure, if I can get
him in trouble, maybe he won't come and make us come to lots of chapels.

Brennan: Each of you guys, give me a Stealth check. And I need a, actually no,
you're just going to do passive Perception. What's your passive Perception?

Zac: Passive, oh, 13.

Ally: 15.

Emily: 25.

Brennan and Lou sputter, impressed.

Emily: That's my expertise, baby.

Brennan: So you guys scoot along, you guys see each other and you begin to
sneak through the woods after Lapin. You guys are shadows, totally unseen.

Ally: Okay.

Jet: Enter my shadow.

Liam: Okay.

Brennan: You see that Preston goes,

Preston: [snorts]

Liam: Shh. Be quiet.

Jet: [whispering] Can I touch him, by the way?

Liam: [whispering] Yes, of course.

Jet: I've always wanted to, thank you.

Liam: He's really nice.

Jet: Oh my gosh. He's so cute.

Liam: Isn't he?

Lapin: I'm walking through—

Brennan: You walk through, you arrive at the standing sugarplum stones.

Liam: Fuck, I broke that earlier.

Zac: Lapin, just, very exhaust, in a very exhausted way, like, bows to it. And
then looks at the cup. It's broken. He doesn't have Mending or anything, but
we'll try to like, put it together, like, organize it in a way, to respect it.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me, yeah, just give me a little flat Charisma
check.

Zac: 12.

Brennan: Cool. You like, sew it together with a little piece of sugar. It's
still very cracked and broken, but you put it back down. You see that lavender
runes begin to glow in the deep purple of the sugary stones. And, you both
watch this hidden behind a tree off in the shadows, and you see, appearing
before you in the center of the circle is a floating image of a beautiful six-
winged fairy, sugar-plum leaves, sort of Tinkerbell leaf dress over her form,
and these long lavender dragonfly wings, three on each side. You see that she
has like, two beautiful indigo eyes, and then, almost like an insect, up to
each corner of one, two like, lavender eyes. But they're each sparkling and
beautiful. She looks like, gorgeous, but like alien and terrifying, [whooshes]
appears.

Zac: Lapin, he can tell that there's like, a little bit of disrespect to this,
waits a beat and then, like, sort of bows in like a, I have to do this kind of
way.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: [gentle, distinguished] Good chancellor.

Lapin: Hello.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I'm sorry that I could not move upon your sweet little
teacup. The ward, the Count of Freezyberg broke it while traveling through
these woods.

Liam: [quietly] Shit.

Jet: [whispering] That's you, right?

Liam: What is that?

Lapin: He broke it.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: He is a sweet boy.

Lapin: What would you like of me now?

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Well, I took the opportunity of a broken cup to see you come
to my glade, as you are traveling to a place that will not keep my standing
stones.

Lapin: I will do my best to be careful in absence of your standing stones. I…
Is there any advice that you have that you, is there any, it feels like you
want—

Liam: Are they exes?

Lapin: —me to—

Jet: I do, I am getting a bit of a will they, won’t they.

Liam: I'm getting a vibe, right.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Lapin, you need not worry or fret. There is great danger
ahead. You are leaving the kingdom of Candia, and with it, my realm of
influence. You go now to a place where only the Bulbian Church holds sway.
Luckily they believe you to be a member of their Church.

Jet and Liam look at each other in shock.

Lapin: Technically, I am.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Technically, you are.

Lapin: But, I know we both know that there are other things at work.

Jet: This really sounds like exes talking to each other, right?

Liam: Yeah, it's like, hey, how have you been, in like the most painful way.

Jet: We both know there's a reason it didn't work out.

Liam: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I would caution you this: there are dark forces at work. Be
wary. Boldness will be required in the days to come, Lapin.

Lapin: Are you… In the past, I have done what you have asked of me, in an
official capacity. Are you asking me to do anything right now?

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Oh, clever rabbit.

Liam: What the fuck.

Jet: This is kinda hot.

[Ally laughing]

Sugar-Plum Fairy: No, Chancellor Lapin, I'm not asking for my third wish.

Jet’s jaw is dropped in shock.

Zac: Lapin just nods.

Lapin: So I will be careful, and I will be bold if necessary. What does that
mean?

Sugar-Plum Fairy: It means that, though there will be great risk awaiting you,
the risk will be greater if you do not act. Boldness and caution alike will be
needed to survive the coming challenges.

Lapin: Are you sure that this family is worth such boldness?

Jet: [offended, whispering] He's talking about my family!

Brennan: You see that she looks at you and says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I would not have used my second

wish to bring you to them, if I did not believe it was important.

Lapin: Okay.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Lapin, keep your wits about you. Protect the king, and
protect the princesses, or else all is lost.

Lapin: The cup is probably gonna break again. I don't know if you need me to
do anything about that.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Do you not know the Mending cantrip?

Lapin: I happened to, well, it's just kind of one I don't have.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: But you have a lot, right?

Lapin: I have a couple of other things I could— Light [waves hand].

[magical chimes]

[laughing]

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Well, we're gonna have to work that out if you want Mending,
we have to work that out.

Lapin: [sighs deeply] Okay.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Very well Lapin, and you see that she floats down, gives you
a little kiss on the cheek--

Lapin: [flatly] Okay.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I know you don't like me very much, but you have been a
very, very good servant.

Lapin: I will take that, and take my leave.

Brennan: [whooshing] The light fades from the standing stones, and Lapin, you
walk back to the castle, great.

Jet: Liam—

Liam: Whoa!

Jet: Methinks we have a mole in our midst.

Liam: That's crazy. So he? So what?

Jet: He's basically working for the Sugar-Plum Fairy as some sort of servant.
He doesn't even believe in the Rocks family. He's only here as a, as a, in
servitude to someone else.

Liam: Ah, yeah.

Jet: We gotta tell Ruby about this.

Liam: Okay. What are you into?

Jet: Me? Fighting mostly.

Liam: Oh cool, actually—

Jet: What about you? Oh, seeds, seeds.

Liam: Yeah, a lot of seeds. Actually, I had a question. You have a lot of
books, and I wanted to get a book where I can put all my flowers in it.

Jet: Oh yeah.

Liam: Like a pressed flower book.

Jet: Do you want one that's, like technically illegal in this, in this empire,
or like—

Liam: Not necessarily. Actually, not necessarily.

Jet: Yeah, I've actually gotten—

Liam: It's just for flowers. It doesn't need to be illegal.

Brennan: [laughs] You guys are arriving back at the castle, as you do, you
guys get back to see Ruby there.

Jet: We definitely fill Ruby in on all of this.

Ruby: Holy crap.

Jet: Yes, Lapin is a mole.

Ruby: That is, we're gonna use this.

Jet: Yes.

Ruby: This is gonna be really fun.

Liam: That person had so many eyes.

Ruby: Really?

Jet: This, you're gonna like this. This information is like a seed that we can
choose when to harvest.

Brennan: Any of you can make a Religion or a Nature check if you'd like.

Ally: Oh yeah baby.

Emily: Religion, Nature.

Ally: Hot 7, with my Nature bonus.

Brennan sputters.

Emily: 1, 2, 3, 4.

Siobhan: I got a 21.

Ally: Thank you, thank you.

Emily: Good thing we told Ruby.

Brennan: Cool, what skill were you using?

Siobhan: History. Yes, History.

Brennan: History, okay. Not Arcana?

Siobhan: You said History or—

Brennan: No I said, I said Religion or Nature.

Siobhan: Oh, I thought you said History. I mean, even so, I rolled an 18, so.

Brennan: It's high.

Siobhan: With Arcana, it's plus five, it's like, better.

Brennan: Oh, so we'll do Arcana. The Sugar-Plum Fairy is a powerful spirit of
the Sweetening Path, which is like an animistic religion native to Candia.

Ally: I know that right, because my mom is super into that.

Brennan: Yeah, your mom is like a druid and shaman of the Sweetening Path.

Ally: Hippie, kinda, love it, yeah.

Brennan: So, what you know about the Sugar-Plum Fairy is, it is, the Sugar-
Plum Fairy is a protector guardian spirit of Candia. And the legends about the
Sugar-Plum Fairy are not that she is evil.

Ruby: Oh. Yeah, Sugar-Plum Fairy is cool. Honestly? [behind her hand] I think
that the Sugar-Plum Fairy is like, much more interesting than Bulbian stuff.

Liam: No, I do too. And you know what? People who are Bulbian don't like the
Sugar-Plum Fairy. They're very militant about their religion.

Ruby: But like, Sugar-Plum Fairy is fine about Bulbians. It's like a one-way
street.

Jet: If anything, the fact that he was talking back to the Sugar-Plum Fairy
and reluctant, makes me think that he's a bad guy who's being whipped into
shape by the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Ruby: Oh, yeah, I'm on board with still not liking him.

Jet: Yeah.

  
Ruby: Agreed.

Brennan: Morning arrives the next day, and the envoy of King Amethar of the
House of Rocks sets out. You've got your herald, you've got Licorina, and
Limon, a bunch of Tartguard. You see Limon says,

Limon: Oh well, I suppose it's just as good as anything, I should be sent and
banished to Comida.

Ruby: Limon, you don't have to walk next to your horse. You can ride the
horse.

Limon: No, the horse would be insulted to carry me.

Lapin: Limon, I, I've just heard word that the ice cream man wanted to talk to
you at the back of the caravan.

Limon: Surely it’s to beat me around the head and shoulders with a cudgel.

Lapin: Sure.

Brennan: He goes to the back.

Ally: I love you playing an asshole.

Brennan: You see that Sir Toby is actually gonna remain here to go take care
of those problems. He's going with Sir, like, Amanda Maillard and other sort
of the queen's champion and other knights to go deal with, brigands and stuff
like that, and like, to get a win for the Knights of Gumbar. So you're taking,
you know, like, a score and some of Tartguard with you, to protect, who are
technically, the Tartguard are the people you command, and they are, like,
royal guards basically.

Theobald: Toby, you sure you can't come? Just these, not that there's anything
wrong with these guys. They seem—

Tartguard: [laughs] Dance, dance, dance.

Jet: Theobald, it's so good to see you amongst your people.

Theobald: [rubbing the bridge of his nose] Yes, we are all one. I command
them.

Brennan: You see that he sort of nods, and he says, right, well, he says,

Toby: My lord, I'm sorry, but I should stay here with the Knights of North-
Gumbia to lead them and try to settle this matter in the West Cake. What I
shall also say is, I would bewares with traveling, that there are some wanted
signs. You've heard of those, the, that, sugarless chocolate Warlock out
there, sort of, patrolling around the borders of Candia. There's some wanted
posters out there Sir. Just keep an eye out, if you get a chance.

Jet: Bittersweet dark-nips, right?

Toby: Bitternight Darknibs, yes.

Jet: Bitternight Darknibs.

Toby: I know that the Fructeran nobles in the border regions are very adamant
that we do something about that. So, if there's an opportunity to capture her,
that would be very well and good. Otherwise, there, there is a commander who
should be waiting to escort you past the border of Candia.

Brennan: You see, he takes a little message out and says,

Toby: Commander Constano Grissini, of the imperial army, should be waiting
there with a troupe of imperial Ceresian infantry to escort you to the capital
city.

Theobald: Excellent.

Toby: Your Highnesses, fair wind and good fortune on your path.

Jet: Thank you. I feel as though I'm finally stepping into my destiny. I hope
you feel the same. It feels really good.

Ruby: Yes, everybody should have a destiny. What's yours?

Jet: What's yours?

Toby: My destiny?

Jet: Yes.

Toby: The Bulb above knows only. I am but a humble servant.

Lapin: [mildly suspiciously] Yes, of course.

Toby: Yeah. For sure.

Lapin: Yes, of course.

Theobald: Yes.

Toby: You're right.

Lapin: Yes, of course.

Theobald: What are you..?

  
Toby: It sounded like you… We're all good, all right. Fare thee well.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: And you see, he heads off. You guys get in your caravan and head out,
so like there's like an advanced guard of about, you know, you have an
advanced guard, and there are scouts posted, yadda, yadda, yadda. You guys
head off and you begin to journey away from Castle Candy for the first time.
Down the multi-colored rainbow, Sucrosi Road, you tra—

Emily: I link pinkies with Ruby.

Emily and Siobhan make nervous faces.

Brennan: The chocolate chip hills of Cookieshire roll, the grass grows up by
the side of the road, the pink and fuchsia grass. You guys start getting to
like, the borders of Candia, where you can even like, see like, ah, is that
like a fruit growing on a tree? As like the landscape starts to change. As you
guys are traveling along the Sucrosi Road, what are you guys all, like, doing
in this brand new land you've never seen before?

Siobhan: I'm definitely standing on the saddle of my horse, just doing
arabesques, as soon as we got out of sight of the castle so that our mother
couldn't see us—

Brennan: So you actually are not traveling with horses. You guys are traveling
with meeps.

Siobhan: Oh? Oh!

Emily: Oh.

Brennan: Giant marshmallow legless birds—

Siobhan: Oh, I love them!

Brennan: —are pulling the, are pulling the carriage along. So you have three
armored carriages, your squires and stuff, so there, you wouldn't be riding
anything. So you can either be like, in one of the carriages—

Siobhan: Oh, in which case, I climb out of the carriage and I'm standing on
top of the carriage, doing tricks on top.

Emily: I think, I've got one hand on Ruby to give her a help action on
anything that she needs to do.

Zac: I think I'm giving, probably talking to some straw people inside the...

Emily: No, at this point, at this point, I'm present with you.

Zac: Oh, okay.

Emily: And I'm keeping an eye on you.

Zac: Yeah, so, Lapin I'm sure is talking about the history of Fructera.

Jet: Lapin, I have a question.

Brennan: Are you like, leaning out the window and holding?

Emily: Yeah.

Jet: Lapin, I have a question. Have you ever heard of the Sugar-Plum Fairy?

Siobhan: Oh, I hang my head in the window upside down.

Ruby: Yeah, have you even heard of the Sugar-Plum Fairy?

Lapin: I think we have, yes I've heard of it I believe—

Jet: I just wanted to know more about it. Forgive me.

Ruby: We were doing some history reading.

Jet: Yes.

Ruby: Because we want to study.

Theobald: I think, lesson number one, let's not talk about Sugar-Plum Fairy on
the road. Let's practice that now. What do we think?

Brennan: Is Sir Theo in the carriage with them as well?

Murph: Yeah, I'm just there. I think I have my other arm out, holding Ruby on
the other side.

Jet: I've got her. You don't need—

Theobald: You don't have her.

Siobhan: I'm fully, like, horizontal, just holding onto the window, but
horizontal, out of the side of the carriage.

Brennan: Lovely.

Lapin: So, I know that places, they might not be too fond of ideas of other
religions, like Fructera. They may not like stories of the Sugar-Plum Fairy or
other religion. Just so you know.

Jet: Okay.

Ruby: We were just interested, from a historical point of view.

Jet: Forgive me, I'm a young, I'm a young, budding mind.

Ruby: I guess we're babies, tiny babies.

Jet: Cursed with the curiosity.

Lou: Can I ask Liam to ride with me in my carriage?

Brennan: Sure, absolutely.

Ally: Yeah, I think I'm like, I'm so good at direction and finding where we're
going, that I'm just kind of like, trying so hard not to backseat drive
whoever's leading this caravan. I'm just like,

Liam: That was a wrong turn. This is gonna be—

Amethar: But was it a wrong turn? I mean, I'll make them, we'll make them turn
around.

Liam: No, no, it's a, it's like, yeah, it was, I mean we can just cut up here,
and, I mean, we wanna run perpendicular to the cola.

Amethar: Yeah.

Liam: So that we hit it quicker.

Brennan: As you're sort of saying, like, we wanna run perpendicular to the
cola, you actually look are you guys, is your carriage different, so that--

Lou: I think the, that, I get like, Lapin and I'm not riding with Lapin.

Brennan: Yeah, so, so you guys are in the front carriage and you guys are in
the middle carriage. And you look up ahead, and you see one of the Tartguard
looks around as you round the little bend of the corner and goes,

Tartguard: Your Majesty, it looks like the advanced guard might have missed
this. A tree has fallen in the road. We need a moment to clear it.

Amethar: Okay, [to Liam] next time you’ll drive, [loudly] okay, yeah, let's
take a minute, if anyone, yeah, clear the road.

Jet: I could take a piss break.

Theobald: We should check this and make sure this—

Brennan: You take 16 points of damage.

Siobhan: I'm dead.

Brennan: Your, it takes 16 points of damage

Siobhan: 16 points of damage? I’m fully dead.

Murph: Wait, I wanna use a—

Brennan: You are surprised and can't use reactions.

Murph: Fuck!

Brennan: You take 16 points of damage, and something else happens to you,
which gives you an immediate failed death saving throw.

Emily: What!

Brennan: I'm gonna need everybody here to roll initiative.

Ally: What!

Siobhan: The fuck!

Ally: No!

Murph: Oh, 'cause you're outside.

Zac: Yeah.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay. You guys holding onto Ruby's ankles, feel her collapse—

Murph: [slams the table] Fuck! [nat 1 sound]

Brennan: As you hear, on the sides of the carriages, you hear, [arrows hitting
wood] as the carriages stop in front of the fallen tree. That's all for this
week on A Crown of Candy.

Siobhan: What the fuck!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 2: Ambush on the Sucrosi
Road](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQhNtM5qNvfjlpumT4iYAC47RkRwiT8rsx_bI73eBGFiYgDfnw1_tuqxuJ-
PiRnHaHHq5HtmTXcQE4q/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647609255751&usg=AOvVaw1P6Hxhm1gpx_1WNSCwwiYS)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

Theobald: Oh my god, the princess has been shot!

Zac: Why are you doing this?

Emily: I don't feel, I feel trepid.

Brennan: Traveling through the borderlands of Candia, and we leap into battle.

Jet: Heal my fucking sister or everyone knows!

Amethar: Careful archers, somebody clear the road!

Lou: I rip my shirt off—

Brennan: You take the Horn of Candia, [imitates explosion booming]

Lapin: We are all going to die.

Brennan: It's gonna be a Box of Doom roll.

Siobhan: Bitch!

Lou: Jesus.

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew#2131

Edited by: matthew, tevildo, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxs98qn-
jLaLcwZzQJv8Dv1gMDoY3I5xW34yKRx3OQli46MmRXqGfASwV2nNngtEuxIKtSUxBseW3XsmgQ:0)

Episode 2: Ambush On the Sucrosi Road

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; and Zac Oyama as Chancellor Lapin Cadbury

Episode 2: Ambush on the Sucrosi Road

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSjZuF4PeyhFDeoxlHU3jPhM5UBkpg2DMacQzj-
CWDtmn23ym2rHEwGj3ryvXgdH3vbDawMTILkDDvo/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647612571263&usg=AOvVaw393MLErzf_eM7__Mj_la6R)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQM4WxyUg0mCsoSdXDNHcOsylwVlrOThP7fS-
PEspvA9kxbBtZT6FXiigTD9mjtqWoQ36NHaY4-_bsB/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647612571710&usg=AOvVaw1ubctbL8OuLjtikBYE0nHm)]
>

(upbeat music)

Brennan: Hello one and all. And welcome back to an exciting episode of A Crown
of Candy. I'm your humble Dungeon Master Brennan Lee Mulligan, with me as
always are our intrepid heroes. Say hi intrepid heroes.

Ally: It's episode two.

Siobhan: Brennan already killed me.

Ally: I'm already exhausted.

Zac: Why are you doing this?

Emily: I don’t feel— I feel trepid.

(Brennan laughs)

Ally: I feel trepid today.

Emily: I feel trepid.

Brennan: Today I feel trepid. The caravan of Candia's diplomatic envoy to the
capital city of Comida, is well on its way down the Sucrosi road to meet their
Imperial escorts to go to Comida at the behest of the Concordant Emperor,
Gustavo Uvano. The emperor has grown sick and has called on his old friend
Amethar to come, because, according to the laws of the Concord, he must choose
an heir from the head of state of another nation, in order to keep the peace
between the six kingdoms of Calorum.

On your way… You're traveling through the borderlands of Candia. Peppermint
trees, you see the Sucrosi road and its many bright colors stretching ahead of
you. It is a beautiful Fruitday on this, the 23rd day of Highbright, getting
into almost late summer.

As you're traveling, Liam and Amethar are talking, the Herald is keeping
company up in the front wagon. Liam, you're talking about keeping alongside
the Cola River and, getting along with Amethar, talking about the geography of
Candia, which of the things that a King should know about his land, geography
is actually probably one of the ones that Amethar knows pretty well. You've
fought the length and breadth of Candia.

And as you're talking, Liam, you just get a weird sense. Preston kinda pokes
up and looks out for a second. And you just hear a little (arrow whooshes) and
you hear, (arrow thunks) into the walls. The wagon behind you… Theobald, you
look out at a bright sunny field. It's a Fruitday, it's not Bulbday, it's not
the Sabbath. And you look at a beautiful farm field with no farmers working.
And you hear word of the fallen tree up ahead blocking the road. And Ruby,
you're doing an incredible acrobatic handstand, your feet in the air, and you
feel--

Emily: The supportive of the hand of her sister?

Brennan: The supportive hand of her sister. In the middle of your acrobatics,
you suddenly feel a sharp tug, and something moves. And the information comes
backwards into your head. Immediately you're like, my head's wet and hot. And
you can't swallow, and you tumble, (thuds) hitting your head and shoulders as
you tumble onto the roof of the wagon, and something else painful thuds deep
into your ribs. And it lets you know that the first thing that hit you, is an
arrow that has gone through your throat.

Ally: Yeah. Fuck!

Brennan: You immediately lose consciousness collapsing onto the roof of the
second wagon. And here's your mini. [laughs]

Emily: How can you do that? How can you say you're dead, and here's your mini?

Lou: What the fuck?

Murph: You sick--

Ally: Here was your mini?

Siobhan: Can I dig up some of this ground to fucking bury her?

Lou: Who taught you etiquette dude?

Siobhan: You fucking piece of shit.

Brennan: I don’t know, If you’re lucky you’ll get to take an action.

Siobhan: God. Well, she looks great—

Lou: Wow!

Ally: You are sassy today, you are sassy today.

Brennan looks into the camera, winks and starts shimmying.

Lou: My man is sassy, don't dance.

Emily: Don’t you shimmy!

Lou: Don't you shimmy.

Emily: It's okay Ruby, I got you Ruby.

Lou: How am I supposed to—

Emily: My sister shall not fall.

Brennan: As you feel, again, just hot, wet, soaking into the top of your
doublet, the lights go out in your eyes and you are in inky blackness, and you
feel yourself letting go of a bar on two ropes behind you reaching out for the
next bar in the trapeze. (blows) And you see it floating out in the darkness
and you're not sure if it's coming towards you or moving away from you. And
you hear a voice in your head say,

Voice: (whispering) Ruby, bring it towards you.

Brennan: (blows) As you are flying in midair, and we leap into battle. We are
going to—

Theobald: Anybody think it's weird that there's no farmers out there?
(shouting) Oh my God, the Princess has been shot!

Brennan: (laughs) We are gonna start at the top of initiative order with Liam.
Liam, you are in the front wagon. We're gonna take the little top off of this
bad boy here. You got a little meep out in front, meep. (squeaks)

Ally: Cute.

Brennan: Feeling very frightened—

Emily: Don't call them cute, they will kill us.

Brennan: (laughs) (threateningly, to the camera) Nothing's cute.

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah these, motherfuckers are not cute.

Zac: These are cute.

Ally: These are--

Siobhan: They are really cute.

Emily: Fine the meeps are cute, as long as they don't turn on us.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second. I'd like to present to you, Liam Wilhelmina
of the House Jawbreaker.

(cast cheers)

Ally: Oh my God, pretty in pink!

(laughs)

Lou: Look at that peppermint.

Ally: Oh my God, yup, and he’s got a bottle.

Emily: What about the piglet? Show us the piglet, the people demand piglet!

Brennan: Oh and of course, how could I forget, Peppermint Preston!

Ally: Yes!

Siobhan: The hero of the day.

(cheers)

Ally: (excited) Oh my God! (drops the Liam mini and its head falls off)

Brennan: We also have the Herald.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Oh, you've smashed your head off right away.

Emily and Murph look shocked.

Murph: Oh no!

Ally: I’ve smashed my head off immediately. Very sad.

Lou: What a thrill.

Ally: Can I get a little bit of gum?

Emily: This does not bode well!

Ally: Can I get a little bit of gum?

Siobhan: Wow.

Emily: (yells nervously)

Brennan: We're just gonna gum it right now, real quick, and then we'll keep
your head on there. I must also present, because in the wagon with you is the
herald, Poncival Pishpuff, and King Amethar Rocks.

(cheers)

Lou: Oh, I wanna be mad at you, but it's very hard to do so.

Siobhan: Oh my God, look at the cloak.

Lou: God damn, look at my sweeping cape, my beautiful crown, oh! I'm fucking
ruthless, dude.

Siobhan: You’re a beast.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Absolute beast mode.

Brennan: Go ahead and place your mini there. Liam what is it, you are in the
carriage, you are first to act. What do you do?

Ally: All right. You know what I'm gonna do?

Brennan: What's that?

Ally: Okay. So where am I? I'm with the King.

Brennan: You're in this first carriage here, the door is at the back.

Ally: And where… Okay, cool. Okay. I guess we'll put little Liam in there,
right?

Brennan: Yeah. Or if you're gonna move, you know—

Ally: I'm gonna lead… Preston moves on my turn probably?

Brennan: Yes, Preston moves on your turn.

Ally: Okay, Preston is gonna take the help action and just kinda hang in there
and I am going to move...

Brennan: There's a little door leading to the seat at the front. There have
not been drivers for these carriages, because the, the meeps were being hand-
led by soldiers.

Emily: (concerned) Wait, are the meeps in danger?

(Ally chuckles)

Brennan: Everyone's in a lot of danger.

Lou: There's no time to worry about the meeps.

Siobhan: Don’t think about me! Save the meeps!

(Emily laughs)

Ally: I'm gonna, can I lean out the front? Can I duck and take cover at the
front and shoot out the front?

Emily: (crosstalk, to Siobhan) You would say that, Ruby.

Brennan: You absolutely can. If you try to lean out and not like square up and
occupy a square, you will take disadvantage on the attack. But because Preston
is giving you advantage, it'll just cancel out and be a straight roll.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: And you will have cover, which means anyone trying to attack you will
have disadvantage.

Ally: Okay, great. Yeah, I'm gonna do that. So turn that way and I'm gonna aim
for this guy right here.

Brennan: Right there? Awesome. Go ahead and roll your attack.

Ally: Okay, I'm also gonna cast Hail of Thorns to add to this attack.

Brennan: Ooh, awesome. Hold on one second.

Lou: (clicking) Let’s go.

Ally: And this is just a bonus action. So I just… It's a normal attack?

Brennan: This is a normal attack.

Ally: Hey, there we go. That is a 24.

Brennan: (reading) The sprouts from your ranged-- in addition to the normal
effect of the attack the target of the attack and each creature within five
feet of it must make a Dexterity saving throw. A creature takes 1d10 piercing
damage on a failed save. Hold on, I do have to do this actually. (rolls) Ooh!
Awesome. So go ahead and roll damage for that one. Your Hail of Thorns. So
your bolt splits in mid air into a little storm of candy cane shards.

Ally: Uh huh.

Siobhan: Sick.

Brennan: That actually, reveals a hidden opponent there, who screams out and
also takes 1d10 damage.

Siobhan: What the fuck?

Ally: Heey!

Siobhan: There's invisible guys here? I'm dead, I'll shut up.

Emily: What the?

Lou: Okay. I'm sorry.

Zac: Invisible?

Brennan: Go ahead and roll your crossbow damage.

Ally: Okay, this is just the normal crossbow damage, which will be 11.

Brennan: 11, great.

Ally: ‘Cause I added plus 6 for a favorite enemy. And then this is for each of
them for Hail of Thorns.

Brennan: That is, yes. Oh yeah. A creature takes-- let me see. In addition to
the normal effect the target and each creature within 5 feet-- Yep, absolutely
go for it.

Ally: So 11 plus 2. Okay, so that's 13.

Brennan: 13, or it's a … I think they just take whatever you roll in the d10.
So what did you roll on that d10?

Ally: Oh, just a 2. So the other person takes their 2 and the first person
will take 13.

Brennan: 13, and then, seven ... will just take 2.. So you've revealed another
enemy and, (blows) You see, You just like lean out and you're undercover,
you're lying sideways through the front carriage door, (pops) And fire out of
your crossbow. Quick thinking from Liam. Then that's going to be Jet, that is
your turn.

Emily: Okay. So my hand is on Ruby's ankle.

Brennan: Correct.

Emily: And I feel Ruby's normally flawless form, go uncharacteristically limp.
So I rip her into the carriage.

Brennan: Okay, I'm going to need an Athletics check for you to be able to do
that.

Emily: What about Acrobatics?

Brennan: This is Athletics, but I'm going to set the DC, this is your sister,
I'm gonna set the DC at 10.

Zac: Theobald is holding her too, right?

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Brennan: You did say you were holding her, but this is a DC 10 Athletics
check.

Murph: Fuck!

Emily: I failed.

Brennan: You lose your grip on your sister.

Emily: What? Okay, I'm gonna turn to Lapin, and say,

Jet: I know that you're working with the Sugar-Plum Fairy, so heal my fucking
sister or everyone knows.

Emily: And then I'm gonna just—

Lapin: Listen, what?

(laughs)

Theobald: What's going on right now?

Lapin: Hold on.

Jet: Yeah. Heal my sister or I will tell everyone about the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Emily: And then I guess, can I … do I have enough to try and jump onto the—

Brennan: That Athletics was a free part of your movement. If you wanna just
move up onto the—

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna jump… I wanna move up and then cover her body with
mine.

Theobald: (groaning) Oh Jet.

Emily: Cover her body with mine, and then use the Locket of the Sweetest,
which is a friendship locket between me and Ruby to give her bonus, to give
her advantage on her next saving throw. So I cover her since we're twins, I'm
fully a shield mirroring—

Ally: Oh, fuck.

Brennan: Princess Jet of the House of Rocks, here's your mini.

(Emily yells)

Lou: Oh, gosh.

Emily: In a world full of color, black is really all the colors together.

Lou: Oh, damn. Oh! Love the braid.

Brennan: Cool. So I'm gonna get you a little bit of… You leap up onto the roof
of this carriage. (air whooshes) You take a little red lollipop heart that has
been broken in half and it fits perfectly together with Ruby's Locket of the
Sweetest Heart. You hold it, it glows. And the necklace around Ruby's neck
glows. Ruby has advantage on her next saving throw—

Emily: And I'd also like to lie on her just precisely so that my body is
exactly her frame so that I absorb anything else that comes her way.

Brennan: Cool, I will say that you're using your movement to get up there and
‘cause it's difficult terrain, but you climb up, you have plenty of movement
to do that, and then you're using your action to give disadvantage to anyone
trying to attack Ruby.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Cool? That is Jet.

(Emily and Siobhan hold pinkies and giggle nervously)

Brennan: Licorina sees you jump up there, she runs over here, takes a dodge
action to hide, Limon—

Lou: Oh, I didn't see Limon.

Brennan: Rushes here and takes a weapon out, he's like,

Limon: (exasperated) Oh no, oh no they've come to kill me finally.

Theobald: Yes, they have. Kill them, Limon.

Brennan: 5, 10, 15, 20. Master Dippins, Who I don't think we've met yet, but
Master Dippins is the royal fool, runs to engage this guy.

Lou: Go ahead, Dippins.

Murph: All right.

Lou: Go off, Dippins, go off.

Dippins: (gruff voice) Well, right then, look like we've got some bad
customers. (jingling)

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: And trundles off with a pack of stuff on him. Cranberry is gonna rush
over onto the other side of the meep and try to grab the meep, that is the
servants. Ruby, at the beginning of your turn, I need you to make a death
saving throw. You are going to—

Emily: With advantage!

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Emily: Oh.

Brennan: It's possible for you to roll two nat ones. Not likely, but possible,
which means that your character would die this turn. So this is gonna be a Box
of Doom roll.

Siobhan: Bitch!

Emily: (laughs) You gonna Box-of-Doom our girl in the second episode?

Brennan: You got 2d20 there?

Siobhan: I got 2d20.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me your first death saving throw.

Lou: (sing-song) Jesus!

Siobhan: Two 13s. Two lucky 13s! (gives peace signs)

(Emily cheers)

Brennan: That is a success. You have one failure and one success.

Ally: Great job. Are these all archers too? Among these trees back here?

Brennan: Yes. You saw, they were firing crossbows a moment ago. Ruby, in the
inky blackness—

Siobhan: Mm hmm?

Brennan: What do you do as you're moving towards the trapeze?

Siobhan: Can I cast Mage Hand?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Siobhan: To grab the other trapeze and like, bring it towards me?

Brennan: Yeah. You reach out with a little bit of Candian magic and grab the
trapeze, and you see that the edges of your vision begin to turn like, indigo
and violet. It's not inky blackness anymore. And you see a pair of eyes on the
horizon. It's like deep purple eyes flecked with turquoise. And you see, they
sort of smile at you, they sort of crease and wrinkle at the side. And you
hear a voice say,

Voice: You are gifted in the ways of the arcane. Seems that my brother has
made quite a family for himself.

Ruby: Are you my aunt?

Lazuli: Take good care of my bow, you'll have use for it.

Ruby: (gasps)

Brennan: And you are now whipping through onto another swing and can feel Sour
Scratch over your shoulder here. That is going to move along and be... the
Tartguard!

Murph: Come on, you idiots. (laughs)

Brennan: He's just gonna rush over here. He's gonna take—

Emily: Don't use the tickle blade.

(giggles)

Murph: Real swords, gentlemen.

Lou: Real swords.

Brennan: Okay, that is gonna be… Hoo! You see that Quincy in the back runs up
and says,

Quincy: Kill my friends! Well, you'll not kill our good time. (slaps)

Brennan: And then skewers him with the sword.

Lou: Yeah!

Brennan: This guy’s gonna go rush back over here to this dude, gonna attack
with disadvantage over the wall. That's gonna be-- Oh, that's actually a hit.

Lou: Come on Wincy!

Brennan: All right. And then this Tartguard is gonna turn around and try to
stab this dude, and misses. (air whooshes) That guy ducks. You see The
tartguard says,

Tart guard: You shall not destroy the Royal family of Candia, haha!

(Emily giggles)

Brennan: That's the Tartguard. King Amethar, that is your turn.

Lou: Okay, great. Can I start by making a Perception check from the cover, Can
I make a Perception check, attempt to see any more, to see how many enemies I
can clock on this battlefield?

Brennan: Give me a Perception check.

Lou: All right. (rolls his die across like half the table) Oh, missed. Don't
care, (chuckles) It's 19.

Brennan: It's 19?

Lou: 19. Hey baby, it's battle sense time all right? Amethar's game.

Brennan: Oh my God. Hold on a second. Yeah, a bunch more appear.

Murph: Jeez.

Siobhan: (gasps) I knew that this was not enough.

Brennan: You clock this dude right here.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: That's eight.

Emily: Are they all archers on the field right now?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: I think these guys are all.

Siobhan: There’s a guy with a mace over here that has like a helmet.

Brennan: So you spot a bunch of archers crouching behind the wall that are
poking their head up as they reload. And one more combatant out here. Also
with the 19, you spot this guy right here. You see him— he's speaking in
Carnish, but there's something wrong. Do you speak Carnish, sorry?

Lou: Uhhhh... no.

Brennan: So you don't understand what he's saying, but you see he's basically
only like,

Combatant: (speaking gibberish in a French accent)

Brennan: And like speaking some—

Emily: Carnish?

Brennan: He is speaking Carnish.

Emily: Nooooo.

Brennan: You hear him. He's speaking bad Carnish. And as you look at these
guys—

Jet: It’s a ruse! I knew that my Carnish heroes wouldn't do this.

Brennan: Oh, you see weird like, turkey skin baldhead, they look like they had
turkey or chicken skin heads. But they stink and are lrotting, and you smell
rotting fish and meat. The arrow through unconscious Ruby's throat is made of
pure bacon steel. So it's like, charred meat arrow, in her neck. But
something—

Jet: I don't think these are Carnish.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Cool. That's everything you know, but you see this guy shouting
orders.

Lou: Great, I pop out of the… I immediately kick the fucking back door open.
Scream,

Amethar: (yelling) Watch out for archers! Somebody clear the road!

(laughs)

Lou: I rip my shirt off, I'm going to charge. Is this okay if I come out the
back?

Brennan: Yeah. Sure.

Lou: One, two, three, four, five. Can I get all up in that guy's business?

Brennan: You can absolutely get all up in—

Emily: That's the guy who is shouting the orders?

Ally: No, the guy next to him.

Siobhan: Yeah, one away.

Brennan: One away. But you get to that guy in one span of movement.

Lou: Great. I rage, which means that anyone within 10 feet of me takes 2
damage.

Ally: Oh, that’s another guy.

Lou: And then I'll swing on him.

Brennan: Anyone within two feet of you takes 2—

Lou: Or 10 feet, excuse me. Yeah.

Brennan: As you do that, you hear two screams and you unlock the last two.

Lou: Great.

(Emily laughs)

Ally: Last two, thank God.

Murph: Good job.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Okay.

Theobald: Very perceptive, my lord.

Amethar: (chuckles) Hey, it's game time, all right?

Brennan: Okay. So that's 2 damage to everyone within 10 feet of you. Hold on
one second.

Emily: I think I'm whimpering, and whispering everything that's happening to
Ruby as if she can hear it.

Jet: Dad, you should see dad. He's just, he's such a beast out there.

(Ally giggles)

Brennan: Okay. Go ahead and take your swing at number eight.

Lou: Is that the guy underneath the--

Brennan: Yeah. You see that there's a… Yeah, go for it.

Lou: Great. Cocked nat 20?

Brennan: Yeah, that's a 20. We're gonna call that a 20.

(everyone cheers)

Lou: Okay, let's kick it off right!

Brennan: First attack of the campaign. So that's gonna be 4d6.

Lou: 4d6. Ah, let's go. Oh, come on.

Zac: Oh my God!

Lou: 5, 6, 7. 7 plus 8, 13.

Zac: But you doubled this?

Brennan: No, no. You just double the dice.

Lou: Yes, I double the dice. So yes, 5 plus 7 plus 8. 15 right? 7 plus 8 is
15?

Brennan: 7 plus eight is 15, yes.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: And then is that counting rage damage or not?

Lou: That is counting rage damage.

Brennan: Oh, and is that counting your aura damage?

Lou: That's not counting my aura, well, my aura damage I already declared.

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: That was the 2.

Brennan: That's the 2.

Lou: Then this is just the physical attack.

Zac: So 17 total?

Lou: So yeah. Anyone who was within took 10, and then that guy takes an extra
15.

Ally: So he just took 25.

Lou: No.

Brennan: No no 15, he's taking 17.

Lou: He's taking 17.

Brennan: You rush up, you see this guy. And as you bring Payment Day low,
whoa! You take the horn of Candia, splash yourself with cola and the pop rocks
of your body, (fizzling, fireworks) and this aura of flame... The leaves of
the peppermint trees catch fire as you rage, you level Payment Day, go for
this guy's head and he swings out of the way just in time for you to clip his
jaw, he is knocked down. However, as you hit him with that high Perception
roll, you (impact sounds) his jaw goes slack on his head. You smell a stench
of stinking cheese.

Emily: Oh ho ho!

Amethar: What?

Jet: Fucking Dairy Islands marauding as the meat.

Amethar: What the fuck?

Combatant: (spits)

Brennan: And you see, leaps to engage with you, that's your action bonus,
action and movement. That is King Amethar. That is now going to be their turn.
(upbeat music) Okay.

Emily: (to Murph, quietly) What did you get?

Murph: A 1.

Emily: Yup.

Brennan: None of these guys get advantage from hiding on the King who has
spotted all of them. And the ones he didn't spot, he set on fire. (laughs)

Lou: Hurrah!

Brennan: One, two—

Lou: Now this happens. This is the cost of being badass.

Siobhan: This is what you're made for.

(Brennan moves opponents closer)

Siobhan: Shit.

Brennan: Okay. But thankfully they don't get advantage on him.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: This guy takes a disengage—

Lou: From Dippins?

Brennan: From Dippins to go over and close with you. So that's gonna be…
That's five attacks on you.

Zac: He gets to attack and disengage?

Brennan: Yes, he does.

Zac: You mean they're rogue?

Siobhan: Gotta be, right?

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: I think for the high, they beat a 19 Perception—

Emily: Dairy rogues.

Lou: So their Stealth must've been crazy.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: (tosses dice)

Emily: In another world, I might learn from them.

(Ally laughs)

Lou: Not all five can hit, no crits. Not all five can hit, no crits. (puts
hands together in a triangle symbol)

Siobhan: No crits. (puts hands together)

Emily: No crits. (puts hands together)

Zac: No crits.

Emily: No crits.

Lou: Bless us great Bulb in the sky, no crits. (raises hands up in ‘prayer’)

Emily: Great Bulb in the sky. (raises hands up) (laughs)

Ally: Oh Plum Fairy. (hands together in prayer)

Lou: No crits. All I ask for is no crits.

Ally: Please no crits.

Brennan: Three hits.

Lou: Three hits?

Brennan: Three hits from whatever these marauder assassins are—

Emily: You're raging though, right? Can you half—

Lou: I'm raging.

Brennan: And then we're gonna get an attack here. And that is a full miss from
the captain.

Lou takes a deep breath of relief.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Hold on a second. And now I'm just gonna roll this.

Siobhan: Get out of here, dang fly.

There is a fly whizzing around the air near Murph and then Brennan’s heads.

Brennan: However you see that the captain, barks an order in Carnish, goes
like, (speaks gibberish). And you see that, the two that missed instead hit.
You get hit five times.

Zac: Whoah.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: Hold on one—

Lou: And I'm the one who thinks I asked the Bulb not to, you know?

Siobhan: Yeah. Alright, Bulb.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Bulb, I see you.

(threatening, ominous, music)

Brennan: You take, (dice clatter) 15 halved to 7.

Zac: With one attack?

Brennan: 9 halved to 4. 13 halved to 6. 13 halved to 6. 9 halved to 4. You
guys watch your father, you're up on the roof, you watch your father the King
rush out into combat, bark orders to the Candians. And immediately you see
that all of these marauders turn, surround and begin to grab the cloak. There
is no honor to this combat, they are trying to murder your father. We're gonna
go over here with our archers.

Ally: Where are you at?

Lou: 10.

Ally: (whistles)

Brennan: Okay, these two are gonna take a shot at Liam, hanging out of the
window. They get disadvantage. That's still gonna be a hit, but there's no one
within 5 feet of you. So that's just gonna be, Liam takes 7 points of damage,
all attacks miss Jet.

Emily: (sighs in relief)

Brennan: This guy is gonna take a shot over here, 16... 6 and 2 is 8. This
Tartguard right here gets shot but does not go down. And then this last one
right here is going for that Tartguard. He's going to disengage, back up, take
a shot, and miss. And now we're gonna roll a bunch of Stealth checks.

Ally: Huh. Okay.

Siobhan: Oh, they can go re invisible? Shit.

Brennan: Vanishes. (blows) Doesn't vanish, just ducks down behind the wall.
None of them do and, dah, dah, dah vanishes. These guys here, are going to…
No, they have nowhere to hide. They're in direct melee with you. Okay,
Amethar, at what health is the king at?

Lou: 10.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: Are you—

Lou: I cannot survive another round like that.

Brennan: Okay, that is now going to be Lapin's turn.

Zac: Okay.

Lapin: Oh, fuck this.

(chuckles)

Theobald: Rivalries aside, rivalries aside. Let's make sure no one dies.

Brennan: And in fact, I'm so sorry. Oh, this over here (places a house
statue), let's get our last minis out.

Emily: Oooooh!

Murph: I'm so nervous.

Siobhan: The lads!

Brennan: Chancellor Lapin Cadbury.

Siobhan: Go lads.

(cheers)

Ally: Careful, I was so nervous about this fight I dropped mine and it did
break immediately.

Zac: Oh my God.

Brennan: And Sir Theobald Gumbar!

Murph: Yeah!

Lou: Oh, hot damn.

Ally: Oh, that's so sick.

Brennan: And then my favorite mini, Sprinkle!

(cheers and squeals)

Siobhan: Oh, I would die for him.

Emily: A most vicious stead.

Theobald: Look alive, Sprinkle.

Sprinkle: (squeaking)

Lapin: (deflated) Oh, great. Oh, bother.

Brennan: Cool. Theo, you're in there, Sprinkle's in there as well.

Murph: I accidentally sat on Sprinkle, that's why I was so slow.

Brennan: (chuckles)

Zac: And I am in there.

Brennan: You're in the back of this? Yes. (air whooshes)

Zac: Okay. I think Lapin is trying to consult the Sugar-Plum Fairy quietly to
himself. This is chaos. And then I think he's going to poke out the top, and
cast Cure Wounds on Ruby.

Emily: Yes! (claps)

Brennan: Okay. You're gonna have to get up onto the roof to do that. ‘Cause
it's a touch range spell.

Zac: Cool. Couldn't just like, crane out with my pole? (giggles)

Emily: I mean I'm up there, maybe my body, he could use my body like a ladder.

Siobhan: He's not allowed to touch you like that.

Emily: (laughs) Use my body like a ladder!

Zac: I don't think I can—

Brennan: You're not a spry old fellow. I'm gonna say, just give me a DC 5
Athletics check. But that does mean you need to roll a 6 or higher.

Zac: Athletics?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: Okay, I have a minus one 1, 11.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Haaa!

Brennan: You manage to clamber up onto the roof, as you do so, you are able to
cast Cure Wounds on Ruby. Go ahead and cast it.

Zac: Okay, Cure Wounds, what do I do?

Brennan: 2d8 plus Charisma modifier.

Zac: 2d8, cool. Wait, d8?

Brennan: That’s a d8 yeah, you picked it.

Zac: Oh, great, (unconvincingly) I know.

Ally: Aha!

Zac: I know.

Ally: We're all so flustered.

Zac: 7, 8!

Emily: Ooh!  
  
Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: 15, oh you're at full?

Emily: I look at Lapin and I say,

Jet: Thank you.

Lapin: (forcefully) Get out of here.

Brennan: (laughs)

Zac: And then I'm going to, because I am a warlock of the Celestial Patron, or
the Sugar-Plum Fairy, quietly, I'm going to also use my bonus action to cast
Healing Light and give the king a d6.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: Ooh!

Lou: Thank you.

Zac: So, that is basically all I can do.

Emily: C'mon 6, 6, 6.

Zac: 5. So you get 5.

Emily: That was a powerful round of healing.

Ally: Yeah.

Lapin: We are all going to die.

(All laugh)

Brennan: Yeah, he was— Cadbury gets up there, and everything looks very
Bulbian, it's all like glowing yellow light.

Zac: Oh, can I make a—

Brennan: Make a Deception check.

Zac: Deception check to try to make it, okay.

Brennan: Yeah, make a Deception check for me.

Zac: [laughs] I still got a 14.

Brennan: You guys see Bulbian light, but you two right next to Lapin smell
sugar-plum.

Ruby: Ooh, it smells good.

Lapin: It is not— look, I know that you think you know something, but that is,
there are a thousand bigger fish to fry.

Jet: Lapin, you just did exactly what I asked, you have my silence.

Lapin: (exasperated) Oh, god. Okay.

(Brennan laughs)

Ruby: What happened?

Jet: You’re back!

Brennan: You wake up prone and you see that in fact, there's a little wisp of
Sugar-Plum Energy as you feel the bolt break in your throat and pop out either
side. (blows)

Ruby: Oh, bacon, licorice, pretty tasty together.

(Ally and Brennan laugh)

Jet: I know, yeah.

Brennan: Before Theo goes, you hear a voice say,

Calroy: Stay inside!

Brennan: And Lord Cruller leaps out of the back of the wagon, says something
to the Tartguard there, He… I might make a Perception check for him to see
what he's able to notice. As this is happening, he sees Amethar. He looks over
at you, draws his saber and says,

Calroy: Your majesty!

Brennan: And starts booking it after you. He's gonna go (counting tiles) 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, 6.

Lou: (seeing Calroy’s mini) Oh, he did put on nice pants!

(All laugh)

Ally: He did!

Siobhan: Calroy’s pants rule.

Ally: They’re striped.

Lou: He wore fantastic pants.

Brennan: He is going to get to here, which is a full 30 feet of movement. Take
a bonus action dash,

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Roll up here, take a swing. (upbeat music) You see he runs up and the
captain barking orders. He goes,

Calroy: Aha!

Brennan: And slashes across his back, leaping into battle with you. Dope as
hell. That is going to be Theo.

Ally: Theo!

Murph: Sweet… My God, everyone is in trouble. Okay. I am going… Okay, these
archers are a problem but the King's over here, my God, this is the worst. I
will… Okay. So she just popped back up, you’ll get an opportunity to move.
Okay, I'm going to run in and attack this guy and join the King.

Brennan: Cool. So you're gonna go 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30.

Murph: Yup.

Brennan: Right here, cool. Great.

Murph: And then I will use Green Flame Blade, cantrip.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: And then I am also going to use Sprinkle to do a help action and give
me advantage on the attack.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Nat 20!

Ally: Nat 20!

(cheers)

Emily: Two nat 20s on the first attack!

(cheers)

Players: (chanting) Crit! Crit! Crit!

Lou: We need it.

Siobhan: Yep.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: Okay. That's 13 damage. And then, green fire leaps from the target to a
different creature of my choice that I can see within 5 feet. Second creature
takes fire damage equal to my modifier. So my modifier’s plus 2 for
spellcasting.

Brennan: Okay, so you're dealing 2 damage to one. How much damage did you do
to the first one?

Murph: What did I say? 8, 13.

Brennan: Are you dealing the first damage to the guy on your right or left?

Murph: Have any of these guys taken damage?

Lou: They've all taken—

Brennan: They've all taken 2.

Murph: Okay, so I will just do it on, the one closest to me and then I'll get
the guy next to him too. It's hard to see around these bushes.

Brennan: Okay, gotcha.

Ally: When you crit does that add extra to it?

Murph: I did roll an extra d8.

Ally: Oh, got it yeah. Cool.

Murph: I just used a longsword to—

Zac: That guy already got hit with two that you hit, right? Or was he, did he
get hit by the splash, his aura?

Ally: Oh yeah, the 10.

Brennan: Yeah, everyone—

Zac: I think it's two, actually.

Brennan: Pretty much everyone here has, a lot of people here have been hit by
the king's aura.

Murph: And then actually, why not? I think I'm gonna see if there's a bonus
action I can do, but I think oh, and then here's what I'm gonna do, I'm going
to... range 30 feet. Who's the toughest looking motherfucker?

Brennan: You see the Lord Cruller just came out and slashed a guy that looks
like he's barking orders at these guys.

Murph: Sweet. I'm going to cast as a bonus, oh wait, this is, does this… So
this is from my sword, I have an ability that lets me cast Compelled Duel
bonus action?

Brennan: It is a bonus action.

Murph: Does that count as a spell or can I do it? ‘Cause I've already cast, oh
wait, no I did.

Emily: You cast a cantrip.

Murph: Sweet. I'm gonna do Compelled Duel on that guy, try to get him to look
at me.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Murph: And then I'm gonna do Action Surge.

Brennan: Hoo hoo hoo!

(Emily cheers)

Murph: And I'm gonna keep wailing on the same guy.

Brennan: Sir Theobald!

Siobhan: Out the gate.

Emily: Surge Theobald.

Brennan: Okay we'll deal with Compelled- If you're taking the same attack, go
ahead and give me the attack first.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So this is just a, this is not Green Flame this is just a regular, oh
no—

Murph: I might as well yeah, I'll do it again.

Brennan: Yeah. Go for it, do it again. Yeah yeah yeah.

Murph: Basically get another turn. Does Sprinkle get to help me again or
Sprinkle’s out?

Brennan: No, this is a straight attack.

Murph: Alright. 25

Brennan: You hit, my man.

Emily: (whooping)

Lou: That's my fucking knight, right there! That's my knight.

(Brennan laughs)

Murph: 11 damage.

Brennan: To, are you doing to the guy—

Murph: Same guy I hit. And then 2 again to the guy next to him.

Brennan: To the guy next to him, gotcha. You rush over, hold on one second
here, and then I'm gonna roll a saving throw for the marauder captain here.

Murph: Right on. Gotta beat a 12.

Brennan: He does have to beat a 12. What ability is that?

Murph: It's a Wisdom saving throw.

Brennan: It's a natural 1.

(cheers)

Theobald: Duel me, 1v1 me. Have you no honor?

Brennan: You guys actually see— I'm gonna take a second to talk about this
because Lapin hoists himself up onto the roof.

Lapin: Ah-ha!

Brennan: Raises Ruby, the sugar-plum magic breaks the arrow- So these are like
your two guardians, the advisors to the king. Rush up, throw healing energy at
the king, as Sir Theobald explodes from the wagon. This little sprinkle
chasing behind like a loyal hound. You take Swirlwarden, the Suckershield in
your left arm, Battlepop the Broadsicle in your right, it glows with freezing
orange energy. As you leap forward, you rush up and in a flurry of strokes
with your sword, you behead this cheese brigand here, this freezing orange
light, singes the eyes of the ones standing next to you. And as you level your
sword at the captain and say to him, "have you no honor?" He looks at you and
you see his eyes go goofy orange and purple swirlies, (bubbles) and you see,
he goes,

Brigand: (weird French accent) I do have honor.

Brennan: And levels his weapon at you. Compelled Duel is in effect.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: Awesome.

Ruby: Are these guys cool? Have these guys been cool this whole time?

Liam: I like them.

(laughs)

Jet: Yeah, I gotta be honest, like—

Lou: Theobald, how much damage did you do?

Murph: I think I did, I did like 13 or something on the first attack and like,
or 15 on the first attack and like 11 or 12 on the second thing.

Lou: Okay, thanks.

Siobhan: Sick.

Brennan: Okay, awesome. Liam, that's gonna be your turn.

Ally: Okay. I would like to pick up Peppermint Preston, kiss him. We have a
drill where he gets in a really small ball and I hide him.

(Brennan laughs)

Ally: He gives me the help action and I'm going to pop out. And first, can I
track my enemy? I feel like I'm really good at that. Can I see where the
second guy is?

Brennan: You can give me a Perception check like Amethar did for free.

Ally: Would it be advantage?

Brennan: It would be advantage ‘cause these are your favored enemy.

Ally: 18, yeah.

Brennan: Oh, you spot everybody.

Ally: Yeah okay, cool. So where are they?

Brennan: All these dudes pop back up, hold on a second, seven and nine. Yeah,
seven is right here.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: And then nine is back down over here.

Ally: Okay, cool. So I'm gonna pop out and I'm gonna cast Hail of Thorns again
and have my crossbow and try to hit, the same one that I hit before.

Brennan: Hell yeah, so that's gonna be number one, all the way down there,
dope. Oh, go for it. Go ahead and roll attack. This one has advantage because
Preston is getting you the help action.

Ally: Okay, cool. Okay, it's 23.

Brennan: Oh, awesome. You definitely hit. Go ahead and roll damage for the
crossbow, just first.

Ally: Okay. Just the flat d10. so that's, 11.

Brennan: Okay.

  
Zac: You hit that twice, right?

Ally: Huh?

Zac: You hit that guy twice already, alright?

Ally: Yeah. This is my second time.

Brennan: And now they roll for Hail of Thorns, it's a Dex save I believe,
right?

Ally: Yeah, Dex save.

Brennan: They both fail.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: Hell yeah, Liam.

Lou: Hell yeah, Liam. Hell yeah.

Ally: So this is, we should, I roll the same d10 for both of them?

Brennan: Same d10 for both of them, that's right.

Ally: Ooh, 5.

Brennan: You guys see Liam, this like, scrawny little woods kid pop up, you
come sideways out, you're holding your crossbow level to the ground for
accuracy, but it's sideways to you ‘cause you're sideways and you nail this
guy through the head, tearing his mask off. Stinking runny cheese oozes out of
the hole you left with your mint arrow, dead. And, 5 damage to the guy next—

Ally: And then I still have my movement, right?

Brennan: That's correct.

Ally: Okay, I am going to, would I take an attack of opportunity if I ran from
there into the tree that's down?

Brennan: No one's taking a ranged attack of opportunity on you. So you—

Ally: Okay, yeah, I'm gonna sprint and duck and be behind that.

Brennan: Cool, so you used 10 to sort of duck out and duck back and then it's
five—

Ally: Oh, can I go out the front?

Brennan: Oh, yeah. So you can go that's 10, 15, 20, 25, 30 is your movement
there.

Ally: Mmm...

Siobhan: Do you wanna be here?

Zac: Can you get closer to the king?

Ally: Yeah, I wanted to hide closer to the—

Brennan: Get closer to the king? So we can go—

Ally: No, not closer to the king, I'm trying to get behind that, on the other
side of that fallen tree.

Brennan: Oh, gotcha.

Ally: Could I make that?

Brennan: Yeah, actually you know what? Give me just an Acrobatics check.

Ally: Sure.

Murph: Tuck and roll.

Ally: Acrobatics, oh yeah, plus 4. Oh, yeah. 23.

Brennan: Oh, baby. Yeah. You got full cover behind here as you leap behind
this fallen tree.

Ally: Ok, cool. Awesome.

Brennan: Dope. That's now going to be, that's Liam, Jet, that's you.

Emily: Okay. I want to join the fray here. Can I go after this guy? Is that,
am I close enough?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Acrobatics check.

Emily: Okay. 16.

Brennan: Hell yeah. So you're gonna go, hold on.

Emily: So I'd like to jump up and attack this...

Brennan: Yes, you're gonna go--

Emily: Actually I can attack this guy cause--

Brennan: 5, 10, 15, 20 yeah, you can--

Emily: Actually I wanna go for this guy.

Brennan: If you land right in this spot over here. Let's get you right through
here. You see your sister standing up,

Emily: I say,

Jet: Ruby, you got this.

Ruby and Jet do air kisses to each other.

Brennan: (laughs) You do a full like swan somersault twirl in the air, bam!
Land next to Sir Theobald, go ahead and—

Jet: Hey, Theobald.

Emily: I'm gonna use this superiority die, cause I'm Martial Adept and do a
feinting attack on this guy. So I go, and then I get a advantage on attacking
him.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it.

Murph: Whoa, sick feint.

(Ally chuckles)

Emily: Does a 23 hit?

Brennan: A 23 sure does hit.

Emily: Yes bitch, and I have sneak attack cause he's within 5 feet?

Brennan: You sure do.

Emily: Okay. 17!

Brennan: 17 points of damage?

Ally: That's crazy.

Murph: I'm about to admonish her until I see her just skewer the dude.

Ally: Yeah.

Theobald: Oh. Okay.

Ruby: Fuck him up!

Brennan: Yeah, you see this blade, (air whooshes). This is your first time
injuring a living person. You feel the feeling of this sword (air whooshes)
follow your willpower, you see where you want it to go, with a flick of your
wrist and a steady stance, you bury this sword through the back and out the
front of this brigand attempting to kill your father.

Emily: Is it a killing blow?

Brennan: It is not a killing blow.

Jet: Theobald I told you, you need me to teach me a killing blow!

Theobald: I'm sorry, that was really good.

Brennan: (laughs) How is Jet feeling this moment? The first time that she has
ever attacked a—

Emily: She feels alive. She takes a little bit of the blood and goes, (slurps,
sighs) (wipes blood across her face)

Theobald: Okay, good job Jet, but also—

Amethar: That’s my girl!

(Brennan laughs)

Theobald: Alright, everyone relax!

Jet: (excited, out of breath) Pops! Pops!

Amethar: Yeah, I know!

Jet: It rules! This rules! I could do this like, all the time.

Theobald: To defend the kingdom, yes, for Candia everyone, defending
ourselves.

Amethar: Murdering for Candia!

Theobald: No!

Jet: For Candia! Ruby!

Brennan: Okay, you see Limon rushes over here,

Limon: Sir, what should I do?

Theobald: Attack someone!

Limon: Which? Who? Which one?

Theobald: All right, why don't you just pull your shield out, stand by the
cart and wait for Ruby to jump down and just kind of help her out.

Limon: You got it, sir.

Brennan: Rushes back to the cart. (Zac chuckles) Master Dippins crawls up into
this tree and disappears.

Zac: There's a dude right here. Could he attack the guy that was, I mean,
just—

Brennan: Theoretically he could. Yes.

Zac: Okay. Yeah.

Brennan: Cranberry is just sprinting into the woods.

Ally: Master Dippins is, who is that?

Lou: He's the fool.

Brennan: He's the fool.

Ally: Oh yeah, that's why it sounded familiar.

Brennan: And, he's just running, Cranberry Tallcake is running away.

Tallcake: I've had enough of this.

Brennan: That's going to be Princess Ruby.

Siobhan: Great. So I would like to yell to Limon.

Ruby: Hey, stand real strong.

Siobhan: And I'm gonna jump on to stand on his shoulders. (Emily laughs) so
that I have—

Ally: Stand real strong.

Jet: That's right you foes, you're getting a free show, you don't even know!

Siobhan: So I have height and advantage on shooting,

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: And then I would like to, so this guy that seems like the boss guy
that's giving everybody orders, I would like to shoot my once a day Grasping
Arrow at him.

Brennan: Ooh, awesome. Okay. Hold on. (stacks the figurine of Ruby on top of
Limon)

Lou: You're actually doing this?

Siobhan: Oh my God. I'm so graceful.

Lou: What a wild world we live in, dude.

Murph: Oh!

Emily: We could sell tickets to this!

Brennan: Incredible. You land, you have, for balance, you have one toe on his
head and the other tucked up, so like your knee up to your waist. And you see
Limon stands steady and says,

Limon: Well, I knew it wasn't gonna be too long before I got kicked in the
head.

Brennan: And you see… Cool. Go ahead and make your attack.

Siobhan: And that's with advantage, right? Because I have—

Brennan: Yeah, you have height advantage.

Ally: Oh, it rolled so many times!

Emily: You might still though.

Siobhan: 14?

Brennan: 14 does not hit.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Jet: You look great though, so much more going on.

Siobhan: I'm still shaken from my—

Ally: From your death?

Siobhan: From my death. All right, and then, so I'd like to take the rest of
my movement and stand on this side of the cart, so all of these archers can't
hit me.

Brennan: Ooh, okay great.

Siobhan: ‘Cause these guys are focused on this stuff.

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes. You jump away from Limon, over to this side of the
cart and he goes,

Limon: I'm happy to be of service, Your Highness.

Ruby: You stood very strong, thank you.

Limon: Okay.

Ruby: (to herself) Wobbled a bit. That's fine.

Brennan: Okay, that is Ruby. That is now going to be the rest of the
Tartguard.

Lou: All right Tartguard.

Murph: All right everybody.

Brennan: This guy runs over here.

Jet: Theobald, do you train with them?

Theobald: You know, they're kind of newer recruits. I tried to train them.
They really like tickling each other. (laughter) You try to not tickle,
generally—

Lapin: They might just get us all killed.

(Emily laughs)

Lou: Will try to not tickle.

Brennan: Ooh.

Jet: Did you teach them the killing blow?

Theobald: I did, but they just use it to get into really good tickle spots.

(Emily chuckles)

Brennan: (dice clatter) Whoa! Okay.

Lou: Tartguard gonna fuck somebody up right now?

Brennan: They might! And then—

Lou: Ooh! Come through Tartguard, come through.

Brennan: Okay, yeah. You see this guy rushes over here and skewers this bandit
and says,

Tartguard: Havarti! A sweet ending for you my friend, Po ta!

Zac: He kill it?

Brennan: No, he does not kill him, just deals some damage. which for the
Tartguard is great. (all laugh) That's huge for them. Okay. That is the
Tartguard, and that is now going to be, King Amethar.

Lou: Okay, so check in. The captain is compelled to duel and then there are
three remaining who have eyes on me?

Brennan: There is one, two, three, four remaining that have eyes on you.

Lou: Where's the fourth?

Brennan: Tucked in under here. You've got three right over here, four here.

Lou: Hmm. Four, four, four, four.

Zac: Can you do your aura?

Ally: And you also have the cake guy.

Murph: We have one that me and Jet have messed up—

Lou: Have messed up real good.

Murph: You do a ton of damage, you might—

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: Yeah, it might be wasted.

Murph: Might just wanna hit a fresh dude.

Lou: I'm gonna… there's one you've done a ton of damage to?

Emily: The one that I—

Lou: That you like skewered through? I'm gonna try and hit him and see if I
can kill him.

Emily: (gasps) Daddy-daughter bonding!

Zac: Does your aura go on every turn?

Lou: It's a bonus action. So I can choose-- if I hit and kill I'm gonna use my
bonus action for Great Weapon Master. Yeah, just a little strap for it. Great.
So I'll roll to attack whoever Jet, has put in work on, see if we can't daddy-
daughter this guy.

Siobhan: Yes.

Lou: That's gonna be, 25.

Brennan: 25 is a hit for sure.

Lou: And he did damage to me ‘cause all of them hit right?

Brennan: Yeah, all of them hit.

Lou: So 3d6. Oh, come on guy (rolls and misses dice box twice), come on guy,
there it is.

Zac: It's the same roll.

Lou: 7, 9 plus 8, 17.

Brennan: You turn around, you plunge the rapier in and literally feel your arm
holding this guy still. And as he cannot move with your sword through him, you
watch the entire top of his cheesy disguised head come off as you full back
bend to watch Payday swoop right past you as your father cleaves this guy's
fucking head off.

Emily: I pop up and I say,

Jet: That's a daddy-daughter special.

Amethar: That's a daddy-daughter special!

Jet: (holding out her sword, in shock) That was a daddy-daughter special.

Lou: And then I'll use Great Weapon Master to swing on-- Have any of the other
ones been injured?

Brennan: Well, all of them have been part… I'm trying to think if any of them
are super...

Lou: I don't think but they both, I'll swing for the one under the tree that
I--

Brennan: Oh yeah, Calroy fucked up the guy behind you.

Lou: Then I'll save him, I'll go for, let me go for 12.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: I'll swing for 12. No, let me swing for four.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: We'll go for four. Boom. Let's go 19.

Brennan: 19 is gonna hit.

Lou: Great, and that's 3d6?

Brennan: That is 3d6 again.

Lou: Let's go, oh come on guys. 6 plus 8, 14.

Brennan: 14 damage. That guy actually ran to join you, so he didn't get your
aura the first round, so you turn around and, (attacking sounds) he has like a
little like, what does he have a little poleax there? You hit the half of his
poleax split the weapon and body him and feel a bone crack as you just knock
him into the tree.

Siobhan: This cheese has bones!

Emily: (laughs) Oh, disgusting.

Brennan: (evil hand rub, speaking to the camera) There's bones in the cheese.

Ally: Eating cheese out of the bone at a barbecue.

Emily: I'm just picturing it, a bite of brie and in the middle, just like a
wishbone.

Siobhan: Oh, crunchy.

Brennan: Okay, that is Amethar.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Ooh! Okay.

Siobhan: Rules.

Lou: Hey dude, it's my family, it’s the fam right now dude.

Emily: (laughs)

Lou: It's a family affair.

Zac: I think Lapin has like, watched this guy be such an idiot for so long
that he's like a little finally—

Ally: Finally some pride.

Lapin: (thinking to himself) Oh, okay. I see. I see what he's about.

Brennan: Incredible.

Lou: I forgot about these dudes. I forgot they can move. I thought they would
just stay there, shit.

Brennan: Hold on, this is gonna be 10, 15.

Siobhan: Bitch.

Lou: Limon better get an opportunity attack.

Brennan: Oh yeah I’ll give Limon a little opportunity attack.

Lou: Come on Limon.

Brennan: Limon misses.

Lou: Damn it Limon.

Limon: Oh no, I failed.

Brennan: These guys are here going to both take a disengage. You hear this guy
barking at the crossbow man, as he goes to fight Theobald but he's basically,
you hear him go like,

Commander: (garbled, French-sounding noise)

Brennan: Speaks something in Carnish. You hear it's broken, bad Carnish: it's
“kill the king”.

Jet: Dad, they're coming after you. Their objective is to kill the king.

Brennan: This guy's here.

Jet: These dairymen marauding as noble Carnish .

Brennan: Three, four, five, okay.

Jet: To kill the King you must first come through the princess.

Brennan: So we're gonna settle this. You've gotten three melee combatants on
you still.

Zac: So they're gonna get sneak attack on their turn, right?

Brennan: This is their turn.

Lou: So these are the archers?

Brennan: Yes. Hold on real quick. So these are no, this is the melee we're
gonna cover first. Okay. Two hits from melee. That's gonna be 11 halved to 5.
Yeah, that's 11 halved to 5, and then 11 halved to 5 again. So 10 points of
damage just from melee.

Lou: Great, 5 HP.

Brennan: I’m going to roll some Stealth checks real quick. Actually, you know
what? No, cause they all took disengages or dashes to get within range. So
let's go one, two, three, do one advantage. That's a miss even with advantage.
Do three attacks from these guys. Oh, that's going to be two hits from them.

Zac: He's got 5 still?

Lou: I have 5.

Brennan: Yeah, it's gonna be two hits from them. And then this guy is
attacking with advantage. It's a miss.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: So two hits each of these.

Lou: Thank you Bulb.

Zac: Go down though.

Brennan: 12 plus two is 14, halved to 7.

Murph: I will use my bonus action Shield thing to take the damage for my king.

Brennan: You literally fucking secret service leap and take the arrow in the
fucking chest. You take the full 14 minus 3 for heavier armor master.

Jet: Theobald, take me on as an apprentice. Show me your ways.

Theobald: (laughs) If we live.

Brennan: Also you and Sir Theobald are fighting back to back here, as you leap
into the fray, the next one is still gonna come. So that's your reaction. The
next one is coming for the King still, 9, 11, 13 halved to 6.

Murph: Fuck!

Lou: Jesus, man.

Brennan: King goes down?

Lou: King goes down.

Brennan: King is—

Lou: So close to—

Brennan: You see all of these people with melee weapons, raising their swords
to coup-de-grace the king, to kill him on the ground. And then our captain is
going to, disengage and he's gonna come straight for Murph. (rolling dice)
18-- miss, miss. (Murph sighs) Yeah, you feel your heavy armor (clanks) your
shield whips up to catch the weapon. This spiked mace of this brigand leader,
bang, bang, and that high ass armor class comes in very handy. As you miss
both those attacks, that is them and then that's going to be Lapin.

Zac: Can I get to him the King in this turn? Can I jump down on Limon? And
then—

(Emily and Lou laugh)

Siobhan: I'm right below you so I could, like (holds her hands up as if to
make a foothold)

Zac: Can I go… Whatever the clearest line is to the king, I'm going.

Brennan: Give me an Acrobatics check.

Siobhan: How's your Dex?

Zac: It's better than my Strength. So...

Brennan: Gotta beat a 10.

Zac: I did not.

Murph: Fuck.

Zac: All right, I got a 7. Can I just take damage and do that?

Brennan: Yes. That's what's gonna happen.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: You take 6 points of falling damage. You're an old man leaping off of
a wagon.

Zac: Fuck!

Lapin: Ow! (cast laughs)

Lou: You're an old man leaping off of a wagon. That is what you are.

Lapin: I hate this.

  
Ally: That's the episode title.

Lou: Old man leaping off a wagon.

Brennan: I hate this. Cool, but you leap down, you have 15 feet of movement
left.

Zac: Can I get to him?

Brennan: You can. You can get all the way here to the king.

Zac: Okay, and I'm going to use a second level Cure Wounds on the king.

Emily: (claps) Ooh!

Brennan: That is your second and last spell.

Zac: My last spell. So that's it, except for, I have some other stuff for
healing, but mostly that's it.

Jet: Lapin, your secret is so safe with me.

Zac: 5, 5 plus my Charisma modifier?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: So you're healed for 14.

Brennan: You come back out, but you are out of rage for going unconscious.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: So the king is felled by an arrow. You don't even get all the way to
the ground. You get to one knee and Lapin, sails through the air, puts this
chocolatey hand on you and you are filled with a scent of sugarplum in your
nostrils.

Zac: And should I heal him more?

Lou: I mean—

Zac: Fuck, it would be very—

Lou: I can rage again on my turn—

Zac: On his turn but they're not, okay, so you're gonna go before they go?

Emily: He’s so powerful.

Lou: Yeah.

Zac: But yeah, if he just, he absorbs all the damage.

Zac: I go before they go.

Siobhan: I would give him one of your d6’s.

Murph: How many do you get a day?

Zac: I'll do this and then I have two more heals total.

Murph: So that'll be, that's like, so if three people go down, one of those
people is gonna die maybe.

Zac: Unless I can I Spare the Dying.

Murph: Okay.

Lou: Okay.

Ally: Can you use another spell?

Zac: No.

Siobhan: It's a cantrip.

Emily: I don't think it's a bad idea.

Lou: Do you have something else to give?

Zac: Wait what's the order again? So you're gonna go—

Lou: It's gonna go, after this comes. I think we get back to Liam, it's like
Liam and then daughters and then the sweet tarts and then me and then them.

Zac: Okay. So I'm just gonna let, I'm just gonna save it.

Lou: Yeah, I'm with that.

Zac: And yeah, that's the end of my turn.

Brennan: That is the end of Lapin's turn.

Lou: Good strat, good strat dude, play smart, play smart.

Zac: (in Lapin’s voice) I don't know if it was smart.

Lou: I mean we've got, I've got Cruller, I've got these sweet Tartguards.

Brennan: You see that, hold on one second. I'm gonna roll here. Nat 20 from
your boy Calroy! (cheers)

Lou: He's got his best pants on!

Brennan: Oh, you see that he… What, that's gonna be 6d6 from him.

Lou: What?

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Emily: Whadup?

Brennan: It’s a nat 20 and he's within 5 feet of an ally.

Murph: Hell yeah, dude.

Brennan: He's a little swashbuckle-y fencer.

Emily: (gasps) He's a swashbuckler?

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: Word up.

Brennan: You see, he looks at you and says,

Calroy: Nothing but the finest for my majesty.

Amethar: (chuckles) Pants make the man!

Calroy: Getting a little tired in your old age, you need to take a breather?

Amethar: Oh, you shut the fuck up right now!

Brennan: And you see he goes up through the back of the skull, bam! hits this
guy and knocks his helmet off and catches the helmet in his other hand and
goes,

Calroy: Souvenir for our trouble.

Jet: I'll be your apprentice as well.

Calroy: Your Highness, it would be an honor.

Brennan: And bows.

Jet: The honor is mine.

Calroy: Remember if we win without class, we haven't really won at all. (spins
the helmet)

Jet: Ooh, let me write that down. (frantically note-taking)

Brennan: (chuckles) That's gonna be Theo.

Murph: Sweet. (to Emily and Siobhan) Do you all roll with advantage on your
attacks for any reason?

Emily: No, I have to use a superiority die to do that.

Siobhan: If we're attacking somebody who's next to somebody though we get
sneak attack.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Concentration check for the damage you took for
Compelled Duel.

Murph: Right. Nat 1.

Brennan: Compelled Duel is gone.

Murph: Great. My bad.

Lou: It did everything it needed to.

Murph: I'm gonna go ahead and I'm gonna hand Sprinkle off to Jet to give a
help action to her. On her turn, she does more damage than me.

Sprinkle: (high pitched babbling)

Theobald: Sprinkle, help the princess.

Murph: And then I'm going to attack. Is anybody taking damage near me?

Brennan: I mean, pretty much everybody. You see this is you as... It's like
there's like white and pink blood spilling all over the grass here, it's a
bloodbath.

Murph: I'll just do, you know what? I'm gonna do Booming Blade this time. So
they'll take a d8 of thunder damage if I hit them on top of whatever else I
do.

Brennan: Oh, they only take it if they move. They don't take it automatically,
I think.

Murph: Oh, never mind, okay I'll do Green Flame Blade in that case.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: All right. 20.

Brennan: That's going to hit.

Murph: Okay. Fuck. 7 damage.

Brennan: Cool. This is just a dude right in front of you?

Murph: Yeah, and then 2 to the one next to him.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Murph: And then I'm gonna use a bonus action and Second Wind.

Zac: Oh, good.

Murph: Just to try to keep myself up a little bit.

Emily: You feeling that like—

Murph: Not great. I go back up for 5.

Brennan: Okay. So you're still injured. You've got the bolt sticking in, you
can feel the plates of your armor, your gummy armor, still clicking on this
bacon bolt. You guys are up in the mix now. Theo and Amethar, you guys fought
plenty in the Ravening War. These guys are decked out with all kinds of
Carnish weaponry. These are Carnish crossbows, Carnish axes and clubs and
stuff, but you smell the stink of like, these are dairymen. These are like
dairy soldiers. Something is amiss. Cool. That is going to be, that's Theo,
you do your bonus action, great. Liam, that's you.

Ally: Okay. What's the deal with this guy who's running? Can I use my nature
to figure out what—

Brennan: Nature, well you could use Insight.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Insight? 15.

Brennan: He's a terrified servant who's seen a massacre and he's running cause
he thinks he's gonna get killed.

Ally: Okay. Yeah, I will between these three archers up here, who's hurt the
most?

Brennan: Of the ones you can see.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, you hit number seven.

Brennan: All those archers that you see there, have been uninjured.

Siobhan: Oh, just kidding.

Ally: Oh, wow.

Zac: I think it's—

Murph: He can probably shoot the people—

Ally: Yeah, I'll shoot one of them.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: I'll have Preston give me advantage.

Brennan: Cool, dope.

Ally: Okay. That's a 19.

Brennan: 19 is gonna hit. Let's put Preston over there with you, your little
piggy is helping you.

Emily: So soft.

Ally: I'm gonna— let's see, if Preston helps me, maybe I'll put him in my
little backpack.

Brennan: He like pokes his little head out his backpack and basically you see,
he goes, (pig squeaking, puts up trotter) and gives you the wind readings. So
you hit with that roll. Go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Okay. See that's 9.

Brennan: Awesome. And I think you're out of spells, right?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah. So you fire off. Hit that one in the back, whips around. Go
ahead and give me a Stealth check real quick.

Ally: Sure.

Brennan: See if this guy spots you.

Ally: 8.

Brennan: 8, okay. He spots you hidden over there.

Ally: Okay, I still have movement though, right?

Brennan: Yeah, you do.

Ally: Maybe I'll move to the other side of the tree.

Brennan: Oh, just like behind all the foliage? Cool. Yeah.

Ally: So he sees me in the night.

Brennan: Yeah and Preston follows you.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Cool, you go there and hide, that is Liam. Jet that's you. Sprinkle,
gives you the help action.

(Sprinkle speaking gibberish)

Emily: I want to, this is the man who's been barking the orders, right? He's
right in front of me?

Brennan: Correct. Yeah, the guy who’s trying to kill Theo.

Emily: Okay. I want to look at him and as I look at him, roguish shadow
flickers around me and I say,

Jet: When the king goes down, the princess rises.

(Brennan laughs)

Zac: Don't you get advantage cause it's Sprinkle?

Emily: Yeah, I rolled with advantage. 19?

Brennan: 19 hits.

Emily: Yeah! All right. I'm also gonna do, what does he have in his hand?

Brennan: A spike— wooden, it's like a meat wood morning star.

Emily: I'm gonna do disarming attack.

Brennan: Ooh.

Emily: So he's going to have to make, I'm gonna add a superiority die, and
then he's gonna have to make a DC 14 Strength saving throw or he drops his
weapon.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: So I hit him for 18.

Ally: Heey, wow!

Brennan: Jesus.

Emily: And I try to get that.

Brennan: Okay. Hold on one second. He's got to roll, he gets plus two to this
roll, DC14. So he needs a 12 or higher. He rolls a 13. So he hangs onto it.

Emily: 13? But he has to roll 14.

Brennan: He rolled a 13 plus 2.

Emily: Oh, I see.

Brennan: So he, you (whooshing) Flickerish the Twizzling Blade moves out, you
see he said he goes,

Opponent: (thick French accent) Le blade twizzler.

Jet: I'm sorry, come again.

Opponent: Le blade twizzler.

Jet: Ah, have you tangoed with this partner before?

Opponent: (unintelligible) Merde.

Brennan: And you see that, he whips around to go after your pop again.

Emily: What?

Brennan: But you slashed deep, you felt the tug of ripping tendons in his left
arm.

Emily: If he turns around away from me, do I get an opportunity attack?

Brennan: You do only if he moves away from you.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Cool that is, that's Jet. That is going to be,

Ruby: Come help me!

Brennan: Yeah, actually Limon is gonna come over and give you the help action
and that's going to be-- Ruby, that's you.

Limon: Your Highness, if there's anything I can do to help, you're awfully
good in archery and such.

Ruby: I think you could be very helpful just staying still and not doing
anything.

Siobhan: Can I… These archers are pretty bad, huh. Can I shoot at the one that
Liam shot at?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: By the way, just so you know, you don't have to apply your grasping
shot until after you know you've hit.

Siobhan: Oh, okay. So I can, great. That's really good to know because that
was a sad waste of a thing. (Ally chuckles) Oh, in which case then I'm gonna
try and shoot the guy in front of,

Brennan: In front of Jet? Absolutely go for it.

Siobhan: And that is a 19. That is for sure hit. So like 19 plus 6 so--

Brennan: Incredible. You definitely hit.

Siobhan: So I will use my Grasping Arrow. So that is a 2d6 plus 4 from this.
So that's 8 damage regular and then—

Brennan: 2d6 poison.

Siobhan: 2d6 poison damage, which is 4 poison damage.

Brennan: So you deal 12 points of damage.

Siobhan: So its speed is reduced by 10 feet and it takes another 2d6 slashing
damage, the first time on each turn moves one foot or more without
teleporting.

Emily: Oooh!

Brennan: Oh! You guys see you still have this weird foggy memory of what you
saw when you were unconscious. You reach up the bow, put your finger to the
string, the arrow appears and you call for a special arrow and you didn't even
know you could do this before this fight. And you see that it— bonds of syrupy
sugar wrap around this acid green arrow and the arrow shoots out, hits this
brigand captain in the back and strands of poison sugar web him to the ground
and like stinging burning brambles.

Ruby: Yeah, you stay there.

Jet: Ruby, it seems that you are destined for more than just the circus.

(Brennan chuckles)

Ruby: I don't know, I feel like that would be a pretty cool circus move.

Jet: You're right, I stand down, you are correct. Ruby rules.

Brennan: Incredible.

Ruby: Jet rules.

Brennan: That's your action, great. It's going to be the Tartguard. This guy's
gonna move over here.

Ally: They're so cute. (chuckles)

Lapin: I hate them.

Ally: A little cowboy hat, they're really funny.

Brennan: This guy just stabbed this dude a bunch of times. He just keeps
stabbing him, he hasn't gone down yet. Over here. Oh shit. It's nat 20. The
Tartguard runs over there, fucks that guy up, and then are there any other
Tartguard? Oh yes, this guy right here. This guy's toast. So this guy, he's
going to run over here, jump in the mix and take a swing at this captain.

Lou: Well, if the Tartguard kills this dude, that would be wild.

Brennan: That's a natural 1.

(All laugh)

Brennan: Tartguard does not get the job done.

Siobhan: Could've got a promotion.

Brennan: But the Tartguard is like,

Tartguard: Your fallen brothers shall be avenged ahead.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: Cool. That is King Amethar.

Lou: Okay. Oh man, this is a clusterfuck. God there's so many people. So this
is an archer as well?

Brennan: Yes, that's correct.

Lou: Okay. Oh.

Zac: How close, how does that captain look?

Brennan: He looks messed up, the princesses have just fucked him up.

Emily: (smugly) Yeah. What up.

Lou: Yeah. Okay. I think I'm gonna… There's so much. Everyone's just gonna
shoot me no matter where I go. I'm just gonna get shot. Can I move around him
without inciting opportunity attacks, can I move around to here?

Brennan: You gotta show me the path you're taking, otherwise it'll trigger
attacks.

Lou: So where was I?

Brennan: You are here, there's no one directly engaging you right where you
are.

Lou: I'm trying to go one, two up against the tree, three, four, five.

Brennan: Okay, you can get to five, you will take a swing from one of them but
not the other on the way there.

Lou: If I stay here is that--

Brennan: No, you'll still get the swing cause you're actually getting it from
that guy as you move past this threatened area.

Lou: Cause I'd wanna rage, but if I do it there, I just hurt everyone.

Emily: I can take 2 damage.

Lou: All my friends.

Zac: I think they can take 2.

Jet: Pops, I can take 2 damage.

Zac: Better than you.

Jet: Please, I'd rather my first damage in battle be from my father.

Lou: Great, then I'll do, then I'll stay where I was and rage there and
everyone including friends takes 2 damage.

Brennan: And what spot are you moving to?

Lou: I'll move just one to engage with him.

Brennan: Okay. Everybody's taken damage so yeah. Theobald, Jet--

Zac: Do I?

Brennan: Sprinkle avoids it thankfully. And Lapin, you take it as well.

Zac: Okay.

Amethar: Sorry everybody!

Theobald: It is an honor, my king.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: And then we have, if this is 12 and this dude is four. Gotcha. Okay.

Lou: Were either one of these guys, the ones who hit me? I got hit by two
people on the--

Brennan: You got hit by arrows. So nobody that hit with an arrow is--

Lou: But none of the melee people hit me.

Brennan: No, that's correct. Or wait, is that true? I'm trying to remember.
Did the melee people hit you?

Lou: I erased it. I got hit by two arrows and then that's what I remember.

Murph: You got hit by some melee people I thought, cause I remember waiting--

Zac: Cause you took, it was 11 minus 5.

Lou: I did took two hits from the melee people.

Brennan: Yeah. If you took two hits, I'm gonna say that the one in front of
you was a melee.

Lou: Great, then I'll swing on him. That's gonna be 10.

Brennan: 10 is gonna miss.

Lou: All right.

Brennan: You take a swing with Payment Say, miss, but you are raging. That's
going to go from Amethar back to the brigands. Oh, hold on one second. Yeah.
So this guy is going to move here, doesn't get an attack opportunity from
anyone except Sprinkle. (Murph and Emily laugh) And then—

Emily: Sprinkle.

Murph: Can Sprinkle attack?

Siobhan: Sprinkle can not attack.

Brennan: There's five archers--

Zac: Can they all see him?

Brennan: And then the captain. So the first thing we're gonna do is we'll go
captain, it's gonna roll on Amethar.

Siobhan: Is he moving? One foot of movement is not very much movement. If he's
moving this much.

Brennan: Oh, wait a minute, he has Grasping Arrow. Yes, that's correct. Wait,
how much is--

Siobhan: It's one foot of movement and he gets 2d6 of damage.

Brennan: Oh my God. Yeah, why would he know how this fucking spell works?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Lou: (as Amethar) That's my girl.

Brennan: Okay, I'm going to tell you right now, it is very possible to roll a
lethal amount of damage with 2d6. We're gonna get out the Box of Doom.

Ally: (laughs) And this is for the boss?

Jet: Ruby, I know you've got a killing blow in you, even though Theobald…

Ruby: Bless me. (touches hands with Jet)

Jet: Even though Theobald won't teach it to us.

Lou: Wow! This is crazy.

Brennan: Real quick, I've written down the number right here in this folded
thing, of how much you need. Go ahead and hold on to this Siobhan, real quick.

Siobhan: Oh my God, I love gambling!

Brennan: Let's go ahead and get the Box of Doom out. This is a definite Box of
Doom roll cause your dad is in very serious trouble if this guy gets to swing
on him.

Siobhan: 9.

Brennan: Open it up. How much is it?

Siobhan: 7!

(All cheering)

Ally: Fuck yeah!

Siobhan: Give me my dice.

Emily: Killing blow!

Brennan: You see that this guy sees an opening as Amethar swings, misses,
overextends. He opens up the spot right under his arm where it's soft. You can
go in through the ribs, he steps forward and as he does the arrow’s sugar
constricts and snaps back and he is literally waffled and split into cubes and
chunks and falls scattered over the ground in a heap of stinking cheese.

Ruby: Thank you for the Saints’ Day present, pops!

Amethar: All right, thank you. (laughs) Hah! I love my daughters.

Jet: Ruby, will you teach me a killing blow because that was amazing!

Ruby: I think that we can learn it together.

Jet: Okay.

Brennan: This captain gave one plus 1d4 on all attacks for all of his
followers.

(Siobhan and Emily cheer)

Brennan: So you have just really fucking done it. Ah, that is huge. We're
gonna roll this now though here.

Murph: The two melee guys, are they going after Amethar?

Brennan: They're going after Amethar.

Murph: I'm gonna use Protection to impose disadvantage on one of them.

Brennan: Hell yeah, great. Oh, does Protection give… Does it give disadvantage
to just one opponent or is it—

Murph: Let me see, when a creature you can see attacks a target other than you
that is within five feet of you, you can use your reaction to impose a
disadvantage on the attack roll.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: So just do it for one person.

Brennan: The first one gets disadvantage. That's a 19 and a 2. Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Shit yes.

Lou: God, I love my family.

(All laugh)

Brennan: Next one's going to take a regular swing, that is gonna hit. 12, 17
plus two is 19. 19 halved to 9 points of damage.

Lou: All right, 9. Great.

Zac: You at 5?

Lou: I'm at 5.

Brennan: Now I'm gonna roll some Stealth checks from these archers.

Lou: Even though there're Tartguards looking right at them?

Brennan: They're not trying to hide from the Tartguards.

Lou: All right, fine.

(Emily laughs)

Lou: What's the point of these Tartguards?

Brennan: None of them hide from Amethar.

Emily: Yeah. Can’t hide from the king.

Brennan: None of those ones this one over here is gonna do it. That one
doesn't make it. Jesus, these are some bad rolls. That one does get advantage.
So we're gonna roll these attack rolls, attacking King Amethar. That's a miss.
Hit. That's a hit. And then we're gonna go one last one here. That's a hit. So
that's three hits on King Amethar.

Murph: Used my reaction, I can't do anything.

Brennan: 12 plus 2's 14, halve to 7.

Lou: I'm down.

Brennan: You are down and the final two arrows give you 2 death savings throws
failures.

Emily: What?

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Wait, were you… Didn't you have 10 left? And that was 7.

Lou: I had 15, and then I took one hit for 9.

Ally: Oh, gotcha. Yeah.

Siobhan: Do you go-- You go next though right?

Lou: I'm at-- No, I've already gone.

Emily: He's already gone.

Siobhan: No, Lapin.

Brennan: You have two-- that’s two immediate-- as the arrows thank your
falling body, the King falls again. Your father is riddled with arrows.

Emily: Can I use a reaction to put something from my body onto his?

Brennan: Nope.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: I never gave him that healing dice right?

Siobhan: No, you still have three left.

Brennan: By the way, just so you know, you can, it's not necessarily
advisable, but you can do more than one dice at a time.

Zac: I understand. Yeah.

Brennan: And that is all of the Brigands. Okay. Lapin, that's gonna be you.

Zac: From here, Lapin is going to, bonus action give, he's gonna well, let me
right, well, a Deception roll.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: 8 plus 8 is 16.

Lapin: For Bulbia!

(All laugh)

Theobald: No one cares right now, Lapin!

Zac rolls his die, and it leaps out of his die box and across the table a bit.

Zac: 5.

Lou: That roll was unreal.

Brennan: 5. All right Amethar, you have been dropped a couple of times.

Amethar: (roars)

Zac: And what did, where is the most injured-looking archer?

Brennan: The most injured looking archer. This guy's gotten stabbed so many
fucking times by this dude. This dude is fully uninjured. These guys over here
are very, some of them are very injured. Some of them are not injured at all.
This cluster of three of them.

Zac: Okay. I'll just roll for damage I guess. I'll just roll to see if I hit
one.

Brennan: Cool. Or which one are you talking about?

Zac: This one's very injured and then one over here. One is also very—

Brennan: Yeah, is that... number two's uninjured. 10 is a little injured. This
guy back here, number seven is quite injured.

Zac: Okay. I'm gonna go for the quite injured guy back there.

Brennan: Awesome. Go for it.

Zac: Lapin also continues to pretend this is for Bulbia. It's like,

Lapin: And for Bulbia!

(Emily laughs)

Zac: Uh, 19.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: So I'm using Agonizing Blast.

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: That's a d10.

Brennan: Yeah, d10.

Emily: That sounds like a real spiritual, Bulbian...

Zac: 10 plus 4, so 14.

Lapin: (shakily) For Bulbia.

(Zac laughs)

Brennan: Lapin stands and goes, "for Bulbia." And a screaming helix of purple
sugarplum energy blasts out of his open hand. A point of blinding light
appearing in his palm, and a strange spiky candy rune appearing at the base of
his hand for a moment.

Jet: I may not have to keep your secret much longer.

Lapin: Yes, we can all agree that this was very holy indeed.

(All laugh)

Brennan: That guy has his fucking innards liquefied. He vomits glittering
purple syrup everywhere, and his eyes melt out of his head as his body just
collapses into syrup. He's dead.

Lapin: We all agree.

(All laugh)

Lapin: For Bulbia.

Ally: The great Bulb in the sky, amen.

Brennan: Amen.

Zac: I'm only giving you the 5, just because, you know.

Lou: I mean, yeah I'd rather be continued to be made alive, especially yeah.

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: I see you.

Zac: And then can I move?

Brennan: Yes. I believe you can.

Zac: I will move, can I just, well, if I moved in front of the King, how does
that like factor into the assassins? Like they'll probably still be able to
see you.

Brennan: They probably still be able to see him, yeah.

Zac: Yeah.

Lou: I'll move before they do, I'll move smarter.

Zac: I'll move, yeah I'll move over… Lapin will move, just here to get more of
a line of sight on those guys.

Brennan: Cool. Great. Lapin moves back next to the other archer. That's going
to… you see Lord Cruller who you see, he says,

Calroy: (dancing back and forth) Nice thing about these pants is they're good
in terms of flexibility.

Brennan: He takes a movement and a dash, so sprints a full like 60 feet over
to this dude. Gets Sneak Attack because—

Lou: I fucking love Lord Cruller, dude.

Siobhan: He rules.

Emily: I must apprentice with him.

Lou: This is why I tell you, you watch a guy shit a couple times, you are
friends for life.

Brennan: You see that he does this twee little pirouette and then like jeté-
little dance moves- aha!\- comes over and just like, crashes the crossbow out
of this guy's hand and skewers him straight through the stomach, and then just
does this weird corkscrewing twist and you see the guy slam to the ground, as
his innards are just scrambled by the sneak attack. He's not joking anymore.
He's watched you fall twice and you see, he says,

Calroy: Tartguard, disarm them, do whatever you can. They've come to kill the
king!

Brennan: Knowing that you've killed many of them, but you know, not to belabor
the point, had one other arrow struck Amethar, he would've been dead, full
dead.

Zac: If one other, because—

Lou: It would've counted as a third failure.

Brennan: Melee weapons count as two death save failures, range weapons when
they hit and unconscious person count for one death safe failure.

Zac: Gotcha.

Lou: So we just got lucky today.

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: Goddamn! Murph.

Brennan: Yeah, that's going to be Murph.

Emily: Sir Theobald.

Brennan: Sir Theobald.

Emily: Surge Theobald.

Murph: (chuckles) All right, I'm going to, you know what? I'll crack at some
of the melee guys around us so they don't (whispering) knock the king out
while he's down. Please. 15?

Brennan: 15 hits.

(All cheer)

Lou: A moment of silence.

Ally: It did the same thing.

Brennan: Are you hitting the guy right in front of you?

Murph: Whichever, whoever looks more hurt.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: That I don't have to move while hitting.

Brennan: Dude to your, they look pretty equally hurt.

Murph: Okay. I'll just do it to 12.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: And I do 12 damage to 12.

Lou: 12 to 12.

Zac: Are you using Green Flame Blade?

Murph: And I'm using Green Flame Blades.

Brennan: Or actually, give me, they're not exactly, give me a Medicine check
where I would call a DC10 Medicine check.

Murph: A Nat 18.

Brennan: Dude on the left is slightly more hurt.

Murph: Sweet I'll go out to dude on the left. I do Green Flame Blade and I do
12 damage to him and I do 2 to the guy next to him.

Brennan: You reach out with the Battlepop and you cleave, just, whoa! And the
Battlepop comes down and there's a splash of cheese all over you as you just
cleave through the chest of this guy right next to you, as fire spreads to the
guy next to you. (attacking grunts)

Murph: Hell yeah.

Brennan: That's going to move, so that's Sir Theobald. That's your action. Any
other movement or you're all good?

Murph: I am good, I'm near the king. Yeah, I'm good.

Brennan: Okay. That is Sir Theobald, Liam, that's you baby.

Ally: Okay. I'm gonna run around the other side of the tree and into the cart
if I can make it, so that I can maybe shoot those guys from inside the cart.
They're so close to it. Could I do something like that?

Brennan: Oh yeah, absolutely. Just give me a Acrobatics check.

Ally: Sure.

Murph: Let me get my stuff out of here.

Ally: Oh, okay. That's a 7.

Brennan: You cannot get through the cart, so you've got to just do your
standard movement one way or the other around it. You can either go in plain
sight at everybody or you can go and sneak try to sneak over back.

Ally: I'll kind of sneak by on the other side of the tree if that's cool.
That's just like 15 feet of movement

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Behind it, yeah. Nice. Kinda like behind the branch.

Brennan: I can dig that, awesome.

Ally: Yeah, And I'm gonna.. Preston's gonna smooch me with his little wet
snout, and I'm gonna have advantage hitting, which one of those guys--

Brennan: This guy's fucked up.

Ally: That guy is fucked up? Okay. Oh yeah. That's like 26, 25.

Brennan: Oh yeah, go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Okay. So this is a d10 plus 6, 5, 11.

Brennan: 11, awesome. Another crossbow bolt, badly injured that guy. (thwack)

Ally: And then I'm gonna run back to the other side of the tree.

Brennan: (laughs) Just a little sniper jumping out, a little hunter move,
cool. You go back around the side of the tree?

Ally: Would it be an action for me to take, to have like one of my hatchets
and be like trying to chop this tree down?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure. That's Liam, Jet that's you.

Emily: Okay, I would like to, is there a combatant across from my dad?

Lou: Oh, that's right, on the other side of that tree?

Zac: Or they’re dead I think.

Emily: Are there any active combatants around my dad?

Brennan: Oh yes. This guy right here, he's got a bead on your dad. So there's
this dude right here who's crouching.

Emily: Okay, then you know what? So I'm not gonna use my movement just yet.
I'm going to attack this person.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: With Sprinkle's help, noble Steed.

Siobhan: Nice.

Emily: Two 19’s baby, okay.

Brennan: And you do get Sneak Attack on this.

Emily: So that's just gonna be a 11. And then I'm gonna run over to my dad,
and put my Locket of the Sweetest around his neck.

Brennan: And put your Locket of the Sweetest around his neck.

Emily: And I'm gonna look at Ruby and just in case, in twin language, I'm
like,

Jet: Just in case we can get dad that advantage.

Amethar: This is very sweet. This is not the time to be exchanging jewelry.
Stop throwing gems at people, all right?

Lapin: (scolding) Now is not the time to put a necklace—

Brennan: I'm gonna say I'm gonna allow it for this battle, in the future, the
lockets work because they are attuned to you so you can't give it to anybody.
I'll say you can give it to your pop cause he's your sweet Papa.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: But in the future they are, it takes a while to attune to a magical
item and have them work like this.

Emily: Okay. But It'll work on my dad for now.

Brennan: It'll work on your daddy for right now. However, I'll tell you what
will not work, is the attack of opportunity that that brigand—

Emily: Bring it on.

Zac: Is that guy still alive?

Emily: Does he hit?

Brennan: He does hit.

Emily: Shield.

(Brennan laughs incredulously)

Emily: I get once a day shield with my Flickerish Blade!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: He would have dropped you with 12 points of damage. (Emily laughs) Oh
wait, hold on, shield gives you plus 5, right?

Emily: Plus 5.

Brennan: This guy rolled a natural 18 plus four means he rolled a 22. Is it
22, what does your armor class go to when you cast Shield?

Emily: 21.

Ally: Nooo!

Murph: Can I use Protection to give them disadvantage?

Brennan: You still have your, you still have—

Murph: I still have my reaction because I just went again.

Brennan: Okay. He's going to roll again, if he, okay. This feels Box of Doom
now because he, if he rolls a 17 or higher, he still hits a 21.

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: I can just imagine it now, the intense music starts playing.

Emily: Okay. Shield, protection. My locket around my dad's neck.

Brennan: It's a natural 5.

Emily: (laughs triumphantly)

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: You've been killing it with your blade. You turn around to to cast
that you're like, oh, and start to do this defensive thing and you see that
this guy just overpowers through it. You see your blade bend and this lollipop
shield just comes in the way and blocks the blow as Theo steps in front of
you.

Jet: You know, perhaps I should also learn a defensive blow.

Theobald: Yes. That would be dope.

Brennan: (laughs) Incredible. That's going to be, that's Jet. So you rush over
to your father, give him the Locket of the Sweetest Heart. (takes a deep
breath)

(epic music)

Lou: What are you doing? What are you doing, my guy?

Siobhan: No, no, no, no, no. Put that box away Brennan. Come on now.

Lou: What are you doing?

Emily: This is not a time to take out your lunch.

Brennan takes two minis out of the box and begins to place them.

Lou: I actually am not feeling good about this right now.

Brennan: You hear, (shouts) and—

Lou: These are our friends.

Emily: These are on our side, right?

Lou: These are Imperial.

Zac: Are they our friends?

Lou: Yeah, they're—

Zac: We'll see.

Lou: That's the seal I think, from the—

Zac: But doesn't mean anything, we're in "Game of Thrones", that doesn't mean
shit.

Ally: But what is this guy's deal?

(All laugh)

Brennan: You see him calling out and be like, "Sirs, Sirs, we're in trouble!"
And you hear a battle cry, and see a small squadron of Ceresian infantry, led
by this guy at the front.

Zac: Can I do a Perception check or a Insight check on—

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Ally: Can I do the same?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Yes you may.

Murph: I got to 21.

Zac: 18.

Brennan: You look at the front, the guy at the front is this young guy. He is
a Centurion commander of Ceresian, but of the Imperial army. And you see his
rushes as he looks at you, he makes eye contact. You see, he just gives you a
quick nod, immediately clocks the marauders here and goes, (screams) screams
and lowers his weapon as they begin to charge.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Ooh! That's so good, that's such a relief.

Brennan: That is going to be—

Emily: Never thought I'd be so relieved to see bread.

Brennan: (laughs) Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: Okay, sorry Pops, this is gonna annoy you, but I've got to protect
you. I'm gonna cast Fog Cloud in the area that all of these guys are in. It's
a 20 foot radius. So basically, if you don't have line of sight, you can't hit
him. You know, like there, it will fully hide him, it's a 20 foot radius
sphere of fog centered on a point within the range of sphere, spreads around
(mumbles).

Emily: So does it give the archers disadvantage?

Siobhan: Yeah, basically it's… The area is heavily obscured. So nobody can
take an attack of opportunity against anybody in that area, because that
requires sight and also archers can't get them.

Ally: That's great.

Brennan: You fill this place with sparkling candy mist.

Siobhan: I say,

Ruby: Abracadabra!

Siobhan: Cause I learned this at the circus, so. (laughs)

Jet: She's just putting on such an amazing show. Your foes, they are not
worthy of this.

Ruby: Thank you.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: Oh no, I don't have great Insight. 12?

Brennan: Okay, great. Cool. That's going to be, that's Ruby.

Lou: Cool. Cool?

Ally: That's a bad sign.

Siobhan: Oh no. Can I actually step into the fog?

Brennan: You can if you'd like. Sure.

Siobhan: I'll stay out of the fog. (chuckles)

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: What are you doing right now my guy?

Siobhan: I don’t trust you. What are you doing? What have I done?

Brennan: You see it is now, so that's Ruby's turn it is now, and it's a 20
foot radius, correct?

Siobhan: 20 foot radius.

Brennan: Gotcha. Okay. Copy that.

Siobhan: Did I just make a huge mistake?

Murph: I don't know why it would be--

Siobhan: It seemed like a good idea!

Murph: I think regardless--

Brennan: Honestly, 40 feet if you put, if you centered it on your dad, almost
would hit you.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: That rises up into the air, Tartguard gonna rush to their king. This
guy's gonna rush all the way over here. This guy's gonna rush over here next
to Sir Theo. That is a hit. Reaches out with his spear, stabs that guy in
front of you, he's not down though. This guy is gonna rush over here.

Zac: This is fucked.

Murph: There's a hurt archer right?

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Murph: Get them.

Brennan: That is going to be a miss. You see a Tartguard starts rushing
around. That's now going to be… that is King Amethar.

Lou: Can I make an Insight check as to the nature of these gentlemen?

Brennan: Not anymore.

Lou: I can't see them?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: Okay.

Zac: Let's get the fuck out of here.

Lou: I'm gonna move toward Lapin and if I wanted to move out of the fog, or
like to the edge of the fog, where would that be?

Brennan: You're like kind of in the center of it.

Zac: This guy’s in the fog, right?

Brennan: So it's really like any direction. Yeah, that guy’s in the fog.

Lou: Can he see us or just nobody--

Brennan: No he can't see anything.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: We also can't see anything, to be clear.

Lou: We also can't, so I'm gonna move past Jet 5, 10, and to stand next to
Lapin.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Cause he's the one who been giving me all this sweet magic juice. And I
understand that if I put that… God damn, but we can't see, nobody can see
anyone, right?

Zac: Is this guy going anywhere?

Brennan: What's that?

Zac: I just forgot about this.

Brennan: Oh, Licorina— She's just a servant.

Siobhan: She's a servant. There’s nothing she can do, really.

Lou: So I can't see anybody right?

Brennan:You can see Lapin, you can see that Tartguard next to you. You can't…
You may make a Perception check to see if you can hear stuff, but--

Lou: Okay.

Emily: Can you like hold an action until you got hit?

Lou: Yeah, can I hold? I'll take the dodge action.

Brennan: Yeah, great.

Lou: Yeah, I'll take the dodge action.

Brennan: Cool. You don't go back into your rage, you take a dodge action.

Lou: I don't have any more.

Brennan: You're out. There you go.

Emily: Got all my superiority die.

Brennan: That's Amethar.

Emily: We gotta make this happen. I thought we were doing everything right.

Lou: We were.

Zac: It's just unfair.

Lou: I think Brennan just is messing us up with that reaction too.

Murph: I got a 21 on my Insight check and I didn't, they just nodded at me.
Although that doesn't mean anything.

Zac: It means then maybe rolled well.

Siobhan: If those guys are bad, all of us are dead.

Zac: What is that? Who's that?

Siobhan: He's an archer. How do they know where he is?

Brennan: That's a great point, I'm gonna roll some Perception rolls. Your
dad's not a quiet guy.

Siobhan: Fair. He's popping.

Zac: So in there, they would have disadvantage and he's already taken the
dodge.

Brennan: These two totally lose your dad.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: But they do not lose Liam. They start to run.

Siobhan: Fuck! I'm sorry Liam.

Lou: Run toward Liam?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: And I'm aware of that right? Cause now we're in battle so I'm alert to
danger.

Brennan: You are alert to danger. These guys are gonna take some shots at you,
Liam.

Emily: Do you have the Alert feat?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Both miss.

Emily: Cool.

Brennan: These guys are gonna take swings with disadvantage on King Amethar.
However they're gonna roll Stealth checks first. Both of them succeed on
Stealth checks, meaning that their disadvantage and advantage cancel out, so
they are going to attack you.

Zac: He has, he's in the fog cloud and has dodged, do those?

Brennan: You can't double stack disadvantage and advantage. That's gonna be a
hit.

Zac: Fuck.

Brennan: 7, take 9 points of damage.

Lou: Down for the third time.

Brennan: Comes in, clubs you. And now they are next to Lapin, both raising
weapons over to finish the job.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: (air whooshes) Amethar goes down those two right there, that is now…
And I think that's fucking pretty much everybody trying to see if I haven't,
missing any of my little guys. Okay, Lapin, that's you.

Zac: I know he's next to me. I know those guys are next to me. I'm going to…
Well, do I have like a sense of, can I basically see them? Just because I know
that they're right there. This, I mean, do I have to make any rolls for that?

Brennan: No you're probably, they're within five feet.

Zac: Okay, I'm going to… I only have two more heals left. I'm gonna heal him
for one.

Emily: Yeah, I think that's good.

Zac: It's only 2. And then I'm going to use a step between wherever I can get
to be next to both of those guys. And I'm gonna use Word of Radiance so I can
do 1d6 of damage to both of them.

Brennan: Okay. Go for it. Or actually they just roll a save I think right?

Zac: Constitution saving throw or take 1d6.

Brennan: Yeah, they're gonna roll a Con save.

Zac: Oh, well. Shit.

Emily: (mumbles) I know, me too.

Siobhan: (whispered) Just remember to breathe.

Brennan: They both succeed.

Zac: So they don't take damage?

Brennan: They don't take damage. You utter a Word of Radiance, neither takes
damage.

Zac: Can I just pray to the Sugar-Plum Fairy, to see if there's anything that
they can tell me or something.

Brennan: You better pray.

Zac: Oh, you fucker. (laughs)

Brennan: That is Lapin's turn, the king has arisen with how many points did
you get back?

Lou: 2. It's enough to keep me from dying.

Emily: It's also enough to keep you swinging.

Lou: Yeah. Come on, Cruller.

Emily: They attack you, they hit you so,

Ally: Man, only having two spell slots sucks.

Zac: It's fucking brutal.

Ally: You can't do anything.

Emily: As a warlock, you'll be that way for so many—

Lou: Years. Years like that.

Brennan: Six, Cruller misses due to the fog, (air whooshes) slashing around.
Theo, that's you. You're in the fog.

Murph: Okay. Does that mean I have disadvantage on attacks?

Brennan: It does.

Murph: Fuck. I am going to cast Jump on King Amethar.

Brennan: On King Amethar?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: You cast just Jump on King Amethar. Okay.

Theobald: Get out of the mix please, my lord.

Amethar: I don't like that I have to, but I'm trying.

Brennan: You, reach into a center of your knight's heart and you hear the
sound of your gummy people. (makes boing sound)

(Emily laughs)

Zac: Oh, no.

Theobald: Just like being home.

Zac: (laughing) Oh, no.

Brennan: And a deep gumminess fills the soul of the King of Candia.

Ally: Do you maybe have a little thing of gummy juice I can drink?

Siobhan: Where is he bouncing, is it here? Is it there? Is it everywhere?

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: (to camera) Don't sing the song, we can't license it.

Emily: We can only vaguely allude to it.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Lou: What does Jump do?

Murph: You can jump three times, your jump is tripled. So I'm hoping you can
like jump to the other side of the cart or something.

Brennan: Oh that's your action, any movement from you?

Murph: I'm staying, I'm just going to get as is, has he moved? I can't see
cause of the trees. Where's Amethar at?

Ally: Can you run and talk to these people?

Brennan: Amethar is 10 feet away from you.

Murph: Sweet, I am just going to back up to as, get as close to Amethar as I
can.

Brennan: Okay, cool. Corpses litter the ground, but you wedge your way in
there. Great. Okay, great. That's Theo. Liam, that's you.

Ally: Okay. Can I like do an Investigation check and see what these people
are, what they speak?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: If they're friendly.

Brennan: You roll with advantage too, cause there are, you rolled pretty high,
right?

Ally: Yeah, 18.

Brennan: Oh these are Ceresian soldiers, but they wear the crest of the
Imperial army. So they're Imperial soldiers.

Ally: Can I yell to them?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. Do you speak Ceresian?

Ally: Yeah, I do.

Brennan: Oh, awesome great. Cool.

Ally: Right, yeah Ceresian?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Yeah I speak Ceresian. Okay, I yell,

Liam: Hey, help us, the king is dying in that fog!

Brennan: You see that, he says,

Imperial Commander: (Italian accent) You've got it, men, after those archers.

Brennan: And you see that he lowers his spear and begins to run. And you see
he says in perfect Candian and he says,

(heroic orchestral music)

Imperial Commander: Friends of Candia have arrived for the King!

Ruby: For the king!

Jet: For the king!

(heroic orchestral music)

Murph: I think they might just be good, we’ll find out.

Siobhan: I don’t know--

Emily: I think they're great.

Brennan: Cool that's for free, anything else you're doing--

Ally: Yeah, no, I'm definitely gonna take a shot at the more injured one.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: Preston kisses me, I get advantage.

Emily: A wet little snout.

Ally: That's over 20.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: Okay, come on please. Just give me a fucking 10. Oh, close. Okay, that's
13 damage to--

Brennan: These two guys turn around to see the Ceresians, you ice one in the
back of the head with a mint arrow. This dude is done.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Way to go there.

Ally: But what's up with this guy? (points to man by the tree)

(All laugh)

Siobhan: Why isn't that guy attacking the guy that's right next to him?

Brennan: Listen every season. It's either a vulture or—

Ally: He's running with a bag.

Siobhan: Yeah, what's in the bag though?

Brennan: Jet that's your turn.

Emily: Okay. I would like to mount Sprinkle the faithful Steed and charge—

Siobhan: Mount!?

Murph: Sprinkle is tiny.

Brennan: Sprinkle is about the size of a corgi, but go for it.

(Ally laughs)

Theobald: You're going to hurt him!

Emily: I’m but a wee licorice—

Zac: His little back!

Emily: And I'd like to charge one of the people who attacked my dad.

Brennan: Awesome, go for it. This guy right here—

Emily: So I have disadvantage because of the fog, but I'll have advantage
because of Sprinkle, so I just have a regular?

Brennan: Regular attack.

Emily: Okay. Aww.

Murph: Fuck!

Emily: Two.

Brennan: Okay. You lash out and through the fog, do not find purchase with the
Twizzling Blade. (air whooshes) Blade moves out. That is Jet's turn. He's
going to rush up here. These guys are gonna rush and so three peel off, you go
take care of this dude. These three rush into the fog as well. (upbeat music)

You see, this dude rolls up, coming through the fog, you see, a tall, clean-
shaven breadstick centurion. He looks like a young commander of the Ceresian
army, given in tribute to the Imperial army. He runs up beside you, gives you
plus 1d4 to your attacks and saves, and immediately grants you one melee
attack, which you get free advantage on because you're within 10 feet.

Emily: (laughs triumphantly)

Brennan: Oh no, sorry. Don't roll with advantage though cause it's still the
fog so it's just one flat.

Emily: Well I got 12 and a 13. Would a 20 or 19 hit?

Brennan: Both would hit.

Emily: Okay. Then I would say I hit.

Brennan: And you get Sneak Attack on this.

Emily: Cool, cool. Okay. That's gonna be 16.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: 16 damage?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You hear the tramping of feet. This guy has got those like Roman,
like sandals all the way up the knee and like sort of like centurion
breastplate. You see that he runs up without even, he makes quick eye contact
with you and just brings this guy... This guy is facing away from you. He hits
his weapon and instead of going for the kill shot himself, brings his spear
down and brings the guy's head right down in front of you. So you just put
your blade right through the top. You see that he, without even thinking, just
claps you on the back and says,

Imperial Commander: Well done.

Brennan: And takes one more step into the fog.

Jet: (breathlessly) Who was he?

Siobhan: Did she kill him?

Brennan: Dead.

Jet: (gasps) My first killing blow and I don't even know the man’s name!

Ruby: You did? Oh I didn't see it. Oh God.

Jet: It's okay, the fog cloud saved dad. I'm sure I have many more killing
blows in my future.

Ruby: You're right.

Murph: I wanna to yell out to everybody,

Theobald: Keep one of them alive!

Brennan: Awesome. And this—

Ally: How many are left?

Murph: Not many.

Ally: I think we're down to one and those three centurions—

Zac: There's one right here.

Ally: Oh, there's one there, okay.

Brennan: Okay. That's the Imperial forces. He's actually still got an action
left, but he doesn't have any movement yet, so he's going to stop—

Jet: (calling out) What's your name?

Grissini: Commander Constano Grissini, I'm sorry we were late.

Emily makes a little impressed whistle.

Brennan: You see, that, Ruby, that's your turn.

Siobhan: Oh, that's me. After me, it's them, right?

Lou: It's me.

Brennan: No, it's Amethar.

Siobhan: Sick. And then there's just this one guy left?

Zac: There's one there, one there.

Siobhan: One there, one there, and I'm right next to this guy right?

Brennan: Correct.

Siobhan: Am I right next to him?

Brennan: You are next to him.

Siobhan: Then I am going to, it's me and then it's you.

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: I'm gonna drop the Fog Cloud. Get my buddy Limon to give me a help
action, so I can use my rapier. Which I'm not as good at, but I don't have--
I'm right next to him and I'm gonna attack this archer right next to me.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: Fuck. God. Does a 13 hit?

Brennan: 13 hits.

Emily: (cheers) Fuck this cheese.

Siobhan: Oh, great, okay. That is, an 8 plus 3 12, 13. No. Oh my God. 11.
Maths!

Brennan: That's the first damage that guy's taken all fight.

Lou: Ooh.

Zac: The whole fight?

Ally: What kind of weapon does he have?

Siobhan: He has a bow.

Ally: He's an archer, okay.

Brennan: You do 11. Oh, these three guys in the fog, however, they stopped in
the fog. They all had little pylon, short throwing javelins ready and just
release javelins and ice this fucking dude through the chest. As soon as that
they had readied actions, as soon as the fog dropped, they nail him. These
guys over here, I'm going to roll. Ooh, those are some lousy rolls.

Ally: Can I yell “keep him alive” in Cerulean?

Brennan: In Ceresian?

Ally: Ceresian. (laughing) Cerulean. ♪ Pokemon ♪

Siobhan: Brand names! Don't edit this.

Brennan: Yeah, you yell that at them. It's gonna be the Tartguard.

Theobald: Grab him.

Brennan makes a roll for the Tartguard, then looks up with a wry smile.

Theobald: Just a tackle, like we practiced!

Brennan: (chuckles) On a nat 20, the last Tartguard says,

Tartguard: For Candia!

Brennan: And puts his spear straight through the eyeball and out the back of
the skull.

Zac: God damnit.

Murph: (laughs) What?

Siobhan: You idiot.

Tartguard: What were you saying in that goofy language?

Theobald: (exasperated) The same thing I said in your language.

Tartguard: What's that? There was so much shouting.

Amethar: Good job.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: I wanna pray to the Sugar-Plum Fairy quietly to myself cause I don't
trust, I still feel like something's wrong, more wrong than...

Brennan: Well, let me first say this. Amethar you stand, the last combatants
are dead. There is just carnage all over the ground. The fog cloud dissipates,
and you see these Imperial soldiers standing here in the road. And with that,
the battle ends out of initiative.

(sighs of relief)

Zac: They have cut that tree down.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: So go ahead and make your Insight check. What are you trying to make
an Insight check?

Zac: I mean we got out of that but still feels like something's wrong.

Murph: Can we go over and I wanna like rip the mask. I mean we know that these
are cheese guys, but can we like search their bodies and--

Lou: Yeah. Can I take a look at the captain?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely can.

Emily: I look at the cheese.

Ally: I'd like to start chopping up that tree, making little bonfires around
the side of the road.

Brennan: Cool. That's an insane thing. What I'm just-- (laughs) what I'm going
to say is—

Ally: I'm a camping guy!

Siobhan: I can use Prestidigitation to like light them, if they're small
campfires.

Ally: I can use Druidcraft, I'm just...

Brennan: Now what I wanna, so first of all though, yes, there is stuff that
you guys wanna do. In the first moment the battle ends, you're still, cause
these guys were like popping out of hiding and shit. So you see that the
commander looks around, orders his men to go behind the wall. You see that two
of them go into here and immediately find a family of Candians bound and
gagged in there, like farmers and stuff. They release. The commander rocks up,

Zac: I know what I want.

Brennan: What is everyone's injury level?

Siobhan: I'm at full.

Murph: I'm pretty good, I'm at 30.

Emily: I'm down two hit points, that's all.

Lou: I've died three times and I’m at 2 now. (Brennan laughs)

Zac: I'm at a 23.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: I know what I wanna ask about.

Brennan: Great. You see the commander Grissini walks over to you, bows deeply
and he says,

Grissini: Your royal majesty, I am so sorry for the lives of your fighting men
that we could not arrive in time.

Amethar: It's fine though. You got here when you did. Thank you for that.

Emily: Is this the guy who (nods meaningfully) hooked me up in battle?

Brennan: Yes, it is. He looks at you and says,

Grissini: Your woman at arms is a talent with the blade.

Amethar: That's my daughter.

Grissini: (deeply apologetic) I am so sorry.

Theobald: Yes, that is the princess.

Brennan: You see he bows, he bows deeply and he says,

Grissini: Yes, it is my mistake. I am so very sorry.

Jet: I'm much more of a princess of the people.

Grissini: I am myself soldier of the people, it is an honor to escort you. We
can take time. My men will see that we tend immediately.

Brennan: He immediately sends his men out to go see if any of the Tartguard
are not fully dead. I'm just gonna roll. We're just gonna do… Give them one
death save each.

Zac: Can I do Spare the Dying?

Brennan: I'll see, some of— you guys were fighting for a lot of rounds.

Zac: Yes.

Brennan rolls the die, then does a double take in comical shock.

Brennan: 10, 10, 11, 15, 16.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: All of them, can be, are stable and that's insane. (Ally laughs)
Cool. So you see, he looks around. Let me see if anyone else, anyone else
drop?

Emily: How's Licorishina?

Brennan: Licorina is—

Siobhan: She's fine.

Brennan: She's fine.

Emily: We got to give her like a little grenade or something. (laughs)

Brennan: That's crazy that all of them would survive.

Lou: Here is a grenade.

Siobhan: Here’s one single grenade.

Lou: Use it well.

Siobhan: Suicide grenade. Use it to kill yourself if we all die.

Brennan: Those are incredible-- I rolled-- I was mad that they all survived
and I rolled twice again and they're all fine. They all made it.

Ally: That's crazy.

Brennan: That's crazy. So you see that the… you see the Tartguard are
bandaged, taken in, you see that, cool. What was it that, Lapin wanted to do?

Zac: I'm sorry, what are the guard called again?

Brennan: This is the Imperial army. So this is the Imperial army of the
Concordant Empire.

Zac: And it's the Imperial messenger, was the one person who came to the queen
and then a separate messenger came to the daughters?

Brennan: That's correct. Yes.

Zac: And I was aware of that. I don't, I still feel like I don't trust the
Imperials at this point.

Brennan: Yeah, of course. Go ahead and give me an Insight. Are you gonna go
talk to Commander Grissini?

Zac: I, yeah.

Brennan: Tell me what rolls you wanna make and we'll make it.

Zac: I just, I guess I'll just make an Insight check about him and his,
guards.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Insight check.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: I'm kinda talking his ear off. About my training regimen.

Zac: Insight? 23.

Brennan: Cool. You look at Commander Grissini. You see him talking to his men.
You see he's gesturing to these brigands. They're like helping to investigate
other, like taking the body of the Tartguard into the wagons. He looks up at
you and goes,

Grissini: It's a miracle that nobody died here.

Lapin: I know. This was horrible.

Grissini: You are a, well, of course you are Primogen of the Church. (hand
gesture)

Lapin: Yes sir. (waves hands around vaguely in response)

Grissini: Wise primogen, I don't know what miracles you have worked here
today, but thank you for them.

Brennan: You, the bead you’re gonna get with the 23 is that he's straight up.
That he's like, was sent here. This is the borderland. He was probably waiting
down the road for you. In fact, you actually hear come at the road, the other
Tartguard that were down, your like advance guard of people you sent, ends up
coming back with these guys. He was sent here to escort you. He looks, with a
23, which is very high. He looks ashamed. He looks fucked up that he wasn't
able to get here earlier. I mean, you see that he would probably have tendered
his resignation if anyone had died here. And is like dealing with the fact
that he would have dishonored himself had anyone here lost their life.

Zac: Okay. Well, I'm just going to say,

Lapin: You owe the king your life.

Grissini: I owe the king my life?

Lapin: Just for the future.

Amethar: Okay, oh yeah.

Grissini: I understand.

Brennan: With the 23 though you do see something, he looks at Ruby and
something crosses his eyes and he can't quite look at Ruby.

Zac: Can I make a—

Emily: Is this because magic is a little bit of, a little taboo?

Brennan: You see, Lord Cruller walks up to you, Ruby, he says,

Calroy: Remarkable work, Your Highness, things are going to get very
complicated in Comida. I don't suggest you pull off tricks like that again
lightly.

Ruby: I don't even know what I was doing. When I was dead I saw Aunt Lazuli
and perhaps... magic.

Calroy: That's the exact kind of thing that we are never going to say out loud
again.

Ruby: Okay.

Zac: I wanna talk to the guard again and using Deception, say,

Lapin: This one is touched by the Bulbian faith.

Ruby: Amen.

Brennan: Give me a Deception roll with disadvantage.

(Emily whistles)

Zac: 12.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second.

Siobhan: Shit.

Brennan: 12. I'm gonna do one last Box of Doom.

Ally: Wow!

(intense music)

Brennan: He gets a plus 2 to this roll for Insight? 10 or higher he knows
something’s up.

Brennan rolls in the box. The roll is almost too quick to see, but to the
camera it looks like it might be a 1? He sits back down without saying a word.

Lou: Did anybody see? He gonna tell us?

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Grissini: She is touched by the Bulbian… the Bulb has gifted her with this,
gift.

Lapin: Yes.

Grissini: (sighs in relief) The gifts manifest in ways strange and uncommon.
That is a very good to hear. I see that of course traveling in your company,
but I am not surprised the nieces of Saint Citrona, it is, uh, (corrects
himself) Saint Citrina.

Amethar: Get it right.

(Brennan laughs)

Ruby: Yeah, my favorite aunt.

Grissini: My apologies, Your Majesty. We will… The young boys here, we will
clear this tree, we'll be back on the road and we will go through, we'll light
the lanterns. There's no need to stop tonight.

Brennan: Does anyone have any Investigation they want to do here?

Murph: Could we talk to the people in that house that were kidnapped?

Brennan: Yeah absolutely. You see those two little gumball head kids and a
little sort of purple lolly farmer, looks out and says,

Farmer: (rural English accent) Right sir, it were right terrible, them cheese
pirates came in here and they bound us up hand and foot and then they marked
themselves up with rotten meat, sir fish and bacon and the like.

Theobald: Did you overhear them saying anything?

Farmer: They were speaking some gobbledygook. I couldn't really understand.

Theobald: All right.

Farmer: They didn't speak no good Candian and that's for sure.

Theobald: Do you mind if I look around and see if they left anything behind
here?

Farmer: Sir, you being a knight and all, you is welcomed to do as you wish.

Theobald: Appreciate it.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Investigation check.

Murph: Can I have Sprinkle help me?

Brennan: Yeah.

Theobald: Sniff around, Sprinkle.

Murph: 14.

Brennan: You find only what you knew in battle. I'll say this. You don't see
any steeds, you don't see any fucking way that these guys got here. So like
they aren't like marauders, they like sailed to a nearby tributary and then
like got here, however they fucking got here, it's like they don't seem they
got here by outlaw means, if that makes sense. Like there's no way they didn't
like, ride through the forest to get here. There would be like steeds, like
stable somewhere nearby.

Murph: And this dude in this carriage is dairy, right?

Brennan: Yes.

Brennan: Or he's, well, Lord Swirlie's ice cream. So he's loyal to Candia. But
you see he comes out and says,

Lord Swirlie: Hey, we hid in the carriage as long as we could. What a fearsome
uproar outside. Terrible, terrible, but onto Comida, we must I assume.

Theobald: You ever run into cheese bandits?

Lord Swirlie: Many come across the coast in the North of course. Many, many
yes.

Theobald: Chancellor, would you mind coming here for a second?

Lapin: (disgruntled) Why, what—

Theobald: You are a bit more insightful than me.

Murph: Could we do Insight checks on this dude?

Brennan: Do it.

Murph: (rolls) Fuck!

Emily: While they do that, can I look through some of this Carnish weaponry
and see if there's any interesting weaponry that can be thrown from afar?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Like a ranged weapon?

Zac: Uh, 21.

Murph: I got a 7. Good thing I called you over.

Lapin: You're too stupid and I should check, is that what you’re— That felt
mean.

(Murph laughs)

Brennan: You see Lord Swirlie looks like he has greatly diminished himself by
never coming out of the carriage and helping to fight.

Murph: Oh, good.

Brennan: You look over, as you’re talking to him, though, he’s like,

Lord Swirlie: I have no, certainly no clue!

Brennan: You see that Lord Cruller comes over and says,

Calroy: Did you speak to Commander Grissini?

Lapin: Yes.

Calroy: I don't know who's going to be able to speak to his men.

Brennan: You see that the other soldiers that also saw the fog cloud go up are
just doing their work, but keeping their eyes downcast as they look at Ruby.
You see, he says,

Calroy: (hushed) It's not safe for us to discuss anything, but we need to find
a time to speak with us and to the king. And maybe, if your suspicions are
what they are, without Lord Swirlie. Things are not going to end well. If any
of those Ceresian soldiers talk when we get to Comida about what they saw, and
if we tell the king in the wrong way, you know how he's going to solve the
problem.

(Murph and Emily sigh)

Brennan: And with that we end this second episode of A Crown of Candy. Tune in
next week, bye!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 3: Keep
Sharp](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQM4WxyUg0mCsoSdXDNHcOsylwVlrOThP7fS-
PEspvA9kxbBtZT6FXiigTD9mjtqWoQ36NHaY4-_bsB/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647612883828&usg=AOvVaw1P14vlMx7snxn7dUXQhMcV)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

(static sound)

Brennan: Other terrible things that can happen to you short of death.

Ruby: So I just have to lie?

Brennan: You guys head to the capital city of Comida!

Liam: I have no interest in romance, but I would like to be held.

Jet: Can I have my underwear back?

(laughs)

Brennan: Witchcraft brought on an Imperial highway.

(mumbles)

Theobald: Be careful, you don't know who your friends are.

Amethar: I know who my friends are.

Basha: I see you in the melee tomorrow, huh?

Amethar: Yeah, yeah. You fucking will.

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew#2131

Edited by: matthew, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxrTOIiMvSUr0RQDAENjhx9gZeiPX0fJ21YcAv38_4DfVVtt_5Xf0foXjLdjyv4L1W3_92H_O1eFoS5m3I:0)

Episode 3: Keep Sharp

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; and Zac Oyama as Chancellor Lapin Cadbury

Episode 3: Keep Sharp

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQhNtM5qNvfjlpumT4iYAC47RkRwiT8rsx_bI73eBGFiYgDfnw1_tuqxuJ-
PiRnHaHHq5HtmTXcQE4q/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647615960495&usg=AOvVaw2ISDb3nF0_6SpLq8URBcnV)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSrtL_l-2ZFNw-
rwEkK-
qsWlsopaZHsQPnAndx20Xeds-3FgWogpm4AFsPjwMsYqFef7c9WcJsdNn3t/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647615961118&usg=AOvVaw27UIw-
dxmwYMQFyDiEXd05)] >

(dramatic music)

Brennan: Hello, one and all, and welcome back to A Crown of Candy! My name is
Brennan Lee Mulligan, these, as always, are our intrepid heroes, say hi,
intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh!

Emily: What did you say?

Brennan: What did, what happened?

Ally: Nothing. (laughs)

Emily: All right, look forward to seeing whatever just happened.

Zac: I know what happened. (laughter) It's so insane.

Brennan: Last we left our intrepid heroes, they were at the border of Candia
on the Sucrosi Road. It has been 20 years since the end of the Ravening War
between the Six Kingdoms of Calorum, and since that time, it has been 20 years
of peace, governed over by the Concordant Emperor, Gustavo Uvano.

Now according to the laws of the Concord, which give equal precedence to each
of the Six Kingdoms, Gustavo has to choose an heir from a different kingdom,
cannot choose his own biological heir, as it must come from a different
nation. This is the compact that was signed at the end of the Great War
between all of the various heads of state.

Letter arrived that Gustavo has fallen ill, and so, King Amethar Rocks and his
family, the Princesses Jet and Ruby, his advisor, the Chancellor Lapin
Cadbury, his Lord Commander of his forces, a knight, Sir Theobald Gumbar, and
a royal ward, being kept hostage as part of a political negotiation with the
rebel House Jawbreaker, have all headed to Comida, the capital of the
Concordant Empire.

They were waylaid on their way by a group of marauders wielding bacon steel
weapons and various meat crossbows, but when they struck them down, their
blood ran cheesy.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: We find our intrepid heroes here at the border with their wagons, the
tree being cleared from the road, it is still in the middle of the day.
Theobald is over at the farmhouse off to the side of the road, talking to some
of the farmers. King Amethar is still very injured and being tended to by some
of his Tartguard.

Liam, you're helping to take the tree off the road, and Ruby, you are seated
in the wagon, you still feel smooth licorice skin where moments before, a
crossbow bolt had gone through your neck. Your doublet is still soaked through
with your own lifeblood. And you are probably seated in one of the carriages,
looking at the house words of House Rocks, "In Sweetness There is Strength"
written on the side of the carriage. And you feel something soggy and oozing
blood in your doublet, or something in there that's caught a lot of blood
somehow.

Siobhan: I reach into the doublet to see what it is.

Brennan: It's the Swirler Sisters flyer, it's the circus flyer. And it's been
soaked through with your own blood.

Ruby: (disappointed) Oh, oh!

Siobhan: I use Prestidigitation to clean it up.

Brennan: (mimics whooshing) The blood vanishes, actually sorry, hold on one
second.

Siobhan: I'm in the carriage on my own!

Brennan: You, even as you begin casting it, you see that Lord Cruller steps in
with Lapin. Lord Cruller, with that swashbuckler dexterity, reaches out and
(claps) grabs your hand, and goes,

Calroy: (very quietly) I understand. The door was open just a crack. Now might
be the time to start practicing, Your Highness. My apologies.

Brennan: And he lets go of the royal hand.

Ruby: Practicing what?

Calroy: Discretion, Your Highness.

Ruby: But we're from Candia! We're--

Calroy: Yes, we're from Candia. We are from a land that is extremely
permissive when it comes to magic. We had a proud princess of the Bulbian
Church who was canonized and sainted, and we had another princess, her dear
sister, who was given the title archmage.

Now when you travel outside of Candia in diplomatic envoy, and people ask
about the Archmage Lazuli Rocks, do you know what we have all been trained in
the embassy of your father, the king, to say? Well, (laughs) archmage is title
given as an anachronism, a bit of ancient holdover from times long gone. I
think you shall find that the Archmage Lazuli was actually just a proficient
alchemist, and the marvels that she worked on the battlefield were a result of
discoveries that have nothing more to do with magic than a common potion maker
in a shop.

These things must be handled carefully, and even though everybody knows that
something is one way, the art of politics is being able to smile and pretend
it's another.

Ruby: So I just have to lie? And everybody else has to lie, even though
everybody knows what the truth is?

Calroy: Ah, you've gotten it, yes, very good.

Lapin: Yes, exactly, that's exactly right. If you don't, if people knew what I
did, and where I got my power, I would be dead.

Ruby: And the life that you're living now is… Sorry, that's rude.

Lapin: It's not worth it to die for this.

Theobald: Those people who shot you on—

Brennan: Theobald walks into the carriage from the—

Murph: Sorry, I thought I was with these guys.

Brennan: Yeah, you've finished talking to the farmers, the farmers are the
one, so you just had your revelation about like, you don't see any steeds,
there's no meeps, or horses, or Dairy steeds, or anything like that around
that you would've, so you're, you've just sort of gotten that little question
mark on the end of this mystery with marauders, but you walk in and catch this
conversation in the carriage.

Theobald: Yes. It's likely that whoever did this, that this was obviously some
kind of coordinated attack. Probably because of the way Candia is.

Ruby: That's--

Lapin: Can we gather all the children around?

Theobald: Yes, let's get--

Emily: I actually wanted to have a conversation with Liam.

Brennan: You walk over to Liam outside, you see the Tartguard are taking the,
they're looking around, it's a fuckin' miracle that, I mean, truly, I wish you
guys had been behind the screen, because statistically, that's an
impossibility that none of them would've died. But the Tartguard are all being
carried off into the wagons, and there's sort of, I mean, something really
scary happened, but the fact that there wasn't a casualty has kind of given
you guys a feeling, I mean, the Tartguard all got to watch their royalty do a
bunch of badass magic and fucking fend off 12 marauders in the middle of the
road, after an ambush, and no, and everyone has survived to tell the tale.
Also, the imperial guard are now here helping out.

You walk over, you see, as you're chopping the tree up, go ahead and give me a
nature check, Liam.

Ally: Sure, yeah. 10.

Brennan: You chop something up, and you see that there's a little crook in the
tree that opens up, and a couple of little swirly, they're like mint acorns,
but they were concealed in the trunk of the tree and kind of roll out and
sparkle on the ground.

Ally: Ooh, can I take them?

Brennan: You see that Peppermint Preston looks over and goes, (mimics squeals,
snorts).

Ally: Does he want to eat it? I'll feed 'em to Preston.

Preston: (gobbling, snorting) (belches)

(Emily laughs)

Liam: Good boy!

Ally: Can I look for more, are there more of them?

Brennan: These are pretty rare, you haven't seen a seed like this, this is
like a seed that's been matured in the heart of the tree. You see Preston
begins to run down the road, and you see he goes, (mimics squeals) (mimics
blasting) and a blast of peppermint smoke just comes out of, kind of his ass,
and he-- (laughter) He just, it doesn't, it's not like, it's not that
constant, it kind of just comes out of his backside, but it probably also
comes mostly out of his ass. And he rockets up, suddenly, like greatly
increasing in speed, and goes, like, (mimics blast) and then goes, (mimics
exploding firework reports) and falls and lands on the roof of the farmhouse.

Ally: Uh, I guess I--

Brennan: Jet, you're walking over to Liam and see this as well.

Jet: Oh. You are busy, go, tend to your, to your magnificent creature. I'll
get, I'll catch you later.

Liam: What?

Jet: I was just gonna try and have a little private conversation with you, but
now is not the time, your pig is on a roof.

Liam: No, come with me! He'll walk over. Preston!

Preston: (squeals)

Liam: Get down!

Brennan: He looks scared, he doesn't know how to get down.

(Emily laughs)

Liam: What just happened? Okay, well, will you help me get him down?

Jet: Yeah, absolutely.

Emily: I'll climb and go get the pig.

Brennan: Cool, if you want to give me an Animal Handling check, and you want
to give me an Acrobatics check to get up there.

Ally: Oh, 21.

Brennan: 21, cool.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: 23.

Brennan: Cool. You get up and successfully, you're able to talk, calm Preston
down.

Emily: Can I fireman carry Preston down?

Brennan: Yeah! He's very small, but you kind of wrap him a little bit around
your—

Ally: He's like an airplane pillow.

(Brennan laughs)

Emily: Can I airplane pillow him down?

Brennan: Yeah, he's tingly to the touch, and you feel, he kind of feels cool
to the touch, and then he sort of wiggles around a little bit, it seems like
he's got a lot more energy.

Ally: Can I find out what this is, can I roll to see--

Brennan: Yeah! Give me a Nature check.

Ally: All right, yeah.

Brennan: We'll call it DC 20.

Ally: Oh yeah, 24. Or 23.

Brennan: You remember some lore about these, what are called heart seeds,
which are basically like, when a tree has a little bit of magic in it, either,
it's like sometimes passing druids and rangers will animate a tree to fight
for them, or they'll speak to a tree to see if some shit happened, or do some
little, you know, magical thing like teleport through it, or something,
there's a bunch of spells that people can do that use a tree.

When they do it with a peppermint tree, what ends up happening is, that magic
leaves a little bit of residue, and it begins to form, takes acorns and seeds
of the thing, that captures some of that residue magic, and the tree holds on
to them, as a way of, they're almost like tiny little wishes or something, but
they're not something that you could take and name a wish on, they don't work
verbally, they're just little things that make something you want to come true
magically come true. They're extremely rare.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: And it seems like Preston wanted to be able to fly.

Ally: Cool! That's a really cute wish for Preston. Are there any more of 'em?

Emily: Yeah, I'd love--

Brennan: He ate all three of them, and it seems like that might've been what
it took to get, they're not very powerful wishes. They're like, call 'em like
an eighth, he's got three eighths of a wish in him right—

Liam: Preston wants to fly. I need to make that happen a little bit more
often.

Jet: But maybe he does now.

Liam: When it's time to travel, I’ll hold him out the window.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: Game statistics wise, oh, by the way, we should also say, as normal
in Dimension 20, our characters have all leveled up, but Ruby, Jet, and Liam
all actually leveled up twice, so they're, so Liam has joined the rest of the
party at fourth level.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: And our princesses are now at third level. Preston now has a fly
speed of 40.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: But has to end his turn on solid ground, so his flight usually gives
out after a second or two.

Ally: That makes sense.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: That's cute.

Emily: Aw, he's like a little jet!

Ally: Yeah!

Liam: Hey, so what's up?

Jet: Oh! (clears throat) Okay, well. (clears throat) I've just been trying to
think about how to do this, but I need your help.

Liam: Okay.

Jet: Okay, but I know that me coming to you as, you know, the heir to the
throne, and you're sort of in an uncomfortable, I mean, I think we can both
agree that your wardship is, no one feels good about it, right?

Liam: No, yeah. I feel very uncomfortable all the time.

Jet: Yeah, I know. And I want you to know that I'm asking for your help
because, not in any, ignore status, okay? 'Cause I don't think you should be
imprisoned, so just put that, I'm asking for your help, and you're free to say
no, is what I'm trying to say here.

Liam: Oh, okay, yeah, yeah, what's up?

Jet: Okay. I would like to ask for your help to watch over Ruby, because I
think that, think that I can protect her with my sword, and I know that my dad
can protect her with his rage, and I know that everyone else can protect her,
but I think we need someone who has your eyes and ears.

Liam: Okay, yeah! I mean, Preston can set a few alarms on her, and we know if
she moves, or--

Jet: Yeah, or just like, I don't know, at night, maybe.

Liam: Yeah, we can set a bunch of alarms. Preston's really good at that, he's
a watch pig. (sound of oinking)

Jet: Okay. Wow--

Liam: He's a lot of different kinds of pigs.

Jet: A lot better than I thought, I was ready to, I mean, just so you know, I
was going to offer myself in debt to you.

Liam: I mean, I have one friend. He can't talk. He's a pig.

(All laughing)

Liam: I'm kind of like in the position to offer my services.

Jet: Okay.

Liam: So really don't worry about it.

Jet: Well, I am in your debt.

Liam: Yeah, you're in my debt now.

Jet: Cool, cool.

Liam: You owe me, man, if you could find a really cool seed on there, I think
I just found the coolest seed ever, and Preston ate it, so I can't press it in
my book, but—

Emily: I drop to my knee and I say,

(trumpet salute)

Jet: My lord, I will find you the greatest seed. But first, I'm gonna go look
for a cool Carnish sword.

Liam: Okay, cool!

Jet: Okay.

Liam: Yeah.

Jet: Or not sword, shield. Okay. Thank you.

Liam: You're looking for a shield?

Jet: Yeah.

Liam: Oh, cool.

Jet: But anyways. So, thank you for that.

Liam: Yeah, yeah, it was fun.

Jet: But don't tell Ruby, I don't want her to feel like, you know.

Liam: Yeah, Preston's really discreet.

Jet: Okay. Yeah, he's pretty discreet. (laughs)

Liam: Just flew up on the roof. (Emily laughs) But usually he's very discreet!
Isn't that right, Preston?

Preston: (squeals)

Liam: Did you have any dreams last night, Preston?

Preston: (oinks) Mm-hmm!

Liam: I did too. I had one where—

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: Wounded King Amethar, where is he at? You obviously, you know,
Constano Grissini, the commander, is standing with you to make sure that you
are healed, and while your Tartguard are surrounding you, you see he looks at
you and says,

Grissini: (Italian accent) Your Majesty, I am only too grateful that your men
will all survive. If they had not, I would have forsworn my oath and resigned,
laid down my spear and shield.

Amethar: I mean, we are perfectly, you know, we can handle ourselves, but—

Grissini: Clearly you can. I see by many of the bodies of these marauders
around here that you unleashed Payment Day.

Amethar: (laughs) I mean, you know. I tell you, Theobald and Lapin are awful
to have to spend time with when there's no fighting to be done, but I'll tell
you.

(Emily laughs)

Amethar: It's nice to see Theobald acting like his old self. God, even Cruller
was in the mix. It felt good, honestly. Felt really, really good. So honestly,
thank you for showing up late.

Brennan: (laughs) You see he sort of looks heartbroken and goes,

Grissini: Ah, I suppose I will have to accept that praise, Your Majesty. If
you wish to rest, we can find accommodation on the road through Fructera,
there are imperial gatehouses and garrisons that we can stay at, but if you
wish to simply make as much headway as we can to Comida, we can travel through
the night, we will have lanterns, and there are more guards, and your advance
guard as well, down the road.

Amethar: We should make haste. There's no point, I'm the only one hurting
enough to sit around, and I have no interest in sitting.

Brennan: He nods to you and says,

Grissini: Very well. His Majesty has spoken. Imperial guard, get ready. We are
going to head out.

Brennan: You see they finish moving the tree out of the way, they saddle up
the meeps. These guys, you know, your Tartguard are boarded on top of the
wagons.

Jet: Perhaps I should ride with the imperial soldiers, father?

Zac: I would like to, are we leaving now? No?

Brennan: Unless there's any business you guys have here at the farmhouse, you
see the family has been freed, you guys, you do find a Carnish shield, there
is a nasty--

Emily: What does it look like?

Brennan: It looks like, you know, when you're making a steak, but and you're
making it in a cast iron pan, and some of the edge of the steak comes off, but
it blackens so fast that you can't see it against the cast iron pan, and then
the next day you're like, what the hell is that? Ugh, and it's like a chunk of
just blackened, oily meat. That.

Jet: I shall call it Burnt Ends.

(All laugh)

Theobald: Chancellor, did you want to talk to—

Lapin: Yes, I would like to talk to—

Theobald: Soldiers who were suspicious?

Lapin: I, (sighs) I would. I don't know… It feels like, what's done is done a
little bit there, but I can try to chat with them.

Murph: What is, I'm so sorry, what is the cake dude's name again?

Brennan: Oh, Lord Cruller.

Theobald: Lord Cruller, do you have an opinion on, is there anything that can
be done?

Calroy: I mean, I think, look. This is, I think we can all agree, let's get in
the carriage, 'cause they want us to go right now. And anything that we're
going to do doesn't have to happen—

Liam: You guys, I found a seed, I gave it to my pig, and he could fly! It was
so cool!

Jet: It was really cool, he got stuck on the roof!

Lapin: Shut up!

(laughter)

Jet: Don't talk to my sister like that! I'm going to ride with the imperial
force!

Theobald: Let's get in the carriage.

Emily: I sing in twin speak to Ruby,

Jet: ♪ I'm going to keep an eye on them. ♪

Ruby nods back.

Brennan: (laughs) You see that, so you guys have to kind of pack up because
five of the Tartguard are injured and are in one of the wagons now. So Lord
Cruller gets, is now in there with you. Poncival has moved to another wagon,
so this wagon is Lapin, King Amethar, Ruby, (to Jet) if you're outside with
the guards, that's okay. Theobald, Liam, in you're in here as well, and Lord
Cruller and his wife, the Lady Donetta are both in here.

Lou: Lord Cruller and his wife?

Brennan: His wife, the Lady Donetta's here, she was in the third carriage.

She looks pretty rattled, but she's got a giant donut head, it's like a
swirled kind of like a cruller head. You see that your, your sort of servants
and stuff

are a little bit scared to keep walking on the road. You see that Limon goes,

Limon: (tortured British accent) Well, I can't believe we survived that, I
thought we were all dead for sure (laughs awkwardly).

Theobald: All thanks to you, Limon.

Limon: Really?

Theobald: Yeah.

Amethar: Honestly, Limon, people jumping on your head was important.

Limon: Well--

Theobald: Honestly, a part of it.

Limon: I always knew it was good for people to step all over me!

Amethar: Hey Limon, before we go, will you go chase Master Dippins out of that
tree?

Limon: All right, Master Dippins, we've gotta go!

Brennan: And you see that he puts his halberd up and shakes it in the tree.
And you see that Master Dippins falls out with just peppermint apples, his
pockets full of them, and he goes,

Dippins: (gruff British accent) All right, well, I was staying up there to
make sure that everything was all right. Sometimes people come back to the
scene of the crime.

Amethar: Oh.

Lapin: All those people we killed.

Dippins: Yep.

Lapin: Would come back to the scene of the—

Dippins: Back from the dead!

Brennan: And he does a backwards somersault, and goes into one of the
carriages.

(All laugh)

Ally: To leave a weird thing that you've said in a backwards somersault is
amazing.

Emily: I take note.

Siobhan: It was cool.

Ally: (mimics British accent) Back from the dead. (laughs)

Brennan: You guys head out, so Jet, you go to walk outside. You see, the
Tartguard all kind of look—

Theobald: Yeah, Princess Jet, um— (gestures for her to get back inside)

Jet: I had a moment with someone on the battlefield, and I thought maybe we
might like to walk next to each other. Hi, Lord Criscolioni.

Criscolioni: (Italian accent) What, oh. Your Highness, I am not a lord of any
sort, I am a lowborn—

Jet: Well, you fight like a lord.

Theobald: He's not though! So Princess Jet, if you would.

Lapin: Excuse me, Princess Jet, I would—

Theobald: Yes!

Lapin: Your Highness, please, join us for, we're—

Theobald: King Amethar, if she comes, it's because I yelled for her first,
just to be clear.

Liam: Hey Theo, I'm here. (Emily laughs) Don't worry, I came right away.

Brennan: You see Constano looks up at you and says,

Constano: (Italian accent) Just for the time being, I shall walk on the road.
Perhaps when the sun gets a little lower in the sky, I will take the reins of
these Candian meep here, if you wish to talk battle strategy and the heroics
of the princesses of Candia, which are, of course, legendary.

Jet: Yeah, well, after today, I agree, yes, you're right. You know what? I'll
brush the meep (laughs) until you're ready.

Lapin: Please join us.

Theobald: I'm gonna have to insist—

Siobhan: I say in twinspeak,

Ruby: They're gonna keep doing this, until you come in here, please. I'm a
prisoner for some reason!

Amethar: What are you singing?

Ruby: Nothing.

Jet: My sister calls, and so I'll see you later, when we can, you know, rein
the meep together. As it were.

Lapin: God.

(All laugh)

Siobhan: What happened to the avocado? Forgotten so soon!

Emily: I come in and I'm like,

Jet: Ruby, I was trying to fucking spy on them so that I can make sure that
they're not mad at you!

Lapin: Can we have a conversation that is very frank right now?

Jet: Do I also think he's hot? Is there something swelteringly sexy about the
fact that I'm trying to spy on someone who’s attractive? Yes!

Theobald: Everyone needs to learn a little self preservation, here.

Lapin: Well put.

Amethar: Wait, what the fuck? Did you just agree?

Ruby: That's your, we don't need self preservation.

Ally: I think I lean over, and I'm like,

Liam: (whispering to Jet) do you speak Ceresian?

Jet: (whispering) No, but I can pretend to.

Liam: (whispering) Okay, well, I actually do, if you need my help.

Jet: (whispering) Oh!

Theobald: Liam-- That is smart.

Liam: (whispering) Did you have any dreams last night?

Lapin: (incredulously) Last night? Before the battle?

Jet: I did have a dream, but I had—

Theobald: Liam, you had a really good idea, and then you followed up, just the
first idea was great!

Liam: I don't get to have, you know, that's all business. I just like to have
a pleasure conversation.

Jet: So I've never been with an avocado before, but in my dreams--

Calroy: (cutting Jet off) All right.

Theobald: Yes, Liam, fantastic idea. If you were to ride outside and listen in
on them, that would be fantastic. They wouldn't even, they wouldn't expect you
to be able to speak Ceresian at all.

Liam: Ah yeah, maybe after we have a conversation about what dreams we all
had.

Lapin: (pressing his fingers into his eyes) I—

Liam: Did you have any dreams, Lapin?

Lapin: We're all going to die. Unless you listen to me right now.

Liam: A heavy dream.

Brennan: Lord Cruller goes over and says,

Calroy: I think it might be an overstatement that we are all going to die.
Let's talk about--

Lapin: I think we are all going to die if we don't--

Calroy: Lapin, as a friend, that is a condition you may be experiencing as
true, but it might say more about you than the situation.

Lapin: I think--

Jet: Oh shit, you got put in your place by a cake.

Lapin: I, okay.

Ruby: They're not gonna kill me, I'm a princess.

Calroy: Well, that is true that they--

Theobald: They shot you with an arrow!

Jet: I put my body on top of your lifeless body, your mortality has never been
more real to me, okay? I am going to go out there and possibly flirt with a
handsome enemy--

Ruby: Why are you siding with them?

Jet: To save you.

Theobald: Princess Jet, they would have killed you too, if you were outside of
the wagon.

Liam: My dream had a big tree. Now we’re talking—

Lapin: Could I just say one to two specific things before we move on?

(Emily laughs)

Calroy: I think the children are addled by their exploits in battle, and I
think that's all right. What we need to discuss, we have two issues at hand.
Number one, we were just attacked in an obvious, I will say it, that was not
bandits, that was an assassination attempt on your father, the king.

(Amethar sighs)

Calroy: What I will say as well is this. Your Highness, you will not be killed
for casting a spell, all of the people who saw the spell are lowborn soldiers.
Their word against the word of Candian nobility, they will not threaten the
Concord for the word of some lowborn soldiers. Death is not on the line. But
there are other terrible things that can happen to you, short of death. Would
you consider it a life worth living if, say, the story comes from these low
born soldiers that perhaps, one of the princesses of Candia was dabbling in
witchcraft, things not of the Bulb, and Her Holiness, the Hierophant Rex of
the Bulbian Church were to take an interest in this matter, and decide that it
would be best if the younger non-heir princess of Candia were to be compelled
to serve in a monastery, and--

Jet: Oh, guess what the heir princess would do if they did that?

Calroy: Leave the Concord?

Jet: Fuck yeah.

Lapin: (rubbing the bridge of his nose) We're all going to die.

Jet: (flipping two middle fingers) Fuck the Bulb!

Ruby: Why are we letting them tell us what to do?

Lou: I slam Payment Day into the carriage.

Amethar: Nobody likes where we are! Which means, we need to be together. The
space we are in is not of our choosing. The people we are with is. Stop
fighting! Start listening!

Lou: Then I pass out.

(All laugh)

Brennan: You just fuckin' sleep! You see that immediately, the Lady Donetta
looks over and goes,

Lady Donetta: I shall tend to His Majesty.

Brennan: And begins to tend to His Majesty's wounds. You see that Lord Cruller
looks bashful, in the wake of what the king has said. He looks up at the two
of you and says,

Calroy: You have lived both of your lives as some of the most prodigious,
brilliant, remarkable young women that the world of Calorum has ever seen. And
you have been surrounded on all sides by people who love and cherish you, and
your father. Your mother as well. I tell this to you now, before you were
born, the world was not as gentle as it is now. And it can become ungentle
again, if we are less than prudent.

Ruby: I just don't understand why this thing that I can do, that helps other
people, is so bad. I mean, if--

Theobald: It's not—

Lapin: It's not bad.

Ruby: If the Bulb created us, he also gave me these powers, right?

Lapin: It's not from the Bulb.

Zac: Right?

Brennan: That's correct.

Jet: You know, the Carnish people are polytheistic, perhaps, I'm saying there
are, is more than one power, other than the Bulb.

Calroy: We're not talking about theology, Your Highnesses, we're talking about
politics. At now, the, if you travel to the city of Carn, as I have, and you
see the realm that has been built there by the meatlanders, great statues to
the beasts of the Meat Lands, the great cow, the great hen, the great boar.
These spirits exist there. However, the Warlord of the Beef Clans, Basha
Myaso, who's coming to Comida for the Grand Tournament, he has sworn on the
Book of Leaves that he is a Bulbian. The reason he has done that is because no
Oath of the Concord can be considered binding if that person is not Bulbian.
Now, is Basha Myaso actually a devout Bulbian? I sincerely doubt it, but as
we've covered before, sometimes everybody has to say a thing, even though we
all know it's not true.

Jet: With all due respect, I understand that that is the reality of politics
now, but since we are about to be the future of politics, I think it is
important that we sometimes question when the reality of politics could be
better.

Calroy: Wiser words never spoken. And—

Jet: With that being said, I'll shut the heck up.

Calroy: I think that asking these questions once you have secured power is a
wonderful time to ask these questions. (sighs)

Ruby: So I'm just in trouble.

Calroy: Well, we don't know, but let's talk about what our options are.

Liam: Preston's butt got freezer burn.

(laughter)

Liam shows off Preston’s butt.

Jet: (quietly) Ruby, do you know anything for freezer burn?

Ruby: I'm not allowed to!

Jet: Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry! I just wanted to, I'm just curious!

Lapin: I would ask, just to be clear that we had a bit of a conversation
before all of this started, and I think I proved to you my motivations. So I
would ask that we not talk about that as well.

Jet: I gave you my word on battle.

Liam: Sorry I broke your teacup.

Lapin: I don't know what you're talking about.

(Emily laughs)

Lapin: I've never had a teacup.

Liam: Well, I know, I just wanted to say that really quick--

Zac: I throw just a piece of cheese--

Ally: Can I see if he hates me? (laughter) I feel like he hates me.

Brennan: Give me an insight check!

Ally: 4.

Brennan: He hates you. (laughter) You see Cruller looks over at this thing
that is like, happened in front of him that he doesn't know about and says,

Calroy: Did I miss something when I was in the other carriage?

Lapin: They're making things up.

(Zac laughs)

Jet: Why would you, I wasn't even going to tell your secrets, and you threw me
under the cart!

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a deception check real quick.

Zac: 14.

Brennan: Okay. You see that Lord Cruller looks over and says,

Calroy: All right, none of my business.

Brennan: What is Theo thinking, 'cause Theo was in the wagon when the stuff
about the Sugar Plum Fairy occurred.

Murph: Theo's just kind of trying to keep his mouth shut, is there any,
there's, are we moving yet?

Brennan: You are moving in the carriages, there's noise--

Murph: We are moving in the carriages.

Brennan: People can't hear you outside.

Murph: As everybody's kind of fighting with each other, going back and forth,
I think I would like to take, go up to Ruby and be like,

Theobald: Ruby, perhaps you'd like some fresh air, and this time I'll make
sure no one gets shot through the neck.

Ruby: Yes, I would rather not sit in this stupid carriage any longer.

Theobald: Jet, if you'd like to come too?

Jet: Oh yeah!

Liam: I'd love to come.

Jet: Yeah, can I bring Liam?

Ruby: Yeah, can Liam come?

Jet: Liam didn't finish telling me how big the tree in his dream was, and I
feel like that was a bit of a cliffhanger.

Liam: (excited) It was like four arms' worth.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check to see if I think Liam thinks that I hate
him?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

(laughter)

Zac: 9.

Brennan: Liam thinks that you love him. (Zac nodding approvingly) You think
this kid thinks that you're obsessed with him. (Emily laughs)

Lapin: Maybe I should talk to my buddy over here.

(Emily laughs)

Liam: (speaking quietly) I would rather go with you guys.

Jet: I actually--

Theobald: It sounds pretty important.

Ruby: Liam's coming with us!

Jet: Ruby has declared, and right now, we all need to worry about Ruby's
safety, that's what we're all agreeing about, okay?

Brennan: So, you guys continue away from the farm, down the Sucrosi Road. You
step out and start walking alongside them. The imperial guard kind of nods to
you, it's getting later in the day, but you're entering more populated areas,
and it's a little bit less scary, you see more imperial guards showing, you
meet up with your advance guard, and also now it's the 30 of your guards,
minus the five that were wounded, plus another 40 imperial guards, so it's
gone from being like, oh, we're a little stretched out, to being like, we're
on this main highway, and speaking of main highway, you leave the borders of
Candia for the first time. And you join the Glucian Road in Fructera!

Emily: (whispers) Wow!

Brennan: Which is ver—

Siobhan: Oh, it's changing.

(Lights change from pink and purple to green and orange)

Everyone: Ooh!

Ally: Sick!

Brennan: As you travel to Fructera, you see there's orchards of fruit around
here, beautiful rolling melon hills, everything here smells like sweet, but in
kind of a different way than Candia. Candia smells maybe sweeter than here,
but Candia is crisp and bright and magical and strange, this is like a deep,
earthy sweetness, (sudden smooth accent) there's something sensual about this
place.

Jet: (sniffs the air) I knew this is where I'd meet my love.

(Brennan laughs)

Theobald: Something so wrong about this sweetness that's healthy.

Brennan: (laughter) Yeah, Theobald, you take the princess and Liam off to the
side of the road, and you guys are walking through these beautiful fruit
orchards along the caravan.

Murph: All right. As we're within earshot of everyone, I'm like,

Theobald: All right, let's talk about the way we travel. We're not gonna be
doing flip flippity flips on top of the, okay-- (hushed tone) under no
circumstances are you to stop studying magic.

Ruby: (shocked) To stop?

Jet: (enthusiastic) Thank you for saying that!

Theobald: We need to keep it quiet! Liam, I wasn't expecting you to be sort of
in on this, but you seem like a solid dude.

Liam: It's an honor to be included.

Theobald: So, you're in this.

Jet: It's an honor to have you here.

Theobald: And you are, you're a ward of the Rocks family.

Liam: I don't understand how your family all likes each other, I've never
experienced this. My brothers hate me!

Ruby: That's sad.

Liam: Yeah, all of 'em.

Theobald: Your brothers are kind of turds.

Liam: (very sincerely) Thank you for saying that.

Theobald: Yes!

(Emily laughs)

Liam: Wow.

Theobald: But I was once a ward too, I was a ward--

Ruby: What?

Ally: Really?

Theobald: For your Aunt Lazuli.

Ruby: Why are you cool now?

Liam: I knew I liked you.

Theobald: (defiantly) I've always been cool! All of us are cool!

Liam: You're my favorite person.

Theobald: Thank you! You're, you're so solid Liam!

Liam: I want you to have this.

Ally: And I hand you three seeds.

Liam: I think they're candy canes.

Emily: Can I actually take a little food and try and entice Sprinkle to come
hang out with me? Alongside me?

Brennan: Give me a Persuasion check. Or no, give me Animal Handling, sorry.

Emily: Animal Handling? (laughs)

Brennan: Oh no, persuasion, it's a familiar.

Emily: Persuasion, okay. 14.

Sprinkle: (high-pitched babbling)

Jet: Yes, noble creature, be mine.

Brennan: Sort of inchworms up your leg and up your torso. Takes some of the
fruit. You see that Sprinkle is a full, solid sprinkle. No mouth, eyes, or
organs of any visible sort, and the noise that Sprinkle makes appears to come
from maybe a hollow chamber inside of Sprinkle?

Ally: (laughs) That's so scary!

(Brennan laughs)

Jet: Truly a terrifying beast.

Ally: He's bugged?

Brennan: (laughter) You see that—

Zac: Is he a Bluetooth speaker?

(All laugh)

Theobald: I'm not great at magic, okay? This is what I can do.

Sprinkle: (high-pitched babbling)

Brennan: You see Sprinkle's just mashing the long end of its head--

Jet: Look at him, no mercy, no room for mercy!

Brennan: You see Sprinkle reverses, and appears to be able to switch which end
is his head or butt. (Emily laughs)

Theobald: We're working on that.

Jet: Flexible in battle.

Theobald: We're working on head-butt knowledge. But I learned how to animate
Sprinkle from your Aunt Lazuli.

Ruby: Lazuli?

Theobald: Yes. Listen.

Ruby: I saw her!

Theobald: I overheard you saying something about that.

Ruby: When I died! I think.

Theobald: Okay. I'm going to drop some crazy things on you that I thought
maybe I would be able to kind of like, leave crumb-by-crumb, but listen, your
Aunt Lazuli, she was doing some arcane research, she dreams of the same world
that you dream of, where we can just be open with magic. (Jet mouths ‘dreams’
to Liam) Yes, dreams, Liam, dreams.

Liam: I know, I know.

Theobald: And she discovered arcane secrets, ways for us to be more powerful,
live forever. She would, if she were still here, we would be so much further
than we are now, we are living in the dark ages.

Jet: And Rococoa supported her on this, right?

Theobald: Of course!

Jet: (whispering) I knew it! God, she’s so cool.

Theobald: All of the Rocks sisters, Candia, all of these people are more open-
minded than you think, we know that there's more than the Bulb out there.

Towards the end of her life, you know your aunt died sacrificing herself in
battle. I was there on that day. She called down, a downpour of arcane arrows,
took out battalions of enemy forces, and we lost no one but her, she saved all
of our lives. And before she dismissed me, before she saved my life, she said,
and I didn't know what she was doing, but she said she needed to do this to
save our people and save our world.

And I mean, the battle was instrumental, but it seemed like a minor thing for
a powerful archmage to sacrifice herself, but she would sometimes have visions
of the future, and I think she might have known you were coming, if that makes
sense, and she saw some kind of timeline, I… You seeing her when you died, you
being able to do this magic, her saying, she was, I mean, she was not your
Saint Citrina, it is not, it was not--

Ruby: Why haven't you told us any of this stuff?

Theobald: Because this is the type of knowledge that gets you shot through the
neck. But seeing as that's already happened—

Ruby: Now you're cool, okay, cool! Well, you're the—

Theobald: We're all cool! We've all been cool this whole time!

Ruby: You were just hiding it from us!

Liam: I would say.. I'm pretty cool.

Theobald: We're not—

(Emily laughing)

Theobald: Liam has always been cool.

Lapin: Liam, I thought we were hanging out. (laughter) Liam?

Liam: God, he hates me.

Theobald: Listen. Your Aunt Lazuli knew that it was necessary to do this
research in secret until her sister was in a position of power, until your
aunt Rococoa was queen, and she could be her archwizard.

Ruby: But I don't want to be an archwizard, I don't want to do all of that
book stuff.

Theobald: You don't want to do all that book stuff, are you serious, Ruby?
After everything we've just talked—

Ruby: You just met me!

Jet: Ruby, Ruby, I have your back 99.9 percent of the time, but I'm with him
on this one.

Ruby: No!

Jet: That was a lot of shit he just dropped, and you won't crack a book for
that?

Ruby: Et tu, Fruité?

Brennan: (laughs) You see that the Lady Donetta walks out of the carriage and
some of the remaining unwounded Tartguard come out. You see that she walks
over to you and says,

Lady Donetta: I'm tending to King Amethar's wounds. I was wondering if someone
might help me, if there are some medicinal fruits around here, we might be
able to find some help for the king, is anyone here knowledgeable in herb lore
or--

Liam: (puts hand up) Ya got your man right here! What kind of seeds are we
looking for?

Brennan: You see Preston goes, (mimics panting, squeals). (mimics Preston
blasting off and then bouncing to the ground) (Ally laughs) She says,

Lady Donetta: There are a couple of medicinal herbs that should be able to
help us, but you know, I am much more well versed in Candian herb lore, maybe
if you could give me some help.

Brennan: And she's gonna give you the help action on a Nature check.

Ally: Cool!

Emily: Ooh!

Ally: All right. Oh yeah, baby, we're talkin' a 23.

Brennan: Ooh!

Lou: That's what we're talkin', baby!

Brennan: So Liam, you take off to help the Lady Donetta—

Ally: I just fully dive my whole body into a bush.

Liam: Yeah!

Brennan: It's not even a bush, it's just a huge peach, and you just lateral,
(mimics splat).

Liam: There's a pit in here! All right, I'll keep looking! (laughter)

Theobald: Just a seed kid! This kid just loves seeds!

Lapin: I've never heard of—

Jet: He's pretty cool, actually.

Brennan: Cool, so you grab that stuff, you find a lot of medicinal stuff and
end up going back with her to like, and she actually ends up showing you how
to make poultices and cool stuff.

Ally: Honey, this is my way to spend a day! Let me hang out with the big donut
lady! (laughter)

Zac: I have one final d6.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely!

Zac: I'm trying to decide how mean you're going to be to us. (laughter) But I
guess I'll use it—

Siobhan: I would save it.

(Zac sighs)

Emily: Well, could he take a rest on the caravan as we're going?

Zac: Well, it's only after a long rest.

Brennan: I will say that, as you guys, so first of all, is there anything that
you, that Theobald wraps up with the two princesses?

Murph: I think the last thing I want to say is just,

Theobald: So we should all, you should continue your studies. I'll help you,
I'll study too. Jet, if you want to, if you want some banned books, I have
some seriously banned books.

Jet: Would you please give them to me? Give me anything about the lands, the
Meat Lands.

Theobald: You need to stop running away, you need to stop doing flips on
carriages—

Ruby: We're not, why would we run away? You have all of the stuff we always
ever wanted, and you just hid it from us!

Theobald: Everyone just needs to be cool, and then we'll start doing cool
stuff!

Ruby: Everybody's cool! Everybody’s cool--

Theobald: Once we're cool, we'll do cool stuff!

Ruby: Everybody's cool! Apparently everybody's cool!

Jet: If you had acted like this before, we would've asked for a four bedroom
apartment, and you could've lived with us!

Theobald: You didn't deserve my coolness! Return back to the carriage!

Brennan: (laughs) You go back to the carriage, the princesses, I want to say,
so you go back to the carriage, as you're in there administering them,
Amethar, you actually wake up, you have one hit point.

Lou: Great, I mean—

Zac: He has one left?

Lou: I had two, yeah—

Brennan: You had two, oh sorry, yes, yes, yes.

Lou: I just passed out.

Brennan: Oh, that's right.

Murph: You banged your head as you—

Brennan: Sorry, Amethar, you wake up at full health.

Lou: Oh.

Brennan: But feeling very groggy, there's some medicine, you've been bandaged.
And you look up and see young Liam working with the Lady Donetta, Calroy is
there.

Ally: I'm in an apron.

(Emily laughs)

Liam: (stirring) Hi, king!

Amethar: Hi, hello, Liam. Do I have you to thank for this?

Liam: Oh well, it was me and Mrs. Donut.

Lady Donetta: Lady Donetta.

Amethar: Lady Donetta.

Liam: Yeah, mm-hmm. Mama Donut.

Lady Donetta: That's not my name.

(laughter)

Ally: My Charisma, I have a negative two to Charisma. (laughter) So I would
imagine I get everyone's name wrong all the time.

Lady Donetta: Liam was extraordinarily helpful in procuring the ingredients
for these balms, Your Majesty.

Amethar: Oh wow. Did you say, oh, balms, not—

Lady Donetta: Balms.

Amethar: Not bombs, okay. (laughs)

Jet: Can we make a bomb, I was thinking we should give one to Licorina.

Brennan: You guys are actually still outside, finishing up with—

Zac: Am I here?

Brennan: Yes, Lapin, you're here as well.

Amethar: Oh, well, thank you, Liam.

Lapin: (leaning in) My king.

Amethar: (surprised) Whoa, okay, all right!

Lapin: (touches Amethar’s shoulder) How are you feeling?

Murph: (laughter) Just a little touch!

Amethar: I'm feeling much better, Lapin, and thank you for all your help
during the battle. It was essential.

Lapin: Essential.

Amethar: I forgot how useful you can be, out there as well as in the castle.

Lapin: Of course.

Amethar: And Liam, thank you so much, you know, you got your say, you got, you
know, you and your dad both have this knack for the nature stuff that, I don't
know. Always made him fun to be around.

Liam: Oh, cool! Yeah, my dad was fun to be around? That's weird.

Amethar: Yeah. I mean, your dad was a hero to me.

Liam: Cool.

Amethar: And he, he taught me everything I know about fighting. My father was
weak. Your father, hey, he was strong.

Liam: Oh, cool! I, yeah, my dad, yeah, he's a nice guy, but I just feel like
I'm pretty different from all my family, pretty sure I—

Amethar: Yeah.

Liam: Was adopted and no one's telling me or something, that's kind of the
only thing that would make sense.

Amethar: You are wearing an apron, I don't think I ever saw your dad—

Liam: Yeah?

Amethar: Wearing an apron.

Liam: The best thing about the apron is, it kind of tickles your knees. You
know, it's a good tickle.

Amethar: (pauses) Where are my daughters?

(All laugh)

Siobhan: Can I just ask Theo, as we're walking,

Ruby: How did you get Sprinkle?

Theobald: I cast a spell that your aunt taught me.

Ruby: (quietly) Can I, can I do that?

Theobald: (whispering) Yes, I'll teach you, but we need to be really down low
about it.

Ruby: (whispering) Okay!

Emily: I'm fitting Sprinkle with a little thing so I can try and ride him.

Brennan: Cool. Under no circumstances will I allow that. (laughter)

Emily: But I could try, though, can I?

Murph: Please don't kill Sprinkle.

Brennan: You can absolutely try.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: I will not stand for it.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: (pointing aggressively) Not this season, not Season Five.

Jet: I see, it is a spirit that can't be tamed.

(laughter)

Ally: You're gonna kill Sprinkle!

Jet: I apologize, Sprinkle.

Brennan: As Amethar looks for his daughters, you see that Lord Cruller turns
to you and says,

Calroy: You know that your cousin and your father fought side-by-side in the
Ravening War.

Liam: Not a big war guy.

Calroy: Well—

Liam: Not a big war guy.

Calroy: Sure, all right. You're hard to bond with.

(All laugh)

Liam: No, I would love to hear what you had to say!

Calroy: No, I just, Liam. We're heading— You've been party to a lot of very
dangerous information. And I want you to know that if it has not been made
clear to you already by either the queen or myself or your cousin, the king,
your situation as a hostage with us is the best of all possible worlds. Your
father is able to keep his castle, and all of his children and his lands and
his fighting forces, and not even agree to the Concord, remain as a rebel
state openly, because of the nature of the treaty that was worked out between
him and the House of Rocks, so you staying here is what enables your father to
keep his independence, his freedom, his lands, and not only Amethar, but his
fallen sisters all were incredibly supportive of your uncle when he seceded.
Did he ever tell you why he seceded?

Liam: Yeah, he said last king was a pussy, and everybody a pussy, and—

Calroy: He did have a blunt way with words, yes.

Liam: Yeah, yeah, and I don't know, everyone just kind of thinks that the
whole candy, you know, all the kings and stuff were lame, and that we should,
you know, kind of kill them or whatever.

Calroy: He was a little blunt, but he seceded because your uncle, King Jadain,
would not uphold Candia's alliances. Your father made himself a traitor to
fight alongside our allies in the Dairy Islands.

Liam: Yeah, I think I have heard that one, yeah. 'Cause he wouldn't, they
needed our help, and we said no, and so my dad just went and helped them
anyway.

Calroy: That's correct.

Liam: Yeah, that sounds pretty cool. I think, yeah, I think my brothers and
stuff, they really hate (quietly) the king. And they just kind of think like,
he's probably just like his brother, but yeah, again, I'm not really a war
guy.

Calroy: Well, no one is until the war comes.

Liam: (thoughtfully) Hmm.

Brennan: You see that you guys continue along the road. It's many more days to
get to Comida. As you make your way towards Comida, though, you guys stay in
small keeps and castles, provincial lords put out their best royal welcome, as
much as they can, as the royal family of Candia comes through their lands. The
imperial guard swells, you know, you see other people on their way to Comida
for the Grand Tournament.

And as you move through these lands, you end up at night practicing. Now you
guys are, you know, these young princesses who are now finding that the open
attitudes towards arcane magic that are held in Candia, in the more
theocratically minded kingdoms of Calorum, the attitudes shift a little bit.

However, with locked doors, and with plenty of safe Tartguard keeping you guys
away from other prying eyes, you begin to learn the Find Familiar spell. And
right—

Jet: I try to do it too.

Theobald: You're more of a, you're more like your Aunt Rococoa.

Jet: We're twins!

Theobald: Why don't you go back to attacking me, and I try to block it.

Jet: Okay!

Brennan: (laughs) You see, right before dawn on your final day, you step out
onto the balcony, you cast the spell. (mimics whoosh) And nothing happens. And
stepping on to the balcony in the pre-dawn light, you see with your archer's
vision, a tiny shape coming out of the sky. And its wings spread. (mimics bird
screech) A butterscotch falcon lands on your arm.

Ruby: (delighted) Hello!

(Falcon chirps)

Ruby: What's your name?

(A beat, then more chirping)

Ruby: Yak? Your name is Yak? (chirping) All right, I'll call you Yak.

Brennan: (laughter) Yak the Falcon, hold on one second.

Lou: Here we go!

Brennan: (hands over a spell card) Here's Yak the Falcon.

Siobhan: Oh, I love him!

Brennan: He's made of butterscotch, so naturally, he looks quite old, he looks
kind of like, you know how some birds get very, they get, it's simultaneously
very distinguished, but also grumpy looking? He's like a very distinguished,
grumpy-looking butterscotch falcon.

(Yak chirps)

Siobhan: I find some of Liam's seeds, and I feed them to the falcon.

Yak: (gnawing) (chirruping)

Ruby: What do you want, do you want, what do you eat, boy?

Brennan: See, (mimics whoosh) he takes to wing and starts hunting over the
Fructeran fields.

Theobald: This is much better than Sprinkle already.

(Brennan laughs)

Theobald: No offense, Sprinkle.

Sprinkle: (angry high pitched babbling)

Ruby: I love Sprinkle.

Theobald: I'm so sorry, Sprinkle.

Brennan: He just changes his head to butt and shuffles like a train back and
forth.

Jet: You invite the wrath of Sprinkle?

Theobald: We need to learn head to butt, Sprinkle.

Ruby: Sprinkle, I hope that you and Yak can be friends.

Sprinkle: (high pitched babbling)

Brennan: You see, (laughs) yeah, it's still pre-dawn light. You are spending
time with your falcon, and Theo, you have taught the princess a spell that
you, you know, you were never a wizardly minded guy, and it was just your
admiration for the Princess Lazuli, and looking out over like, you can't help
but notice that as the sky shifts, the entire sky is the same indigo in that
pre-dawn light as night begins to fade, and as a small wind kicks up, and for
a moment, you swear you could feel a smile somewhere on the horizon.

(gentle music)

Theobald: (exhales) Princess Ruby, I'm sorry, but you do have a lot of reading
to do in the coming days.

Ruby: Ugh!

Theobald: I do think you're both destined for great things.

(Brennan laughs)

Jet: A quick twin check-in. Like, if it, me versus Yak. I'm still number one,
right?

Ruby: Yeah, sure, and me versus Liam, I'm still number one, right?

Jet: Absolutely, absolutely.

Ruby: Okay, great, yeah.

Jet: Okay, cool.

Ruby: Cool.

Emily: That was in twin language so no one else can understand.

(Siobhan laughs)

Brennan: The next day is the 30th day of Highbright, as you guys close in on
Comida. As you're getting ready to leave from the last keep you've been
staying in, you see that Lord Cruller comes over to you, Theo. And you see he
says,

Calroy: Sir Theobald, I trust the (hushed tone) secret lessons are—

Theobald: Yes, I think we're good.

Calroy: Lovely. I've been speaking to some of the help at these keeps, and
some of them speak Ceresian, and some of them have been serving our friends,
these Ceresian infantry, and it looks like they've been talking. So, it's not
the best possible situation.

It looks like Commander Grissini has shut down a lot of that talk in the open,
so word is spreading less fast than it could have. But according to some of
the serving lads and lasses, there has been some gossip amongst the rank and
file. What was it you saw or heard that the Princess Jet was referring to with
the chancellor? Do you remember what I speak of?

Theobald: I believe I was outside the carriage at the time of whatever is
being referred to.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Deception roll.

(tense, quick orchestral music)

Murph: 8.

Brennan: He goes,

Calroy: Ah, so this happened when the battle had already broken out?

Theobald: (sighs) I don't feel comfortable speaking about the chancellor when
he's not present. After what I saw in that battle, I still hate his stupid
rabbit guts, but I respect him. And I don't want any more gossip.

Calroy: I completely understand, I will only, (sighs) it will be easier for me
to hunt something down and stop it if I know what it is I'm hunting. And
that's all I will say on the matter of, for fear that I would make you
uncomfortable regarding your honor, Sir Theobald.

Theobald: I get the, I get what you're saying. Whoever did this, it's not the
chancellor.

Calroy: I would never suggest that it was. But the Princess Jet did see
something, and if she saw it, it's possible someone else saw it as well.

Theobald nods.

Calroy: All right. You've made your mind known, and I respect it, even if it
makes my life perhaps significantly more difficult. Sir Theobald, thank you.

Brennan: You see, you guys head to the capital city of Comida!

Siobhan: Can we go shopping?

Brennan: (laughs) Golden spires of grain, the leafy cathedrals towering over
the city skyline, fruit merchants aboard Dairy sailor ships, and the high
drums of a convoy from the Meat Lands approaching astride massive beasts,
(heavy, crushing footsteps) strange trunked and tusked mammoth monsters from
the far north, the arrival of lords and ladies from across all the Six
Kingdoms of Calorum, you see the Great Cathedral of Saint Arugula, in all of
its green splendor, there, the Cornucopian Hall, the massive horn, with all of
the foods and sweets piling out of it, massive buildings arrayed, statues of
the heroes of the empire. And atop it all, the Great Pyramid of Food.

Jet: Okay, chancellor, I would like to visit this chapel.

Lapin: There will be time.

Brennan: (laughs) You guys arrive at the Cornucopian Hall, a big, giant, you
know, horn of plenty building. But you know, it's like, this horn of plenty
dwarfs the buildings around it, and there's huge gates opened up, and inside,
it's spiraling domes, Comida has always been a cosmopolitan, multicultural
place where denizens of all the Six Kingdoms come to trade and talk, and of
course, now after the 20 years that it's been the capital of the Concordant
Empire, you know, the Concordant Empire levies 20 percent of the taxes of
every other kingdom, and all of that wealth pours into this place, and you see
this, just a wealth of culture. I mean, like, Castle Candia's the capital of
Candia, and Dulcington is a large town, but this is a city. And you see just
how big this world can get.

Jet: (whispers) We have to sneak out.

Ruby: (whispers) We have to.

Brennan: (laughs) What do you guys do as you approach the Cornucopian Hall?

Emily: I'm keeping an eye out.

Murph: Watch the princesses.

Siobhan: (laughs) For exits, for climbing walls.

Emily: I'm keeping an eye out for taverns, or dancing halls.

Siobhan: Maybe some kind of show.

Lou: I take a quick second to walk up to my daughters, and first, I take off
the locket that Jet gave to me, and I give it back to her. I say—

Jet: Thanks, pops.

Amethar: That's for you, right? I appreciate you giving it to me.

Jet: Wow, if you ever looked, if you ever look like you need it, it's coming
for that neck.

Amethar: Hey, I'll tell you right now, it won't work. It's for you and your
sister. And nobody else.

Jet: Oh.

Amethar: Okay? That's very sweet of you, though.

Ruby: We just want to protect you, pops.

Amethar: Well—

Jet: Not that you need it. It was really fun to watch you in battle.

Ruby: It was really cool.

Amethar: It was very fun to watch you—

Jet: Do you know you're the first person to ever do damage to me? But I think
that's kind of cool, right?

Amethar: I mean, my sisters were the first people to ever, you know—

Jet: Yeah.

Amethar: Grievously, or injure me, so it feels right, family hurts family.

Jet: Yeah, yeah.

Ruby: (enthusiastically) Yeah!

Jet: Yeah!

Amethar: But I just want you guys to know that I'm sorry for yelling at the
carriage, and I'm gonna be doing a lot of talking to people and stuff, stuff
that maybe you guys can't be a part of.

Ruby: Okay, well, if you want us to be a part of it, we'll do it.

Amethar: I know, I know.

Jet: I'm sorry for talking back so much, I just feel really worried about
Ruby, and I've taken Ruby's presence for granted, and I am a little bit
panicking.

Amethar: And that's my fault, for I don't know, maybe being too nice on you,
maybe teaching you to sneak out of too many lessons. I think we could all do
better here. Now, I need to go find somebody from the Dairy Islands, and
quick. So I'll—

Jet: Is that—

Amethar: You guys enjoy the party.

Lou: And I'd like to head off.

Brennan: You head into the thing, cool. You step out of the carriage, as you
do, you see the huge beasts of transport from the Meat Lands, and these
warriors of the Meat Lands that are wearing bone armor with giant gladiator
weapons.

Emily: I brandish Burnt Ends.

Brennan: (laughs) You see that a couple of them look over at you, give me a
persuasion check.

Emily: Oh, I've never wanted a nat 20 more!

Seeing what Emily rolled, Zac, Lou, and Siobhan snicker.

Brennan: What is that?

Emily: I got a 12!

Brennan: Your brandish it, no one fuckin' looks your way at all.

Jet: Hello, hey! (waving) Hi. (clears throat)

Brennan: You see that there's a mustached, kind of like Celtic Vercingetorix
looking guy, who's speaking there to someone else, and there's a woman next to
him, who is a 10 foot tall T-bone steak in armor, with a huge ax over her
shoulder.

Siobhan: I don't generally wear it, because it doesn't fit our style, but I'm
so intimidated by this situation that I put my royal circlet on.

Brennan: Yeah, just to get some status.

Emily: Okay, yeah, I guess I put mine on too.

Brennan: Amethar steps out, and you, as you step out, you hear a voice say,

Man: (gruff piratey accent) All right, well, you know, it's a Candian
carriage, so you'd best hide your ale and liquor, because they'll drink it all
up!

Amethar: Oh, is that Manta Ray Jack I hear?

Manta Ray Jack: In the flesh!

Amethar: (happy) Oh! (laughter)

Brennan: A tiny crumble of extremely waxy, stale, hard cheese with a huge
handlebar mustache, and a little bandana, and he's a little cube of cheese,
he's maybe two and a half feet tall, leaps up into Amethar's arms, and just—

Lou: We hug, I spin him around.

Amethar: You son of a bitch!

Manta Ray Jack: Oh, is that what you say, then? Not very kingly of ya!
(laughs)

Amethar: Oh, get off of me!

Manta Ray Jack: Ah, you're all right!

Amethar: (mimics blows) Baw, baw, baw!

Manta Ray Jack: Where is--

Theobald: (unsheathes sword, yelling) Stop, stop assaulting the king!

Manta Ray Jack: Holy shit!

Amethar: Hey, Theobald, Theobald, everybody calm down.

Theobald: It was getting a little rowdy.

Brennan: (laughs) You see, indeed, you see that a couple other people come
over, you see that Sir Morris Brie steps up, who's an armored Dairy knight,
and he goes,

Morris Brie: (gruff Scottish accent) Right, Manta Ray, we're at court!

Brennan: And puts him down, he says,

Morris Brie: Your Majesty, King Amethar.

Amethar: Hey.

Morris Brie: It has been too many years.

Amethar: Man, much too many.

Lou: I hug him as well.

Brennan: Embraces, you look over at the Dairy contingent, these are a bunch of
sailors and other people. You see that there are two figures a little way away
from each other, there is a young, finely dressed duchess, her name, you would
know her as Primsy Coldbottle. She is a young girl, about two years younger
than your daughters, who's got a giant milk bottle head with eyes and a mouth
on it, and literally the word "milk" around the side, like on part of her
flesh is the word "milk" written into the side of her head.

Lou: She's a princess, right?

Brennan: She is actually the duchess.

Lou: Duchess.

Brennan: She's the Duchess of Lacramor.

Murph: Is that the highest ranking person there?

Brennan: That's the highest ranking person there. There used to be, and this
is something, actually, anyone that wants to can make a History check.

Emily: I got a nat 1.

Siobhan: I got a nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20?

Emily: I got a nat 1, though.

Siobhan: I know about this milk lady, and I'll tell you all about it.

Zac: I think Lapin tries to start talking before you do, and then you tell me
it.

Brennan: Ruby, you recognize Primsy Coldbottle, she is the Duchess of
Lacramor, she was a cousin of House Cheddar. The, back in the Ravening War,
Prince Tarthur Cheddar was the Prince of the Dairy Islands, which is the
highest rank in the Dairy, the Dairy Islands don't have a king or queen.

You see Primsy Coldbottle, who is sort of standing in the middle of a circle
of advisors and guards, sort of listening to them as they explain sort of
what's gonna happen. And what you see sort of very jocular with a bunch of
fighting women and men, actually, all the people she's speaking to are women,
you see there's a huge group of women that have swords at their side, bows and
arrows, very light armor, sort of, you know, naval armor.

And you see that she's got her one leg up on the lip of a carriage, is maybe
the most stunning woman you've ever seen. She is wearing a cap, she has short
cut hair, swept back, kind of like the princely hair, and a long captain's
jacket. With that nat 20, this is Annabelle Cheddar. Annabelle Cheddar was
stripped of her title, and could not inherit the throne and become Princess of
the Dairy Islands. So she would be the rightful heir, but something happened,
and with a nat 20, I will tell you, and you can decide if you heard this
publicly or privately.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: She refused to marry.

Siobhan: Sick!

Emily: That's awesome.

Siobhan: I love her!

Brennan: You see that she's just laughing it up with soldiers, you see that
there's a look around her of such freedom, and you see someone who, unlike the
stints you guys have done, actually got away.

Ruby: (whispering) Fuck!

Siobhan: I want to go up to her and say, in Lacra, just as chill as I can,
(Brennan laughs)

Ruby: 'Sup, I'm Ruby. Hey.

Brennan: You see, go ahead and make a flat Charisma check for me.

Siobhan: I'm not the most charismatic. It's a 13.

Brennan: 13. You see she looks over at you and goes,

Annabelle: (Scottish accent) Right, is it just that then, Ruby? No last name?
I notice there's a circlet on your head.

Ruby: Oh, this stupid thing! (removes circlet and throws it aside)

Murph: (leaning with arms out) I dive and get it.

(All laughing)

Brennan: Oh yeah, you use Swirl Warden to reaction leap and catch the circlet.

Ruby: Yeah, I just—

Theobald: You dropped this.

Ruby: Oh, I mean… I have to wear it. Yeah, I'm Ruby Rocks, nice to meet you,
what's your name?

Annabelle: Right, well, Your Highness.

Ruby: What, I don't know who you are, so—

Annabelle: You just came up to introduce yourself to a stranger?

Ruby: (stammering) When in Comida!

Emily: I put on peasant’s clothes, and I'm like, “Ruby Rocks!”

Brennan: Cool, so you take a full 10 and a half minutes to do that.

Jet: Ruby Rocks! Can I get your autograph?

Brennan: Lapin, you see furiously in the carriage is Jet changing into--

Lapin: I'm reading in here. (All laughing) Please stop.

Murph: I'm holding the door of the carriage closed.

Lapin: I don't feel comfortable—

Brennan: You see that Annabelle looks at you and says,

Annabelle: Right, well, Your Highness. I'm Captain Annabelle Cheddar. It's a
pleasure to make your acquaintance.

Ruby: It's nice to meet you. You're a captain?

Annabelle: Aye, Captain of the Colby.

Ruby: Cool, yeah, we're just here because my dad. For the, are you here for
the thing, the tourney?

Annabelle: Right, the tournament? Aye, I'll be fighting in the melee.

Ruby: Oh wow! ...Yeah, cool.

Annabelle: That's quite a bow you've got on your back there.

Ruby: Oh yeah.

Annabelle: Perhaps you'll be fighting in the archery competition?

Ruby: Oh, no yeah, this is…

(Siobhan checks her character sheet with a little laugh)

Ruby: This is Sour Scratch. It was my aunt's.

Annabelle: Aye, the Puckering Bow.

Ruby: Mm-hmm.

Annabelle: Aye, well, I dare not speak its name, lest I find myself on your
wrong side, Your Highness.

Ruby: Oh, I don't think you will. I mean, will you?

Annabelle raises her eyebrows.

Ruby: Anyway, I gotta go. (laughs)

Ally: Do we know everything about this person from her, or you just, she
knows?

Brennan: You, so give me an Insight check.

Ally: Oh, cool. Interesting. (Siobhan laughs) That's an 8.

Brennan: An 8. You think that both of them are mad at each other.

Liam: (to himself) I wish there was something I could do.

(Brennan and Emily laugh)

Theobald: King Amethar, are—

Amethar: Yeah, Theobald?

Murph: I just want to pull the king aside for a second.

Theobald: Are we all concerned that we were just attacked by Dairy bandits on
the road, and your daughter is off talking to—

Amethar: I, I mean, I'm not good at statecraft, but I know that you don't get
all crazy just 'cause you see, we have to—

Theobald: We don't get crazy, but perhaps we should talk to somebody, some of
the meat people or something, see if there's any enemies, they were pretending
to be meat.

Amethar: Well, (stammering) I mean, I, okay, I wasn't, you know how hard it is
to try and think about multiple things at one time?

Theobald: Yes!

Amethar: You just—

Theobald: That's just it, people do that every day, my lord!

Amethar: That's, but it's so hard!

Theobald: It is very hard!

Zac: I think Lapin is also trying to get information from people as well.

Amethar: Yeah, we, I'm gonna talk to the Manta Ray Jack and my friends in the
Dairy Islands, and then we'll go from there.

Theobald: Be careful, you don't know who your friends are.

Amethar: I know who my friends are. I know who my friends are.

Theobald: That's, you're correct.

Amethar: Hey, I'm a fucking king, and I know who my friends are.

Theobald: (backing down) You’re the king.

Brennan: As people start to file into the Cornucopian Hall, you see an
enormous troop of Ceresian soldiers walk up. (mimics troops marching) And you
see a number of palanquins, as about 10 Ceresian senators walk out, the only
people that are not here with royalty. So it's Ceresian senators, they have a
lot of, Ceresia's just a very populous nation, so a huge group of people show
up, and you see that as they arrive, they've been throwing coins, just to
people in the city, just like, coins, coins, coins.

And you see that this one senator is this giant loaf of bread, with a little
branch of leaves around his head in a toga, this is Senator Ciabatta. And you
see that, as he throws them, he's waving,

Senator Ciabatta: (Italian accent) Hello, people of Comida! Hello! (throws
more money) From your friends in Ceresia!

Brennan: And you see that Constano, who's been traveling with you the whole
time, he gets a look in his eye, and salutes and looks like, he gets a look
like Theo gets of like, keep it together, keep it together! (laughs)

And as well, the diplomatic envoy from Vegetania arrives. The royal carriage
with Prince Cabbage, the adult son of King Cabbage, is the second largest. The
largest, with a huge symbol of the shining Bulb overhead is the palanquin of
the Hierophant Rex, Belizabeth Brassica, the Pontifex of the Bulbian Church.

Zac: Lapin bows very deeply.

Lou: I also bow.

Siobhan: Oh, I guess I also bow.

Brennan: Yeah, royalty and everyone alike bows as the Pontifex approaches. You
see—

Siobhan: I pull Jet down.

Jet: What? I'm a peasant.

(Brennan laughs)

Theobald: (quietly) Peasants would bow even more!

Emily: All right, I bow like a peasant.

Brennan: You see that the Pontifex walks out, beautiful middle-aged woman,
coiffed hair, this incredible gown with green and white, huge halo of a sort
of Elizabethan ruffle around her neck, she looks out and steps out with
another archbishop who's like this tweedy looking sort of onion guy with a lot
of books, she greets Nezemiah, she looks out and says,

Pontifex Brassica: May the Bulb shine on this blessed day, on the Eve of Saint
Turnipat, this feast is named. May we sup well, a blessing upon the city of
Comida, and the Concordant Empire.

Brennan: And you're filled with this presence of this woman that rules over
the Bulbian Church. As people, she begins to walk away, and you see that she
makes eye contact with you, Lapin. And nods to you. You maybe have met her at
a conclave in Comida before, maybe even in Brightgarden, if you've traveled to
Brightgarden.

Zac: Oh, okay.

Brennan: But the last time you met her, she was a primogen and an archbishop.
You have not met her as Pontifex. But she smiles and nods to you.

Zac: I think Lapin bows again, and is like,

Lapin: I hope, I trust that the Bulb is shining on you, Pontifex.

Pontifex: And you as well, Primogen Lapin.

Lapin: Yes.

Pontifex: I heard the awful news that you were attacked on the way to Comida.
And that none were killed. A miracle, and only one as devout as yourself would
have brought the presence of the Bulb so powerfully that none were lost that
day.

Lapin: It was truly a miracle. The Bulb did greatly shine on us this day.

Pontifex: We come now to pay our respects to the Concordant Emperor. If you
would like to join, you're more than welcome, primogen. However, I understand
that there is business to attend to here at the Cornucopian Hall. Vices to be
indulged, wine to drink, et cetera.

Lapin: I would rather join you, I believe. Let me make sure I have my leave.

Pontifex: Absolutely. We shall see you at the Great Pyramid.

Brennan: You see that the archbishop behind her, who is an archbishop that
looks a little reedy, goes,

Onionpatch: (nasal voice) Oh, primogen, Archbishop Oliver Onionpatch.

Brennan: He's got a little onion head.

Onionpatch: A pleasure.

Lapin: A pleasure to make your acquaintance.

Onionpatch: Yes, as well. Ooh, I should, I didn't get leave. I actually, ooh.
Your Holiness, I should get leave from the Prince Cabbage before,

Pontifex: Yes, of course, Oliver.

Onionpatch: Very good. (laughs)

Brennan: And sort of scampers off, trips over his robe a little bit and
wanders off towards the carriage. Everyone else begins to file inside. Let me
know what people are doing, there's a lot of stuff going on, you guys are at a
big feast.

Theobald: My lord, are we all gonna stick together?

Amethar: Of course, I mean, if somebody is, either you or I will be with my
daughters at all times.

Theobald: All right. You need to also not die, you know that, right?

Amethar: I, hey, I can take care of myself, right? You saw me out there. You
think I'm the old one, too? I mean, look at you, just like it was, just like
back in the day.

Theobald: It was just like back in the day, you weren't the king then, my
lord!

Lapin: (leaning in extremely close to Amethar) Our king.

(All laughing)

Theobald: Out of nowhere!

Amethar: Stop, stop!

Theobald: This is us, we were talking, we were saying cool stuff!

Brennan: Calroy fully drops the cup he was holding. (mimics splashing)

Calroy: God I, God! Sorry.

Lapin: Sorry, my king, I was invited by the Pontifex to join them at the—

Calroy: I mean, you're not a short guy.

Amethar: Yeah, right? You're a big, tall rabbit.

Theobald: Just out of nowhere.

Lapin: I don't know what to say.

(Brennan laughs)

Lapin: I trust my king's eyesight, I don't know about what's going on with the
two of you. But it—

Theobald: I have fine eyesight.

Lapin: It feels as though it might be best if I join, for the sake of the
church.

Amethar: That feels right, we'll leave more delicate conversations until you
return.

Lapin: Yes. (touches Amethar on the shoulder)

Amethar: (uncomfortable) Oh!

Brennan: Cool. You mosey on off, you see Calroy looks at you and says,

Calroy: Your Majesty, do you want me to hang by your side, let you know who
people are?

Brennan: You see that Lord Swirlie walks up and says,

Lord Swirlie: I would also be happy to provide the social graces!

Lapin: Oh, thank God I'm getting out of here!

(laughter)

Amethar: Lord Swirlie, why don't you go and, you know, put, make graces with
our friends, the senator, the good senators of Ceresia? I don't want to
overwhelm people with too much, too much.

Lord Swirlie: Ah, a little bit of diplomacy?

Amethar: Sure.

Brennan: Calroy looks over at you and goes,

Calroy: You would like me to hang by your side?

Amethar: Yeah, of course, Cal, why d’you keep asking stupid questions?

Calroy: Because I'm also useful if I am doing what you just sent Finnegan to
do, Lord Swirlie.

Amethar: I mean, what, did you, who, do you want me to keep ice cream man?

Calroy: No, I'll be with you, that's fine.

Amethar: Great, thank you, Cal.

Brennan: Cool. You guys head into the group, and you're all sort of, I guess,
staying together, except for Lapin, who walks away. First of all, as you walk
up, the heralds announce them, you know,

(trumpet salute)

Heralds: King Amethar of the House of Rocks, first of his name! Duke of
Cookieshire, Sovereign of the Realm! (mimics trumpeting fanfare)

Brennan: And you're all announced, enter this great banquet hall, you have
never seen a spread like this. The only food that you even have a complaint
with is the candy on the tables, 'cause you're like, “oh, this isn't
authentic.” But everything else is, but it is good, and everything else is the
best stuff you've ever eaten.

Siobhan: Is there a table that's like the young, cool, hot people?

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: Great. Eeh! That's a 5.

Theobald: I found a table for us over here!

Ruby: Oh no!

Brennan: You do not, well, there's also, mostly, there's not small tables,
there's long banquet tables.

Siobhan: Oh, okay. So where is Annabelle sitting?

Brennan: Annabelle's sitting, she's actually not sitting, she's over near a
bunch of these huge kegs of Fructeran vino.

Theobald: I just want to say to Liam, Princess Jet, Princess Ruby—

Liam: An honor to be included.

(Emily laughs)

Theobald: Wards stick together, okay?

Liam: Yeah.

Theobald: (hushed) Look. Somebody here set us up. I can guarantee it. We don't
know who that is, so just be careful, whoever you talk to.

Ruby: Yeah, so what did your parents do to mess up to make you a ward?

Liam: Hey!

Theobald: I jumped at the chance to serve, to follow rules and rigorous
schedules.

Ruby: Right, yes, you are still—

Theobald: Wake up early and train, and—

Ruby: Okay, yes, I had forgotten that—

Theobald: What? And then I discovered a love of reading—

Ruby: I'm gonna go get a drink.

Theobald: Let my hair down!

Lou: I sidle up next to my friends from the Dairy Islands.

Brennan: Cool, you go over there, you see Manta Ray Jack is there with his
milky manta ray tattoo. And you see that Annabelle, you go over to Annabelle,
or Primsy?

Lou: Primsy, and I'm assuming Primsy, who is with who?

Brennan: Sir Morris Brie is with Primsy, and as you approach, he says—

Lou: Great, perfect.

Morris Brie: M'lady, presenting His Majesty, King Amethar of the House of
Rocks.

Brennan: And you see that Primsy looks up and she says,

Primsy: (high-pitched Scottish accent) Oh, I'm very charmed, to be sure, Your
Majesty.

Brennan: And she does a very deep curtsy.

Amethar: Oh! A pleasure to meet you, my lady.

Primsy: Aye, 'tis a pleasure. I understand that you fought a long time, long
before I was born, in the Dairy Isles.

Amethar: Yeah. You have a beautiful homeland.

Primsy: To hear a king say those words, it means a great deal.

Amethar: You are, you are too kind. And very well spoken for someone of your
age.

Primsy: Oh, thank you very much. I try to be as polite and proper as I can,
and I know that it is a privilege and an honor to be here to represent my
people.

Amethar: I couldn't have said it better myself. I was wondering if I might
have a moment with Sir Brie?

Primsy: Of course! Sir Brie, I give you leave to speak with His Majesty, the
King of Candia.

Brennan: Sir Brie nods and steps away, she curtsies again, and yeah, you--

Amethar: You understand we were attacked on the road?

Morris Brie: Aye, we heard word.

Amethar: Yeah, and do you know who we were attacked by?

Brennan: You see, give me, he's gonna make an Insight check, give me a flat
Charisma check.

Lou: Great.

Murph: Can I also do a Perception check? I want to kind of keep my eyes on the
cheese people as they're watching--

Brennan: Give me a Perception and an insight check.

Lou: What did I give you? What're you asking for?

Siobhan: Flat Charisma.

Lou: Flat Charisma's 10.

Murph: I got a 19 on Insight. And not a great Perception check, 8 on
perception.

Brennan: Cool. Insight, you don't notice any weird cheese people stuff. With
insight, you get two, that's a good insight, you get two things. You see
Annabelle look at Amethar forlornly, she looks a little bit like, I don't
know, she looks at him, as he goes to Primsy and not her.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: And you look at Primsy, she looks over, there is a young Dairy
nobleman, who's wearing all blue. And you see that he looks like a little
fancy cheese boy. And he smiles at her. Insight, but you got a low Perception,
so you see that she smiles at him, and he very saucily is like, but he's about
16 or 17 himself, winks at her, and she kind of blushes.

Theobald: Huh.

Brennan: You walk over with, you see that Sir Morris looks at you and goes,

Morris Brie: Right, you don't think that, Your Majesty, let me understand.
You're asking if we know anything?

Amethar: Yeah, I am. I'm not accusing you or anything.

Morris Brie: No, of course not.

Amethar: We've been friends, we've been through it together, all right? I've
watched you shit and piss in trenches during the war. Right?

Morris Brie: I've watched you shit and piss fully out of a trench. I've
watched you shit in a dead sprint, it was the most upsetting thing I've ever
seen.

Amethar: I mean, that was a night, I'll tell you! (laughs)

Morris Brie: Aye, you raged the whole day, and you were drunk, and I saw you
took off, and you said, “I'll bet”, you said, “40 can, 40 sweetfarthings says
I can't make it to that tree and back”, nobody spoke to even take the bet. And
you ran and shit on your first step.

Amethar: The whole time, it was unreal, I'll tell you!

Morris Brie: You were a beast back in the day!

Amethar laughs.

Morris Brie: And I heard you are a beast still, is it true, all 12, you didn't
lose a single guy?

Amethar: Not a single one.

Morris Brie slams hand down.

Amethar: I mean, it was incredible.

Morris Brie: Well, I'll tell you this. If it was us, we would've sent damn
more than 12.

(Amethar and Morris Brie laugh together)

Morris Brie: Look, I'll say this. What we know is very little, all right? Most
of our resources, you know that the Dairy Islands have never quite recovered
after the war. Most of the fighting happened there, and… The Lady Primsy will
be a good duchess one day. She's got her heart in the right place, she's a
good young girl. But the fact remains that after Prince Tarthur died, we have
not… There are houses that deliver their taxes late. We hear about pirate
ships taking down merchant vessels and… We can't be sure if the lords are
telling the truth or not. The reach of House Cheddar is much diminished.

Brennan: And you see that, go ahead and give me an Insight check, and if
you're watching this as well, Murph, you can give me an Insight check as well.

Murph: 21.

Brennan: Jesus. You see Sir Morris Brie shoots a dirty fuckin' look over at
Annabelle when he says, when he says the power of House Cheddar is much
diminished, (mimics whooshing) shoots a look her way.

Amethar: Well. You know that the Dairy Islands will always, as long as I'm in
power, have the allegiance of Candia.

Morris Brie: Sir, the Lady… Her Grace, the Lady of Lacramor has been told of
your exploits since she was born, and there is not a girl or boy in the Dairy
Islands that does not know what we owe to Candia.

Brennan: You see that Manta Ray Jack comes, has seen you guys talking and
comes over and says,

Manta Ray Jack: (Scottish accent) Aye, are we talking about what is owed to
Candia from the Dairy Islands?

Amethar laughs.

Manta Ray Jack: You gave us a lot, and I'll tell you what. You didn't give
more to anyone than you did that girl in the Far East Isles. (laughs)

Amethar: (lighthearted) Hey, Manta Ray, we don't talk about that.

Manta Ray Jack: No, I know, but you did—

Amethar: We're not supposed to.

Manta Ray Jack: I know what you did!

Amethar: I did, all right, okay!

Manta Ray Jack: Aye, he was fighting there for a long time, and His Majesty
had to keep a little something stashed away--

Amethar: (jovially) Manta Ray! Manta Ray, please! Please!

Manta Ray Jack: Ah, it's all right. I had some stashed away meself, but I went
back after the war, and she stabbed me.

Amethar: (taken aback) Oh. You got the scar still?

Manta Ray Jack: Aye, stabbed me in the stomach.

Amethar: Let me see it.

Manta Ray Jack: (pulls up shirt) She was a pirate!

Amethar: Oh, that's beautiful!

Manta Ray Jack: I didn't, I didn't put together that, you know, when I was a
fightin' man and a soldier, her patriotism compelled her to find something
rewarding in me character, and then after the war was over, she I guess grew
tired of me.

Amethar laughs.

Manta Ray Jack: And let me know with the sharp end of a knife. But that's
love.

Amethar: That's love, hey, you know, there's a problem here. You don't have a
drink. You don't have a drink—

Manta Ray Jack laughs.

Amethar: You don’t have a drink. I don't have a drink.

Manta Ray Jack: That's right!

Brennan: You see Morris shakes his head, and you guys all go off to get a
drink.

Ally: Can I go get some wine? I think I would just go--

Brennan: Yeah, go get some fuckin' wine, hell yeah!

Ally: Okay.

Ruby: Yeah, I want some wine.

Theobald: All right, everyone--

Ruby: This is all very intimidating, I want to have a glass of wine.

Theobald: Let's all sip. Let's all be--

Ally: I'm not able to read social cues very well, so in this case it works out
well for me, 'cause I don't realize how intimidating it is.

Ruby: All right, Liam, we're gonna play a drinking game. You want to play a
drinking game?

Liam: Okay!

Jet: Ooh.

Ruby: Okay.

Jet: I have tarot cards.

Ruby: Oh yes!

Liam: I'm saying yes because you started it with we! (Ruby laughs) What?

Ruby: Let's play a tarot card drinking game. Okay, so the card that you pull,
whatever number is on it, you have to take that many sips.

Liam: Okay!

Ruby: Great.

Liam: 3,000.

Ruby: (laughs) Wow, that's a tarot card?

Brennan: Are you over there with, (laughs) are you over there with Jet, by
the, is Jet with these guys getting wine, or no?

Emily: Yes, I haven't decided, she's never had a sip of wine before.

Brennan: Ooh!

Emily: So I don't know if she's gonna have anything.

Brennan: That's right, you've only been having cola for the longest time.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You hear a voice behind you say,

Voice: (French accent) Ma cherie!

Brennan: And you see a beautifully dressed avocado.

(All laugh)

Brennan: With a little green face, waxed eyebrows, just a little bit of peach
fuzz as a mustache, you see that he has a little green doublet with little
yellow epaulets, and he strides over to you and says,

Avocado: Is it true, the Princess Jet Rocks?

Emily: I down my entire glass of wine.

(laughter)

Siobhan: Oh!

Liam: (sipping) 1198, 1199...

Theobald: Everyone relax!

Liam: 1200!

(Brennan laughs)

Jet: (unenthused) Thad.

Murph: I'm feeding Liam water.

Theobald: Water also.

Liam: Oh!

Theobald: Two sips of water for every sip—

Emily: In twinspeak, I say to Ruby,

Jet: He didn't age well, did he?

Ruby: No! This facial hair situation is very embarrassing for everybody
involved.

Jet: The fuzz.

Ruby: Yes.

Thad: You are speaking a dialect of Candian that I do not understand.

Jet: Yes, so—

Ruby: My sister is so excited to meet you. She has been talking about this.

Jet: You know, I think something got mixed up, 'cause I meant to send you a
letter back, and I might have sent you something instead.

Thad: (wiggling his eyebrows) I'm wearing them right now.

Emily: (laughing) Oh my God!

Thad: I had to get them taken out. Because my bottom is very wide.

Liam: I feel like water.

Jet: Cool, so what have you been up to, because, I mean, not a lot has changed
physically, other than your upper lip.

Thad: Oh, you are regarding my mustache?

(Emily laughs)

Jet: Yeah, I, ooh! Can I have my underwear back? (laughs)

Thad: Normally, that would be impossible, but because you are so clever, rip!

Emily: (laughs) Dear God.

Thad: I can give them back right now.

Jet: I have to—

Thad: (whispers) I have worn these for the past week.

Emily: Are there, are there torches?

Liam: (holding hand out) (friendly) I'm Liam!

Thad: Hello, Liam! My name is Thaddeus Strongpit, I'm the Viscount of the
lands of Fructera, and it's very good to see you.

Liam: Yes, we'll see you!

Ruby: Thaddeus, where, where do the common people hang out?

Emily: In twinspeak I say,

Jet: You think he's gonna know? Do you see what a fuckin' turd this guy is?

Ruby: Look, who else do I ask?

Thad: The common people? I think they (pauses, pulls a confused expression)
are in barns.

(All laughing)

Ally: Is Annabelle Cheddar around, and can I drunkenly fall and land, and
like—

Murph: I try to grab Liam before—

(Ally mimics drunken yell)

Brennan: You see that, as you start to fall, you see that Annabelle twirls you
around.

Liam: Oh!

Brennan: Into a dance move and says,

Annabelle: You all right, there? Looks like you can't hold your cups.

Liam: Oh yeah. I'm sorry about that.

Annabelle: It's all right! You're wearin' a full backpack full of pans and
lanterns and such, and we're here in a fancy party.

Liam: Oh yeah, I'm always prepared, I grew up in the Great Stone Candy
Mountains.

Annabelle: Aye, the Great Stone Candy Mountains, is that true? You're Joren
Jawbreaker's boy.

Liam: Yeah, that's my dad.

Annabelle: Aye. Fearsome foe, I saw him once when I was a wee girl, only about
four years of age.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Annabelle: He was a mighty warrior.

Liam: That's cool.

Annabelle: Chin like a cliff.

Liam: Mm-hmm, yeah. Yeah, he, he gets mad pretty easily, so I always have to
keep my seeds in a different room.

Annabelle: You have to do your what? Seed in a different room?

Liam: Well, yeah, yeah. I'm just like kind of, I'm really into, you know,
growing stuff, and I like to keep a seed from each place that I go. Not a big
war guy, that's what I'm trying to say.

Annabelle: Right. Well… I can't say anyone should be a big war guy.

Liam: Mm.

Annabelle: War is hell. Right, well, I'll tell you what.

Brennan: You see she looks over at you, Theo, and says,

Annabelle: Perhaps we should get the Young Master Wilhelmina to some sort of
horizontal position.

Liam hiccups.

Annabelle: Probably on his side.

Theobald: It's not a bad idea.

Ally: I'm drinking more wine.

Theobald: Liam, why don't we do water for a second.

Murph: Can I look over, I'm concerned now that I know that there might be some
kind of rivalry within the Dairy Islands. Primsy Coldbottle is being hit on by
a cheese dude?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Do they have food in front of them or anything?

Brennan: Yeah, they have some food in front of them.

Murph: I would like to walk, I think I would like to maybe take Liam with me,
and go over and sort of interrupt this—

Liam: (drunkenly) Where are we going?

Theobald: We're going to say hello.

Liam: (drunkenly) Okay!

Theobald: To the Duchess Primsy Coldbottle.

Liam: (drunkenly) I can't wait, I'm also, I'm a count. I'm Count—

Brennan: You walk over to Primsy Coldbottle, she says,

Primsy: Ah, hello there.

Brennan: You see that Sir Morris introduces you and Liam, she says,

Primsy: You're Liam Wilhelmina of the House of Jawbreaker!

Liam: (drunkenly) Mm-hmm, that's me, it's a pleasure to make your
acquaintance.

Ally: I put my hand up to her mouth, as though she was kissing my hand.

Brennan: She doesn't miss a beat. She kisses it very quickly, even though she
clearly knows that that's not what's supposed to happen.

(Emily laughs)

Liam: (drunkenly) It's good to meet you.

Primsy: Right, well, it's a pleasure to meet you as well, Liam.

Theobald: Duchess, may I ask who your friend is here?

Primsy: This is just my traveling companion, the Lord Stilton Curdeau.

Brennan: And you see that young Stilton looks over at you. Make another
Perception check.

Murph: Sweet. (whispers) Please. (normal voice) Can Sprinkle help me?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Sweet! Help me, Sprinkle. Yes! (claps)

(Lou laughs)

Murph: 21. Thank you, Sprinkle.

Brennan: You see he looks up at you, and he says,

Stilton: (French accent) Hello, it is a pleasure to meet you.

Brennan: And you get a, it's been covered with a lot of rich Fructeran
colognes, (sniffs) it's a familiar stink here.

Liam: (drunkenly) How old are you?

Primsy: Right, oh me?

Liam: No, sorry, talking to—

Stilton: I'm 17 years old.

Liam: Oh, cool! Me too.

Stilton: All right. So that's like something we have in common.

Liam: Yeah, totally, it feels like a—

Murph: I'd like to motion for the king.

Brennan: Amethar, what are you, what are you up to right now at this--

Lou: I think me and Manta Ray Jack are just—

Brennan: Going at it.

Lou: It's like seeing friends for the first time in a long time.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You, he's laughing it up. You look over, by the way, and
catch Basha's eye, the meat lord. And he gives you a straight up fuckin'
violent look. You just recognize a battlefield look, gives you a look, and
goes back to talking with his meat people.

Amethar: Think Basha— Basha's worried about losing to me in the tournament
tomorrow.

Calroy: Well, I don't think it's Basha you have to worry about. I think it's
probably Scravoya, his wife.

Brennan: And you see that there's this steak giant who's got her huge ax over
her shoulder.

Amethar: Oh yeah, they're all scared. My sister was stronger than all of them.

Brennan: You see that Calroy nods and says,

  
Calroy: Certainly. Did the Warlord of the Beef Clans just give you a dirty
look across the floor of this banquet hall? Maybe we should go say hello?

Amethar: I mean… Yeah, yeah, we, yeah, let's do that.

Brennan: You see that Jack looks at you and says,

Manta Ray Jack: Right, I'll go for the legs, and when he drops, you get the
head! (laughs)

Amethar: Manta Ray, stop it! You can't be doing that no more, I'm a king!

Manta Ray Jack: What can I be doing, I lived my life free on the open seas!

Amethar laughs.

Brennan: You see that you head over, Calroy walks over to you. Which is sort
of an immediate power move. You realize, Calroy's good at this shit. Someone
shot you a dirty look, that can't be left to stand in the middle of this
banquet, so you're gonna walk right over there and talk to him. Calroy walks
up and says,

Calroy: My lord, Basha, Warlord of the Beef Clans, you look well.

Brennan: And you see Basha just interrupts him, and looks at you and says,

(low, ominous music)

Basha: (Russian accent) Amethar of the House of Rocks, I hear you were
attacked by cheese bandits on the road to Comida.

Amethar: That's correct, Ba— my lord.

Basha: They are perhaps wielding some Carnish weapons, they tie meat to
themselves.

Amethar: Yes, but I mean, it was very clear that they were not of Carn. They
were some kind of, we believe, pirates of the Dairy Islands.

Basha: Hmm, it is a very good thing that the Ceresian Imperial Infantry show
up when they do.

Amethar: Well, we had things very under control before they even arrived.

Basha: Oh, I'm—

Amethar: Candia, though your prowess of course is known, Candia is strong as
well.

Basha: I am sure that you have everything in control before they show up.
(stares at Amethar for a second)

Amethar: (staring back) We do.

Basha: Dairy Islands and Candia are strongest alliance, only two nations that
do not go to war in the Ravening. Seems like maybe you want to come to Comida
with meat arrow broken off in your body, or some sort of meat attack that
happen, and maybe if Commander Grissini don't find it, maybe the rumor spread
that Meat Landers try to attack King of Candia, and put a stop to him.

Amethar: Watch your fuckin' mouth.

Brennan: Calroy goes,

Calroy: (cutting in) All right.

Amethar: When you talk to me.

Basha: (nods) I'll see you in the melee tomorrow, huh?

Amethar: Yeah. Yeah, you fuckin' will.

Brennan: (laughs) Calroy pulls you away from from Basha Myaso, who smiles and
looks at you and begins to speak more to his wife and his other advisors. So
they're sort of staying in a big corner of the room, speaking Carnish to each
other.

The Vegetanian envoy's very light here, looks like a lot of them might have
gone with the Pontifex. But the Ceresians are having a big party and look
generally very happy. You see that Constano and a lot of the imperial guards
are talking with the sort of more formal Ceresian soldiers, who they rarely
get a chance to see, some of them know each other from back in their homeland.

You see, and then there's the Dairy Islanders that you've been paying of
course close attention to, and then a lot of the local Fructerans. But you
don't see anyone from House Uvano here. There's a lot of other lords and
ladies of Fructera here, though.

We are gonna cut over to the path up to the Great Pyramid of Food. Primogen
Lapin, you have fallen into footsteps with the Pontifex, you hear catching up
behind you is this Archbishop Oliver Onionpatch. You see a large guard around
the Pontifex, even as she walks within the walls of the Pyramid itself. She
walks alongside you. You see she says,

Pontifex: Primogen, have you had the fortune of making the acquaintance of Sir
Deeproot?

(gentle woodwing music)

Brennan: And you see that this guy in front of her is this incredible, tall,

muscle-bound carrot paladin. Gleaming white armor, white cape with the Bulb on
it. Huge, green, green-headed mace. You see he looks over and says,

Keradin: (deep voice) Your Grace.

Lapin: It is an honor to meet you. I don't think I've, we've met.

Keradin: In the light of the Bulb, an honor as always to meet an archbishop
and primogen of the church. (Lapin nods)

Brennan: You see the Pontifex says,

Pontifex: (scoffs) Sir Keradin. The good primogen is not an archbishop, does
not actually, how shall we say, administrate the church. Instead, he is a
miracle worker, gifted with the light of the Bulb itself. His rank as primogen
is not a result of his work as a bishop or archbishop. Instead, he has been
blessed by the Bulb above.

Lapin: Yes, the Bulb saw fit to grant me certain powers, so that's why I'm
here.

Brennan: Sir Keradin looks at you and says,

Keradin: Even more an honor, then, Your Grace.

Lapin: It's an honor to meet you! (laughs)

Keradin: If by my life or death I can protect you, I shall.

Lapin: Okay. (laughter)

Pontifex: It is a remarkable gift, miracle working has been lost to Calorum
for so long. But to think that in the past half a century, Candia has seen two
such incredible workers of miracles, both yourself and the king's sister,
Saint Citrina.

Lapin: Yes, well, from what I've seen in Candia, everyone that I've crossed
paths with, is quite touched by the Bulb. How are things in—

(Zac laughs and looks at the map)

Brennan: Vegetania?

Lapin: How are things in Vegetania?

Pontifex: In Brightgarden, they are well, the church administers to the
people, the Bulb shines above us. It is a sadness that King Cabbage could not
be here, and had to send his son instead. He is infirm and… would not have
taken well to the long journey from Greenhold.

Zac: Do I know that, that the king didn't actually come himself, or was...

Brennan: This is, this is, give me a Intelligence check.

Zac: 7.

Brennan: No, you didn't know that, this is a surprise to you.

Zac: Okay.

Lapin: Oh yes, I mean… I wish that the Bulb would see fit for some miracle to
come to the king himself.

Pontifex: Yes, good King Belvedere, he is, (sighs) it pains him that he could
not be here, but it is—

Zac: Is his name Belvedere Cabbage?

Brennan: Belvedere Cabbage, yes. You see she looks at you and says,

Pontifex: While none but the Bulb know what is to come, I think here in
confidence of small council, we can say that it is unlikely that good old King
Cabbage would have been named successor. So he has maintained the honor of his
kingdom by sending his son, the prince, and… successorship shall be granted to
the person that the Bulb shall choose.

Brennan: You see that Sir Keradin, eyes straight ahead, just goes,

Keradin: (intense) Amen.

Brennan: And you continue to walk along, and you get to the Great Pyramid of
Food. You are joined there by a beautiful Ceresian woman, in a loose sort of
one shoulder toga. You see she's got long sort of pasta flowing tresses, and
these glowing white eyes. You, give me another, give me a flat Charisma check.

Zac: That would be a 23.

Brennan: You recognize that this is another primogen from Ceresia, she holds
the ear of Senator Ciabatta, this is Primogen Alfredi. You see that she looks
up and says,

Alfredi: (Italian accent) Ah, Your Holiness.

Brennan: Bows deeply.

Zac: I bow slightly deeper.

Brennan: She, the Pontifex Brassica lets her ring be kissed by Primogen
Alfredi. She rises and says,

Alfredi: (Italian accent) Ah, and do I have the pleasure of knowing the
primogen of Candia?

Lapin: You do.

Alfredi: Lapin Cadbury, I am the Primogen Alfredi, it is a pleasure.

Lapin: Alfredi, yes.

Alfredi: I understand we are to make an envoy from the church to pay our great
mother cathedral's respects to the ailing emperor.

Lapin: Yes.

Zac: Sorry, so right now, we are just going to the temple to just—

Brennan: You're going to the Pyramid, where the emperor is, to sort of pay
respects.

Zac: Oh, okay.

Brennan: But you see that the Pontifex says,

Pontifex: It is a pleasure and an honor to be in the company of two miracle
workers, both Primogen Cadbury and Alfredi.

Brennan: You see that her eyes glow a little bit more, with this divine
energy. Yeah, it's a rare, you see Alfredi's no joke, has some kind of divine
magic around her.

Zac: So, okay, so I was about to say. And we've never met before.

Brennan: No, you have not.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah, make an insight check.

Zac: That's an 8.

(Siobhan blows raspberry)

Brennan: It occurs to you that, you know, the Bulbian Church has a stance
against arcane magic. But it welcomes miracle working, right? So that presents
a conundrum, because most people couldn't fuckin' tell one from the other if
they tried, right? There's some aesthetic stuff, like ooh, purple smoke, seems
arcane, or glowing eyes maybe seems divine. So you know, everything gets a
little gray and mixed up in the wash, especially when you're talking about
powerful people and what they can get away with. What you do know is that
you're seeing real magic, and that means that Primogen Alfredi might be able
to detect other magic as well. In other words, this might be someone you can't
bullshit.

Zac: Yes, okay. That's what I assumed. (laughs) So I just, I'm just gonna nod
to this, this other primogen and just sort of pretend I'm looking around, but
sort of just walk a little bit further away.

Brennan: (laughs) Cool, are you just gonna kind of peel off as they start
talking and going to the emperor? Is it a full peel off, or are you just—

Zac: No, no, no, I was, I just mean, I don't want to be standing right next to
this person.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me a deception roll.

Murph: This is what he was trying to avoid!

Zac: Jesus Christ. That's a 12.

Brennan: (laughs) You start sort of going away. You see that Sir Keradin turns
to look at you and says,

Keradin: Your Grace, is everything all right? Have you spotted something over
on that wall?

Lapin: No, I'm just taking in the sights of the city.

Keradin: An enemy of the faith?

Lapin: No, no, you can—

Keradin: In the wall?

Lapin: Everything seems, at this moment, perfect and fine.

Keradin stares intensely.

Lapin: Relax.

(Ally laughs)

Keradin: As you command, Your Grace. (grunts)

Zac: I just wanted to, is there, would it be, would it feel weird to just kind
of continue on next to the Pontifex?

Brennan: No, not at all.

Zac: Just want to see if there's anything I can glean from their journey, or--

Brennan: Yeah, give me a flat Charisma check, and then tell, first, tell me
what you're trying to glean, if anything.

Zac: Well, I think Lapin wants to know more about, this is a rare opportunity
for him to be in the sort of inner circle of the higher ups of this church,
'cause Pontifex, is that, that's the highest, or—

Brennan: Belizabeth Brassica is the Hierophant Rex and Pontifex of the Bulbian
Church. She is the fucking ruler of the church. She is, if not arguably as
powerful as the Concordant Emperor, you could make an argument that she's more
powerful than the Concordant Emperor, if you wanted to. She doesn't command
any armies, but 95 percent of the people that know how to read work for her.
So that's another way to think about that.

Zac: Okay, well, I want to just, I guess, make a Charisma check, and maybe
just see if I can chat with her at all about the going ons of her trip here,
and what her day-to-day is like. (laughs)

Brennan: Yeah, go for it, absolutely!

Zac: 27.

Brennan: Jesus! What skill were you using?

Zac: Charisma, I thought you said?

Brennan: Charisma, how did you get 27 with a flat Charisma check?

Zac: 18 and my, oh, I looked at Deception, sorry.

Brennan: No worries.

Zac: So that would be 18 plus five, so that's—

Brennan: 23, great. Cool. You see that she turns to you and says,

Pontifex: Yes, the affairs of Brightgarden are (sighs) fine as ever, it's been
very disconcerting, the main business we've been trying to deal with was the
murder of an archbishop in the Meat Lands. The Archbishop Radicca was killed,
and… The good Lord Basha Myaso has said that he is on the hunt for the people
responsible.

Lapin: I hope those who perpetrated such an act are judged by the Bulb.

Pontifex: The Bulb, my good primogen, shall judge them in due time. It is my
hope that that time is brought soon.

Brennan: Primogen Alfredi actually looks at you and says,

Alfredi: I was administering to some of the common folk, Ceresians abroad in
the imperial army. I was so saddened to hear that you were attacked on the
Sucrosi Road coming from Candia.

Lapin: Yes, it was a horrible thing, we were attacked, but by the, you know, a
miracle, no one was killed.

Alfredi: A miracle indeed. It seems that a miracle may have been witnessed as
well. The soldiers spoke of a cloud of some sort, roiling purple mist, of
course, in the fog of combat, no one can say, perhaps a trick of alchemy, or
perhaps these Dairy bandits were using some sort of witchcraft.

Brennan: You see the Pontifex turns to look at the primogen and says,

Pontifex: Witchcraft? Abroad on an imperial highway?

Lapin: Hmm.

Brennan: You see Primogen Alfredi looks at you and says,

Alfredi: You of course are a worker of miracles, were you able to see, was
this an intercession on behalf of the Bulb, or something darker and more
mysterious?

Lapin: I believe that this was the Bulb shining down on us and protecting us
in that moment. There was much going on, no one knows exactly what was
happening, but it's hard for me to say.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Deception roll.

Zac: 14.

Brennan: You see she looks at you and says,

Alfredi: So interesting that an intercession of the Bulb would take that form,
something sparkling and they said, lavender in hue, something of a color more
like, se dice, the, oh, there is a legend of something from your homeland, I
believe. Some false idol. A plum, sugar plum?

Lapin: Oh yes, the Sugar-Plum Fairy, yes.

Alfredi: Yes.

Lapin: We, there are, there's a deep history in Candia of different, you know,
more primitive religions.

Brennan: As you do that, go ahead and give me a Persuasion check.

(Lou groans)

Ally: You're getting grilled!

Siobhan: God, so many checks.

Zac: 25.

Emily: (relieved) Oh!

Brennan: You see that she, Alfredi is like, it's fucking with you that you
can't see pupils and irises, you can't see her eyes dilate. You're not able to
read her. Her expression is very guarded. You know that she's being playful,
but you don't, it's like, but upon you saying that more primitive thing, you
see the Pontifex looks over at you and says,

Pontifex: I am very glad to hear you say that, primogen. I trust that, in your
role there as chaplain, you are counseling the king and the young princesses
to help stomp out those more primitive and backwards ways, I would not wish to
see the good people of Candia led down the path towards the Hungry One.

Lapin: Mm, it would never happen in my watch.

Brennan: She smiles, and you see that she actually puts a dainty hand on your
arm, and takes a hold of your arm, as to steady her as she walks.

Zac: (sassy) See you, Alfredi! (laughs) I wouldn't think he actually said
that.

Brennan: (laughs) You walk up, and you see a beautiful purple-skinned, green-
haired Fructeran noblewoman. You see she's probably in her late 30s, this you
would recognize as the Lady Plumbeline Uvano. This is the daughter of the
emperor, who cannot inherit her father's title. You see, she looks up, she's
gorgeous, she has that little thing of like, sort of like hair gelled, a
little zig zag of fake sideburn gelled on the side of her hair. Like, a bun,
sort of little fruit things through it, this very revealing Fructeran gown.
She looks over and says, you see she looks over and says,

Plumbeline: (very French accent) Ah, Your Holiness.

Brennan: Bends down, kisses the hand of the Pontifex.

Plumbeline: My father is taken very ill. It is good for us to limit the amount
of visitors he has at one time.

Brennan: She nods and says,

Pontifex: Good primogen, would you remain here in the waiting chamber while I
pay the church's respects to the emperor?

Lapin: Of course.

Brennan: You see she walks inside with Pumbeline. Give me an Insight check on
Plumbeline.

Zac: 21.

Brennan: Plumbeline looks pissed. You can just see, there's something, she's
not thrilled.

Zac: I'm sitting here with her?

Brennan: No, she walks in with her to her father's bedchamber. You're there
for a few minutes. It's very short, maybe, you know, five minutes. You're
there with Alfredi, who seems wrapped in her own thoughts, and speaking to Sir
Keradin. The Pontifex walks out, and smiles, and you see that she puts a hand
on the shoulder of the Lady Plumbeline. She says,

Pontifex: I see you are dressed for the feast. You have done well to remain
here by your father's side, but it's time for you to go and make merry.

Plumbeline: Your Holiness, this is Fructera. I am dressed for court.

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: And the Pontifex takes this very subtle slight, and walks away with
you. And has a very pleasant chat with you about some theology, matters of
history, she asks how the young princesses are doing. But you see that Alfredi
walks about 10 paces behind you, speaking with Sir Keradin, and then so you
arrive back at the Cornucopian Hall.

Zac: Hmm. I make, you know, bow to the Pontifex and say that,

Lapin: I must rejoin the King of Candia, and make sure that everything is
going well with my people.

Pontifex: I will confide in you, primogen. The Ravening War was a strange
time. I myself was only a bishop when the war began, I was not promoted to
archbishop until the war was almost concluded.

(sighs) Candia's role in the Ravening War was great. The heroics of the House
of Rocks are legendary in all of Calorum, and we all know the love that the
Concordant Emperor has for your king. The Ravening War was also a strange
time. There was an active miracle worker, clearly chosen of the Bulb, from the
House of Rocks, and one whom rumors circulated about. Without saying anything
untoward, it has always been clear to me that Candia had a choice of which
path it would tread. And if you'll forgive a joke about you being a rabbit, I
have never been more sure that Candia's path is surefooted.

Lapin: Hmm. (smiles)

Brennan: You see she nods, holds out her hand for you.

Zac: Uh, of course, kisses.

Brennan: And she turns to walk away. You walk back in the hall after the
scuffle with Basha Myaso, and I'm gonna say that you guys, you see that the
heralds are getting ready to announce the Grand Tournament, and you can kind
of get together, the Tartguard are around. Lord Cruller and Lord Swirlie are,
they're sort of, a little candy crew gets around your guys' banquet table.

Murph: I think I want to tell one of the trusted, maybe Brie or something, one
of your cheese guys, to keep an eye on stinky cheese boy.

Brennan: Cool, who do you go talk to, 'cause there's Annabelle, there's Sir
Morris Brie, and there is Manta Ray Jack.

Murph: Ah, shit, they might all be fuckin' bad guys, I don't know who is who.

Lou: I mean, Manta Ray Jack and Sir Morris Brie are—

Murph: I'm gonna talk to, I will just bring it up with the chancellor.

Liam: (drunkenly) Do you need someone—

Murph: I'm gonna bring it up to Lapin.

Liam: Do you need someone to keep an eye on someone?

Ruby: Liam, this is Thad.

Siobhan: Run away. (mimes running)

Thad: Ah, I have already met Liam. Tell me, Liam. I have come to woo the
affections of—

Liam: Me?

Emily: I dunk my head in a cask of fruit wine.

Brennan: (laughs) You see Thaddeus looks at you and goes,

Thad: Look at her, she dunks her head into the barrel of wine. My love has
made her crazy!

Liam: Huh. (making a realisation) Oh, oh! That, oh, you two!

Ruby: (to Jet) You got yourself into this.

Thad: Are you—

Ruby: You did this to yourself.

Thad: Can I ask, are you into it as well, or maybe no?

Liam: What?

Thad: Are you into me as well?

Liam: Oh no, no, I thought maybe you were, people are constantly hitting on
me, honestly. It's kind of hard, 'cause I don't want—

Thad: I've been there, brother! (laughs) I tell you!

Theobald: My God, you two!

Liam: Yeah. Anyway, I mean,

Ally: I take out a seed, and I make it bloom into a flower.

Liam: Here. You can give that to her. It's peppermint. (holds out flower and
waves it around) Catch it! Catch it.

Thad: Stop it, you're flirting.

Liam: I'm not flirting, I promise!

Thad: You kind of are.

Liam: (drunkenly) I'm not, I'm not good at talking, I don't even have any
friends.

Ruby: I think Liam's flirting with him.

Emily: Can I give a help action— (laughter)

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to roll a Persuasion check with advantage.

Ally: Great, here we go!

Murph: You have such bad Charisma!

Ally: Okay! 12.

Thad: Why don't you hold your hand still and let me get that flower, you
little trickster?

Liam: (laughs) (drunkenly) Okay, look, once again, I'm just trying to help
out. I have no interest in romance, but I would like to be held.

(Laughter)

Brennan: You see he's gonna reach out and attempt to grab it. He fails to grab
it from you, and he goes,

Thad: Listen. What I lack in the ability to grab that flower, I have very much
of an ability to grab something else?

Liam: (drunkenly) What? (laughs) Hard pass! (All laughing) Hard pass, brother,
but here's the flower! Then I go get more wine!

Brennan: (laughs) He grabs the flower, and he comes over to you and he says,

Thad: Your Radiant Highness, a rose?

Jet: You know what? I'm actually so horny right now that I'm gonna—

(All laughing)

Theobald: Princess Jet!

Ally: Just covered in wine. (laughter)

Zac: Your head's covered in--

Jet: Meet me in the alley, okay? I'll be right out.

Siobhan: Oh my God.

Thad: Ah! I want you to know something. I am a virgin, but I can make up for
it, 'cause I'm very horny as well.

(laughter, groans)

Jet: I can't wait, I'll go out there, and I'm gonna actually take about 30
minutes getting ready, but I want you to be in the alley.

Thad: I will wait in the alley all night. If need be, you take as much time as
you need, because I will be there. Forever. If someone tries to move me, I
will kill them. This is, as they say, my shot.

(All laughing)

Emily: I think all of my reproductive organs just shrivel and die.

Brennan: Cool. (laughs) You see Thaddeus says,

Thad: Until then, mi amor.

Brennan: And skips outside.

Emily: I puke into the same cask that I just put my head in.

Brennan: Cool!

Murph: Maybe as everybody's coming together, I'd like to encourage the king,

Theobald: Why not have some of our friends from the Dairy Kingdom, why don't
we all stand together?

Amethar: (stammers) Sir Brie?

Morris Brie: Right, sir.

Amethar: Milady Coldbottle, it would be an honor for the, us from Candia to
stand beside our allies. For the announcement of the tournament.

Brennan: You see that they look around, and you see that Sir Brie says,

Morris Brie: Aye, that means a great deal, sir.

Brennan: Anyone can make an Insight check that wants to.

Murph: 22.

Siobhan: 17.

Brennan: You look at Sir Morris Brie, and what you see in his eyes, in that
moment is, they basically think that because Candia, which is, you know,
beloved by the emperor, because they were attacked by people that were
discovered to be Dairy bandits, they basically were like, well, we're fucked.
Everyone thinks we're rats.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Basically, in his eyes, he was like—

Murph: He looks relieved?

Brennan: Yeah, it's like we already had a 16 year old child that was going to—

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Try to, and now there's no shot for her if everyone thinks that we
tried to fuckin' ice, it's like, to the whole world it looks like, oh, we
tried to ice the first choice guy, and you see that, when you're like, let's
stand together, he takes it as a token of goodwill to say to all the other
kingdoms, the alliance is still strong, and you see he looks genuinely
touched. And you guys stand together.

Ally: Is that Stilton, or that's—

Brennan: That's Sir Morris Brie, who's an advisor, and he's a knight that is
an attendant to the Duchess Coldbottle.

Ally: Cool.

Amethar: Lady Coldbottle, have you ever seen a tournament?

Primsy: I'm, no, I'm afraid not. I've never seen anything this grand.
Lacramor, we have, we'll have a joust, but because the castle is built in on
the island, the jousting lane is not that long, so the ponies, they sort of,
you know, they don't get to charge that long.

Ruby: It's our first tourney, too.

Primsy: Really?

Jet: Yeah.

Primsy: Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you as well, I'm the Duchess Coldbottle,
Your Highnesses, it's a pleasure and an honor.

Brennan: She bows. You see that she looks at you, and says,

Primsy: Oh, I brought these.

Brennan: And you see she reaches in, and takes out beautiful little
embroideries made out of milk silk, which is a liquid fabric that kind of
moves. And you see that it has a little candy cane crossed with a piece of
cheese on a toothpick.

Lou: (holding his heart) Oh, my heart!

Brennan: And it's just a little embroidery made out of this cool alchemical
liquid fabric.

Ruby: It's beautiful!

Jet: This is amazing!

Liam: There's one for me, right?

Primsy: Oh, I'm so embarrassed, I'm dreadfully sorry!

Liam: Oh!

Primsy: No, that's terrible, I'll—

Liam: Please, no way! I've just been included on so much, I thought maybe I
just had a winning streak, get me—

Brennan: She, you see that yours have your house words on them that say "In
Sweetness There is Strength," and you see she says,

Primsy: Here, this is my own personal for you. I'll give you my favor, if you
agree to,

Brennan: And she sees your crossbow,

Primsy: Join the archery competition tomorrow.

(Liam laughs in surprise)

Primsy: Will you fight for me?

Liam: (laughs) Okay, yeah, definitely!

Brennan: She reaches in, takes out a little milk silk handkerchief, and you
see it has a little wedge of cheddar cheese on it, and the house words of
House Cheddar, "Keep Sharp."

Liam: Wow.

Lou: I clap Liam on the back hard.

Amethar: That's my boy!

Liam: (to Jet) Is this underwear?

  
Jet: It could be—

Liam: No, right?

Jet: It could be.

Ruby: Did we bring presents for other people—

Brennan: Anyone that wants to, give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: Yep.

Ally: Absolutely.

Emily: I got a nat 1.

Siobhan: Ooh, I got an 8?

Emily: I'm rolling a lot of 1’s.

Murph: Just 13.

Siobhan: Throw that die in the—

Ally: Nine.

Brennan: Anyone beat a 15? No?

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: Wow.

Siobhan: Oh shit. Can I roll for Yak?

Brennan: Sure, roll for Yak.

Zac: You don't get a help with—

Murph: I did, and I rolled a 10 and a one.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, I didn't, I've gotta roll--

Brennan: Yak can give you help, yeah.

Siobhan: Great. Well, I got a 10.

Ally: Preston, help me out. Wait, that's an 11.

Emily: I made a sock puppet, can the sock puppet give me a help action?

Brennan: Okay! So you see that the heralds, the trumpets blare, (mimics
trumpet fanfare).

Heralds: Announcing the Grand Tournament of the Concordant Emperor, called by
his Imperial Majesty, Gustavo Uvano, first of his name! Tomorrow shall be
feasting and bouts, feats of melee and combat, and a great joust!

Brennan: You see they continue to announce the tournament, they announce the
three boons of the winners of these various tournaments. The winner of the
Grand Melee shall receive a boon from the Concordant Emperor, a passing boon
at the end of his rule.

They announce that the winner of the archery competition will be given a seat
on the Cornucopian Council and made Master of Arrows and advisor to the next
emperor for the entirety of their rule.

And they announce that the winner of the joust shall be able to name a
candidate for consideration as emperor from any class, highborn, lowborn, the
winner of the joust may name any candidate they wish for consideration as
successor and Concordant Emperor.

Emily: Whoa.

Brennan: A imperial courier arrives at your side, or arrives actually at your
side, and says,

Courier: Sir Gumbar, the Concordant Emperor has requested an audience with the
king.

Murph: I motion for the king to join us.

Amethar: Yeah, what's up—

Theobald: I think the emperor would like an audience with you.

Amethar: Oh, fantastic. Lapin?

Lapin: Yes.

Amethar: Theobald? Jet?

Jet: Oh!

Amethar: Ruby?

Ruby: Yes.

Amethar: Liam, you'll come but don't talk.

Liam: That's a soft inclusion. (laughter)

Amethar: Well, let's head over.

Brennan: Cool. First of all, but you guys do see though, you see Calroy and
nods, you guys are going.

Amethar: Oh, Cal, you'll come too.

Brennan: Cal gives you the thumbs up. Do you guys, do any of you guys put your
names on the lists for the Grand Tournament?

Siobhan: I'll put my name on the archery list.

Liam: Archery please! And thank you, Primsy.

Murph: I'll do the jousting.

Zac: I don't think I could be good at any of 'em. (laughs)

Emily: I'd like to do something, I don't know what I would be good at, and
also, everyone keeps telling me that I need to know my place better, so my
confidence—

Amethar: Jet, do you want to do the tournament?

Jet: Yeah!

Amethar: Do the fuckin' tournament!

Jet: Everyone keeps telling me—

Ruby: No, I believe in you, I believe in you. I’m doing it.

Amethar: I mean, it's all sparring, nobody's going to get killed.

Liam: Jet, I 100 percent believe in you.

Ruby: Yeah!

Emily: I don't— should I do jousting?

Lou: What are the--

Emily: Or melee, what is the passing boon?

Ally: Melee!

Brennan: A boon is like, it's like a non-magical wish. It's like, I will do
anything for you that is within my power to do.

Emily: Can I make them pass something into law?

Brennan: Yeah, theoretically.

Siobhan: Ah!

Emily: I don't know whether I should do the melee or the joust. A joust, I
would require a mount, right? And Sprinkle will probably be busy with you?

(Siobhan laughs)

Amethar: Jet! Enter the melee with me.

Jet: Okay, dad!

Amethar: Let's do it.

Emily: I put my name on the melee.

Ally: I have a question. Is Duchess Coldbottle, is that the person who, how
old is she?

Brennan: She's 16. She's a year younger than you.

Ally: Oh, cool, cool.

Siobhan: Annabelle is the other one.

Brennan: Yeah, Annabelle's off in a corner, looking forlorn. You see, and then
Lapin doesn't sign up for anything?

Zac: There's nothing, I mean, nothing would fit his—

Emily: Join the melee.

Murph: You could get in the melee.

Emily: Join the melee.

Zac: But I can't cast spells in front of these people.

  
Murph: (whispers) That's true.

Jet: Can I borrow Sprinkle for the melee?

Theobald: It would be my honor to—

Jet: What, really? Yes! (laughs)

Brennan: Lovely.

Murph: Can I check their little things?

Brennan: There's clearly a thing in the tournament that unfortunately,
familiars and pets are not able to come and help.

Jet: Can I have him cheer me on?

Theobald: Of course, yes, he'll be your little cheering section.

Brennan: Well, I think it's actually, it's reasoning it out, I'm not trying to
be a dick to you. Reasoning it out, they wouldn't let you take your dog on
your back when you were in a joust. But if you wanted to have your hawk on
your shoulder while you were doing archery, that makes a little bit more
sense.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: But not in the melee or the joust.

Murph: Sure.

Siobhan: Can I take a closer look at this piece of silk, maybe do an Arcana
check on it?

Brennan: Do an Arcana check on it.

Siobhan: Great. Oh, I got a 22.

Brennan: It's alchemical, but not magical.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: It looks like a sweet little embroidery that this, the vibe you get
from Primsy is one of like—

Siobhan: Sheltered?

Brennan: Sheltered, and she wanted to make an embroidery for the two cool
girls that she would know that were near her age.

Emily: Can I, can I take a piece of wood and use my rapier to slash, "The
Dairy Islands rule!" into it, and give it back to her?

Siobhan: Yeah, and I'll use my lantern to burn it a little bit.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: The-- (laughs) You give it to her, and she says--

Jet: It's for when you eat al fresco, it's sort of a place mat.

Brennan: You see she looks at it and says,

Primsy: Right, this is so charming. I really appreciate it.

Brennan: She takes it.

Ruby: It's from both of us.

Liam: It's from me too.

Brennan: I'm gonna ask you both to, I'm gonna ask you guys to all make
charisma checks with disadvantage, if you'd—

Siobhan: Oh no!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Oh, a 9?

Emily: I got a 16.

Ally: 16 as well.

Brennan: With disad—

Ally: With disadvantage. I rolled a 19 and an 18.

Siobhan: I got a 9.

Brennan: So she looks genuinely touched.

Ally: I'm drunk enough to be charismatic.

Brennan: Yeah, she actually looks like, she knows that you didn't have
anything to do with it, but she looks at you two, and she is, you can see that
what could have been an insult, in terms of how hastily it was made, instead
she's like, “perhaps this is what's cool?”

Ally: I hatch two seed flowers in my hands and like,

Liam: These as well!

Brennan: Cool, you get a couple looks for doing a little bit of magic. But
it's just seed flower divine stuff, so it's all groovy. So you guys sign up on
the lists, and you head off to the Food Pyramid. As you arrive at the Great
Pyramid of Food, you arrive at the little antechamber, you've been here
before, and you see the Lady Plumbeline here as well, the countess, you see—

Ally: The hot one?

Brennan: The hot one, yeah. Sort of like, again, purple skin, green hair. She
had a red dress on, locket with the symbol of House Uvano on it.

Emily: I just want to say, I stealthed, so in case we walk by the alley that
Thad—

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Brennan: Give me a Stealth check?

Murph: Oh no!

Emily: That's gonna be a 26.

Ally: Hey!

Brennan: Primo. You see him out there, you see, (laughs) he's out there just
going like,

Thad: (heavy breathing) All right, this is it. The big one.

(laughter)

Jet: He was hot when we were younger, right?

Ruby: Yeah, when he was 8 and we were 8. Maybe in a few years he'll be hot
again? I don't want to risk it.

Jet: I'm not going to risk—

Ruby No.

Brennan: You guys arrive at the Great Pyramid of Food, the Lady Plumbeline
looks at you and says,

Plumbeline: Ah. Y

Brennan: You remember, she was like, yeah, a teenager.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: During the Ravening War. So you had met her before, she says,

Plumbeline: Ah, Your Majesty.

Amethar: My lady.

Plumbeline: It is an honor to have you once again in Comida.

Amethar: Quit that! So good to see you!

Brennan: She leans over, gives you a kiss on both cheeks, and says,

Plumbeline: My father is not well, and it would be for the best if we would
limit the amount of visitors.

Amethar: Then—

Liam: Guess it's just me and you.

(Brennan laughs)

Amethar: Theobald? Lapin, will you join me in the chambers?

Zac: Can I make an Insight check on her?

Emily: This is her chance.

Brennan: Huh?

Zac: Should I make an Insight check—

Brennan: Yeah, an Insight check, go for it.

Zac: I just want to see if she's mad at us.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Zac: Ooh. That is a 24.

Brennan: She is not less or more mad than before. You think she's just mad.
And with a 24 Insight check, you're looking at a brilliant, beautiful,
competent woman who has grown up in Comida, knows the workings of the empire
backward and front, and can't be empress.

Murph: I want to slip Sprinkle to Jet, as we walk away.

Theobald: I trust you, Princess Jet.

Jet: I will treat this great steed with the respect that he deserves.

Theobald: I also trust you, Princess Ruby.

Ruby: I will treat everything with the respect that it deserves.

Siobhan: I immediately break something.

(Emily laughs)

Theobald: So Count Liam, of course.

Liam: Yes!

Brennan: You guys walk into the massive, resplendent, glorious bedchambers,
and you see a man who's only in his 60s. Very much in his last few days. He
looks up, he is, the man you knew was like a debonair, incredible warrior, he
was a dexterity-based warrior, so he was not a jacked guy, but there was
nobody faster with a bow, and you knew him, he was a wit, an incredible
diplomat, an incredible tactician.

You remember the cheer that went up from your troops when he shot the arrow
that killed Focaccia, and you remember that the first arms around your
shoulder when you saw your sister's body were his. And the things he told you
there, in quiet, meant more to you in that moment than you can remember, and
you see a pale reflection of that man look up, a little grape head, with a
little graying mustache. The purple of his skin faded. He looks up, and this
is the Emperor of the Concordant Empire and the architect of 20 years of
peace.

Gustavo: (weakly, French accent) Ah, Amethar. My old friend.

Amethar: My emperor.

Gustavo: Oh! I, yes, your emperor. But I know of those two titles of friend
and emperor, which one I am more grateful for.

Amethar: Oh, stop! What was going on, man? Last time I saw you, you were still
kicking, what is this?

Gustavo: Too much good living, I suppose.

Amethar: (laughs) That's about right.

Gustavo: (coughing) I suppose you have already enlisted in the Grand Melee.
Trying to cut a few bloodlines short tomorrow with a blunted sword, eh?

Amethar: Ah, stop, stop! I'm a king now. Can't do the things I used to do.

Gustavo: That is not what I heard, I heard there are 12 Dairy bandits—

Amethar: Oh, stop!

Gustavo: Who might beg to differ.

Amethar: Oh, okay, the word's getting 'round? I mean, I don't hate that.
(laughs)

Brennan: He looks at you and says, (mimics sigh) and you watch his thoughts
wander away. You had a 24 on that Insight, right?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Plumbeline doesn't look mad right now. You see that her eyes water a
little bit as she looks at her dad kind of not be present, and you probably
feel the sadness of watching someone who's, in addition to his body, his mind
is starting to go a little bit.

Lou: Can I kneel down and get even closer?

Brennan: Yeah, you get really close. A feeble hand, the hand that killed the
Imperator of Ceresia, wraps, very dry, no Fructeran moisture, wraps around
your massive hand. He says,

Gustavo: This is the moment I have dreaded most. Not death, you know. You and
me, we are alike. It does not scare me.

Amethar: Never.

Gustavo: What lives on scares me, Amethar. This empire works, it runs, and
there are many people,

Brennan: And his eyes warmly go over to his daughter.

Gustavo: There are many people who will continue to serve to make sure it runs
well. It does not need all the cleverness in the world, all of the skill, or
technique. But it does need a good heart. Amethar, do you… (labored breaths)
If… If your life were to take a surprising turn, if you were asked to perform
a great service for the people of Calorum, do you think you would have it in
you to do so?

Amethar: For most people, no. For a man who I watched piss and shit himself,
(all laughing) in the trenches of Ceresia, I will do what is necessary.

Brennan: You see he smiles and says,

Gustavo: That's not fair. I had them put up a tent, and you and Manta Ray Jack
lifted the side of the tent—

Amethar: Damn right we did!

Gustavo: Hundreds of soldiers saw my wiener.

(All laughing)

Brennan: You see he laughs a little bit. Lady Plumbeline raises an eyebrow,
and is kind of over it, and you see he says,

Gustavo: I'm going to get you for that.

Amethar: Yeah.

Gustavo: And I think, after the joust, when the last candidate I have to
consider is named, I think I know exactly how I'm going to get my revenge on
you for that prank. And I think my prank is going to last a lot longer.

Amethar: I would hit you so hard, if I didn't think it would kill you.

Gustavo: (laughing) Guards, help!

Amethar laughs.

Brennan: You see he smiles and says,

Gustavo: Best of luck in the melee tomorrow, and this is the answer I have
most longed to hear.

Brennan: He squeezes weakly on your hand, and you and your advisors

step from the room. The Lady Plumbeline closes the door as you step out, and
we will pick up the next day at the Grand Tournament. That's all for this week
on A Crown of Candy!

Siobhan: Ooh, I'm gonna shoot some stuff!

Brennan: Yeah, we're not even gonna roll initiative. Yeah, sorry, no rolling
initiative. We'll do that, we'll do that next week. For the first time in
Dimension 20, we'll roll initiative next week.

Lou: What?

Siobhan: All right, all right.

Brennan: It's not a real fight, it's a fuckin' tournament! What do you want?

Siobhan: I don't believe a word of it.

(Brennan winks at camera)

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 4: The Grand
Tournament](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSrtL_l-2ZFNw-
rwEkK-
qsWlsopaZHsQPnAndx20Xeds-3FgWogpm4AFsPjwMsYqFef7c9WcJsdNn3t/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647616294668&usg=AOvVaw2Tv8puEuoNsAYO3TP3Hvqn)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

Brennan: It's not a real battle. It's a Grand Tournament.

Ally: Sure!

Siobhan: Alright, okay.

Brennan: We have boxes for lords and ladies, the Pontifex herself is there.

Scravoya: (Russian accent) I'm going to put you into the dirt.

Lou: Why does everyone want to kill Amethar? I'm just a king.

Brennan: Riding in the chariot, you guys move past each other. Liam gets his a
little bit closer. Bam!

(gasps)

Siobhan: Son of a bitch!

Emily: Two nat 20s, two nat 20s, two nat 20s, go!

(laughter)

Lou: Oh my God!

Lapin: Oh, we're all going to die!

(laughter)

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew#2131

Edited by: matthew#2131, gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoyT1kfiHGJmiL1pFa3htrx7CxlWfVqlZ_jSC9P2BDx1s7A9OfA-
Zha9_eFo5h94HUq1B0B4701UsSbqObk:0)

Episode 4: The Grand Tournament

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; and Zac Oyama as Chancellor Lapin Cadbury

Episode 4: The Grand Tournament

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQM4WxyUg0mCsoSdXDNHcOsylwVlrOThP7fS-
PEspvA9kxbBtZT6FXiigTD9mjtqWoQ36NHaY4-_bsB/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647621003990&usg=AOvVaw152k-UzyLjccSoCYHzASUx)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRk9VzEu7vMzhp7zKIHUoajaWlks_rLZMiDR-
RI0LJVzVf340kt0MKnBLZYDXUw-
O_k4xVtOv1vO1yb/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647621004618&usg=AOvVaw1AXwe4SjremRTVSSSrcPsu)]
>

(intro music)

Brennan: Hello, one and all and welcome back to Dimension 20, A Crown of
Candy! I am your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me as
always, are our intrepid heroes, say hi intrepid heroes.

Heroes: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: For the first time in Dimension 20 history, we're going to a battle
set and we haven't even rolled initiative yet! (crowd gasp) We’ll do that in a
moment, but also, it's not a real battle. It's a Grand Tournament.

Ally: Sure.

Siobhan: Yeah, we believe you.

Murph: Yeah, whatever dude.

Ally: Sure!

Siobhan: Alright, okay.

Brennan: What, the boon, and naming a candidate, and a seat on the Cornucopian
Council isn't enough to give this stakes?

Emily: Yeah, there's a literal steak (referring to Scravoya Myaso).

Brennan: There is a literal steak.

Brennan: Speaking of which, we see a tourney ground laid out before you. We
have boxes for Lords and Ladies, the Imperial box for extremely important
royalty, nobility. The Pontifex herself is there. Oh, we have livery area
feasting and armory, vendors and merchants, facing off in this bout, we have
Sir Theobald Gumbar of Candia facing off against the Lady Plumbeline Uvano,
whose hair is no longer up in a bun, but flowing freely behind her, out from
under her helmet, the symbol of house Uvano on her shield, her lance in her
hand. Here we have four archers, Liam Wilhelmina of Candia, the princess Ruby
Rocks of Candia, the Lord Citron of Fructera and the Lady Freccia of Ceresia.
So you got a banana and a spaghetti lady.

(laughing)

Ally: Aw, the banana’s cute. He looks just like the bow, but opposite.

Emily: Love the banana archer.

Brennan: Yes. Fructerans are incredible archers. We have two melee bouts going
on at the same time. In this melee bout, we have here, a Vegetanian knight, we
have Captain Annabelle Cheddar. We have—

Emily: Oh, that's not french fries, that's Annabelle Cheddar?

Brennan: No that's french fries, that's a veggie knight. This is Captain
Annabelle Cheddar.

Siobhan: So cool.

Emily: That’s tough to go up against.

Ally: The hot one?

Brennan: Yeah. Do you want to check it out?

Lou: How hot’s that mini, dude?

(cast shouting)

Siobhan: Yeah, let’s see that mini! Baby, that’s a hot mini.

Ally: The bone structure, the confidence—

Lou: You need to calm down with that sexy plastic.

Ally: She looks like she would just listen for hours.

(Lou laughing)

Zac: Something about that sword makes me-

Ally: Something about that sword pointed right at me-

Emily: (incredulously) Listen for hours?

Brennan: We have, Lord Commander Constano Grissini, who you met on the road,
he's competing.

Emily: He’s in there?

Brennan: He is right next to you.

Emily: So many fucking familiar faces.

Brennan: It's a grand tournament of the nobility of Calorum.

Ally: You're in the hot ring.

Siobhan: Yeah, you’re in the sexy ring.

Ally: In there with french fries-

(murmurs)

Emily: We should just drop our weapons—

Brennan: And princess Jet Rocks of Candia. (Emily and Lou cheering) In this
melee ring, there's Sir Keradin Deeproot of Vegetania, a paladin of the
Bulbian church. A Ceresian gladiator. We have, Scravoya Myaso, the Lady of the
Meat Lands and King Amethar of the House of Rocks. Over here, watching Jet’s
fight, we have Lord and Lady Cruller, who are escorting the young Duchess of
the Dairy Islands, Primsy Coldbottle. You see that, Primsy goes,

Primsy: Right, you'll give it to them, Jet, I know you will!

Emily: I take out the scarf she gave me, like the needle work she gave me and
like do a strip dance.

Brennan: (chuckles) Waving it around.

(murmurs)

Ally: I do the same thing.

Brennan: She says,

Primsy: You're my champion, Liam! Don't forget you're doing this for Candia
and the Dairy Islands!

Liam: Yeah, I certainly am!

Brennan: And in the Imperial box, we see, Lord and Lady Swirlie, the Primogen
Alfredi, Basha Myaso looking at his wife, the consort of the Lady Plumbeline,
the Lord Consort Rufus Applebottom, senators Semolina and Ciabatta of Ceresia,
Prince Nezemiah Cabbage and Princess Maisy Cabbage and the Pontifex herself,
Belizabeth Brassica. And in the middle of all of this incredibly politically
important box is Chancellor and Primogen Lapin Cadbury. We'll start even
before we roll initiative—

Emily: I have a quick question.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Emily: I almost hesitate to ask, is Thad here?

Brennan: Thaddeus is— Roll a flat Intelligence check for me if you’d be so
kind.

Emily: 13, oh, Intelligence, 14.

Brennan: To the best of your knowledge, Thaddeus is still in the alley. It's
the next day.

Murph: Oh no!

(laughter)

Brennan: It’s the next day.

Ally: Just jerking off in the alley.

Lou: Absolutely raging in that alley.

Brennan: It is the first day of Brightdusk in the year 1215 in the Arugulan
calendar, the year of our Bulb, and there's merrymaking and feasting, a grand
tournament. Some people here are very nervous, other people are very excited,
it’s a big ol’ party. There's some commoners in the commoner areas that are
like “wow, yeah” cheering, got some Tartguard hanging around as well. And this
little corner, King Amethar and his two daughters, due to placement, have
ended up all next to each other.

Murph: I do want to say I told- I filled the group in on everything I learned
last night about the stinky cheese boy.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: It was— so I definitely told King Amethar.

Brennan: You told him about-

Murph: I warned the kids too.

Brennan: Warn the kids about it as well—

Siobhan: Is he there? He doesn’t seem to be there, right?

Brennan: Would you have told, would that have been like a group-wide thing of
like?

Murph: I would have told Calroy too.

Brennan: Calroy hears you say the cheese boy thing. And he's like,

Calroy: Ah, I think it would behoove us if I were to become an extremely dear
fatherly benefactor to the Duchess Coldbottle, I'll be back later.

Brennan: And you see that he just peels off and literally shows up with her.
They like... he and his... you see that his wife is like doting on her and
they've taken her shopping and have really been, like, working to keep her
away from the dude you described to them.

Murph: Awesome.

Brennan: Without further ado, if everyone here would roll initiative.

Murph: Oh no!

Siobhan: Jesus Christmas.

Emily: 19!

Siobhan: Nat 1.

Murph: 6.

Siobhan: It’s a 4.

Ally: 20.

Brennan: Okay, we'll go around. What did Liam get?

Ally: 20, but not nat.

Brennan: What did Theobald get?

Murph: 6.

Brennan: What did Jet get?

Emily: 19.

Murph: Good job.

Brennan: What did Ruby get?

Siobhan: I got— I rolled a 1, so I got a 4.

Brennan: 4. What did Amethar get?

Lou: 18! Sorry it sounded like 8, I think I heard 8 come out of my mouth and I
was like, wait.

Zac: 11.

Brennan: Lapin got an 11.

Murph: Lapin rolling initiative makes me so nervous!

Brennan: Great.

Ally: (sarcastically) Oh, great.

Brennan: Now I'm going to roll some initiatives real quick.

Siobhan: Oh God, how many—

Lou: Can I talk to my daughters while you’re rolling initiative?

Brennan: Yes, please. You guys before— Chat-chat-chat.

Jet: Um, Ruby, will you be standing here- You just stand here the whole time,
right? As an archer?

Ruby: Mhmm.

Jet: Fantastic news.

Amethar: Great, hey girls?

Jet: Yeah.

Amethar: I know our house words are—

Amethar and Jet: (together) In sweetness there is strength.

Amethar: Let's focus on the strength part today, all right?

Jet: Yes. Fuck yeah, pops.

Amethar: There's no need to be sweet.

Jet: Yeah. Nope.

Amethar: You've shown ‘em how fucking incredible and strong you are.

Jet: I’m gonna show them how salty I can be.

Ruby: Oh, I can still be sweet. I can be sweet and strong and cool. I’m gonna
win!

Jet: I'm going to be a piercing level of sweet.

Amethar: Your aunts, my sisters, would be so proud to watch you this day.

Ruby: I wish we could have met them so much.

Jet: That's a good call. I'm going to close my eyes and picture General
Rococoa. Just want to be like, Aunt Rococoa, shine down upon me.

Ruby: Channel the energy of Lazuli, the Archmage, who was just
(unconvincingly) really, really good at potions.

Amethar: Good, good.

(crowd laughing)

Murph: I give a thumbs up from really far away. I’m just like staring with
shark eyes at everyone.

Liam: I heard that!

Amethar: Hey, and Liam? Do a good job.

Liam: Yeah, I definitely will. I'm making so many friends here. It's crazy,
how many friends you make!

Jet: Friends are great.

Amethar: Yeah friends are great, right?

Liam: I had no idea people were this nice.

Jet: How are you not hungover? You were so wasted last night.

Liam: Oh, no, I am so hungover, I can't believe it. I slept with Preston on my
forehead 'cause he was nice and cold.

Amethar: Oh, sounds right.

Ruby: Yeah, that sounds really good.

Liam: I'm really breaking out in sweats. (crowd laughing) I don't know why I’m
still wearing this hunting cap.

Amethar: Hey, me and your dad used to do stuff, and he would be trashed all
the time. So this is-

Liam: I was wondering about that. Like do I have to shit in front of someone
to like form the kind of bond that you guys all have?

Jet: Should we all shit in front of each other right now?

Liam: Should we all shit in front of you?

Amethar: Y’know how Liam's always saying that thing about being a war guy
versus being a seed guy? This is a war guy thing. And luckily for none of you,
you've never had to make the choice of being a war guy or gal or a seed guy or
gal.

Ruby: I mean Jet and Ruby, we shit in front of each other all the time.

Jet: I've seen Ruby shit some of the dankest shits—

(laughing)

Amethar: I guess part of me is proud and another part of me needs none of that
information. Especially before I fight a giant— Guys I need a second to focus
up before I fight this giant t-bone skeak? steak.

Liam: Skank?

Amethar: This giant t-bone skank. You hear that you skank?

(laughing)

Ruby: Well, okay, our dad is sexist.

Amethar: No, I was just leaning into a faux pas I made.

Lapin: (sighs) We're all going to die.

(cast laughing)

Amethar: Thank God we can’t hear whatever Lapin is thinking right now.

Zac: Lapin is just— (puts his hands on the sides of his face)

Ally: You're just talking to Swirlie and you hate every minute of it.

Lou: Yeah, I think I look up and see you and Swirlie and go,

Amethar: I’m so glad I brought him.

(crowd laughing)

Emily: I think that I have Message ‘cause you have the spell Message, I think
I try to Message Theo saying,

Jet: I'm scared for my father. What should I do if he goes down?

Murph: I see you pointing at me from really far away and point at you and go,

Theobald: You know you need arcane ability to do this, right? Now you can
respond, what were you trying to say?

Jet: So you heard me. I understand.

(Laughing)

Theobald:  I didn't hear- What was the first thing you said when you pointed
at me.

Siobhan: I Message Jet.

Ruby: What are you guys talking about?

Jet: I'm talking about dad. I’m worried if he goes down that I might have to
jump over and save him.

Ruby: Oh, we'll save him if he goes down.

Jet: Okay.

Murph: Points at Jet.

Theobald: Just so you know, I can't hear anything you were saying to Ruby. I
see you pointing at Ruby.

Jet: I’m sorry, I was casting Message on Ruby and not on you.

Lou: I turn around for a quick second to see everyone pointing.

Amethar: Are you guys—? Is something going on?

Murph: I'm doing a thumbs up, just like the Bill Clinton-

(cast laughing)

Amethar: Okay? Okay.

Emily: I point to Lapin.

Jet: Hey!

Lapin: What?

(cast laughing)

Theobald: She thinks she’s casting Message on you.

Lapin: You are not.

Theobald: Lapin says you’re not.

Lapin: Why is everyone using their hands in that way?

Theobald: Well we have to point, we’re trying to make it look like we’re just
doing a thumbs up.

Ruby: For Candia! For Candia!

Jet: That’s how we cast the spell!

Theobald: Everyone be on the lookout, there are many “accidents” that happen
in tournaments, we don't want anything to happen—

Brennan: Okay! Battle commences! (trumpet blowing) You see that Senator
Ciabatta looks over and sees the Pontifex and says,

Ciabatta: Your Holiness. I must, I'm afraid, root for my gladiator, but I hope
that your paladin is able to equate himself honorably.

Brennan: You see the Pontifex says,

Pontifex: I cannot say that I relish looking at these violent sports, but they
bring gladness to the people, and perhaps they are a relic of the age of wars
that is now over.

Brennan: You hear Primsy cheering for you over here. And we're going to start
combat, with Linguina Freccia, the spaghetti archer, she's gonna take a shot
at her target.

Lou: Pretzel bow?

Brennan: Yes, pretzel bow. That is correct.

Siobhan: Beautiful.

Lou: Incredible.

Brennan: She rolls a 22, arrow is very close to the bullseye. (Lou and Ally
clapping) Next to go is Sir Keradin Deeproot. He goes (counting tiles across
the battleset) 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, he just advances over into this corner
and then takes- Looks like he squares up defensively, with like a dodge
action, basically. You see Scravoya, look right at you and say,

Scravoya: You come for the honor of my husband and my people. I'm going to put
you into the dirt.

Amethar: I would have it no other way. Let's say you and I handle these two
and then square things off properly. So there's no question as to whose
prowess won this match.

Brennan: (impressed) What a fucking move. Hold on, go ahead and give- I'm just
going to say, give me a flat Persuasion check.

Murph: Come on.

Siobhan: Come on!

Brennan: It's just Persuasion.

Siobhan: Money, money, money.

Lou: It's only a 7.

Brennan: Okay, she sneers at you and says,

Scravoya: I put you in the dirt before they touch you.

Brennan: Whew! Cool, that is- Keradin has taken the dodge action. That's gonna
be Liam.

Ally: Hey, cool. Can Preston grant me, with the help action, would anyone
notice if—

Brennan: Yeah, he’s on the other side of the fence, he can give you a little
help action, for sure. Let me check the range real quick of your heavy
crossbow. I just want to make sure that we're doing all this legally by the
book et cetera, et cetera. The range is a hundred, so yes, you I believe- So
that's 80 and from there, is that within 20 no, it's just out of range. So the
help is going to make this a straight roll ‘cause you have disadvantage and
advantage at the same time.

Ally: All right.

Murph: Come on! Nice.

Ally: 15, what do I add to that?

Brennan: Oh, just your attack.

Ally: Oh, cool, all right. Yeah, yeah with the bow?

Brennan: Yeah with your heavy crossbow.

Ally: Oh, cool, so that's 23?

Brennan: 23, Oh, Liam gets his a little bit closer than Freccia’s.

Zac: Thunk.

Brennan: Thunk. Jet, the horns ring and you are first to act in your melee.

Jet: Well, like father, like daughter. Annabelle! I honor your claim to the
cheese throne. And I, also an heir who has decided not to wed-

Amethar: What?!  

Jet: -think that we should show these fools a real fucking fight. Be my ally
so that you and I can put on a fucking good unmarried show.

Brennan: (deep breath, clearly surprised) Okay.

Siobhan: Geez Louise.

Brennan: Having never introduced yourself to this woman, you have announced
her greatest shame to the assembled tournament. Go ahead and give me
Persuasion with disadvantage.

Emily: (quietly) I didn't know that was her greatest shame. (dice clacking) I
got a nat 20 though. Oh but—

Siobhan: Disadvantage.

Emily: I can’t use it. I mean, it's on my pen. Should I use this?

Brennan: Yeah, if it’s cocked roll it again.

Emily: I got a 20.

Brennan: A flat 20? You say a lot of real personal shit as out loud as any one
can say in front of the head of a global church. Annabelle looks at you.

Jet: I'm proud of the fact that I'm not married. So, whatever.

Brennan: Annabelle looks at you- An enormous fucking gasp (crowd gasp) goes up
from the audience as you, the heir of Candia, openly announced that you will
not wed.

Murph: Theobald is completely distracted.

Theobald: What?

Brennan: Yeah actually, some of the lords and ladies just scream.

(cast laughing)

(screaming)

Ally: I turn around and go,

Liam: Hell yeah!

Amethar: (chastingly) Liam!

Jet: Thank you, Liam! I thought it was good!

Ruby: If we all agree not to get married, then none of us have to get married.
Unionizing princesses.

Brennan: What an incredible shame you've brought to your houses. You, uh,
cool. Annabelle gets teary-eyed and straightens up her back and salutes you
with her saber.

Emily: Salutes me?

Brennan: With her saber and nods her head. She's extremely emotionally charged
that you've brought this up. But she looks as though, I mean, roll an Insight
check to see how she's feeling but you definitely say some stuff to her.

Emily: All right, I’ll roll an Insight check.

Murph: Nice!

Emily: I got an 18. Oh, no, just a 17.

Brennan: It looks like she's shocked and awed by your bravery and speaking
aloud something that she’s been carrying as a point of shame for a long time
and looks deeply touched by your camaraderie.

Jet: Alright, well you mull that over.

Emily: And then I feint at the fucking guy next to me. I run up to the guy
next to me.

Brennan: To Grissini?

Emily: Yeah, Grissini, who I fought alongside and I feint to give myself- I
use one of my superiority dice to feint and give myself advantage and I
attack.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: Does a 22 hit?

Brennan: 22, hold on, he goes to parry it and your attack passes his parry
anyway.

Emily: Yes! Okay. So I'm going to hit him for- And I add a sneak attack,
right? Cause I had an advantage on that?

Brennan: That's correct.

Emily: 'Cause I feinted. Okay, that's going to be, 10, 14, plus 7, 21!

Brennan: 21 damage?

Emily: Yeah.

Ruby: That's my sister!

Brennan: You see, he looks at you and he says, as you charge him, you see,
says, he’s flabbergasted about what you just fucking said and he says,

Grissini: Princess, are you—

Brennan: Pow! And you’re- All of the weapons have had like bluntings put on
them, like soft cork put on the edges. So your like cork tipped rapier leaps
out and does, bam! Deals 21 points of non-lethal damage to him. You clock him
right in the fucking head.

Jet: I'm sorry you had the misfortune to start next to me.

Brennan: He— go ahead and make a Persuasion or just a flat Charisma check with
advantage for me.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: Hell yeah. Oh my God!

Siobhan: Two 17s.

Emily: 21.

Brennan: I don't know what your Insight is, but he looks like, completely
smitten.

(Emily and Murph laughing)

Brennan: And he's like, he looks, he was like very sort of like, patronizing
to you before and you've popped this fucking young commander of the Imperial
army in the head.

Emily: I lean in and I say,

Jet: Play this right and I might meet you in the alley later.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Incredible.

Ally: I hear that and-

Murph: You just told everyone you’re not gonna marry and then you tell your
fellow combatants you’re going to meet them in the alley.

Ruby: That's my sister!

Brennan: (to himself) Let me see something real quick. (begins counting
quietly)

(cast laughing)

Emily: Thank you.

Ally: I'm like,

Liam: What are you gonna do in the alley? What are you gonna do in the alley?

Jet: The alley is just where I send men, I don't know what, I just send them
there.

Brennan: (to himself) Wow, fuck, fuck, fuck. Okay. Amethar it is your turn.

Lou: Great. I look, quickly, I look to the Deeproot, Knight Deeproot. I say,

Amethar: Same offer, thoughts?

Lou: Can I make another Persuasion check?

Brennan: Give me another Persuasion check, yeah.

Lou: Great, even worse, 5.

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Keradin: We will let the Bulb decide.

Amethar: Oh, great, old fashioned way.

Lou: I take one step forward and go into a rage.

Brennan: One step diagonally?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. That's- You're going to hit Jet if you go there, you can go one
more in towards them.

Lou: Yeah, I can go one more in towards them.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Great step forward, go into a rage-

Brennan: Actually, yeah you can go-

Lou: Actually, is there- Can I never step into- If I just move, I started
where, here?

Brennan: Yeah, there.

Lou: If I move along here, can I step like, just not- No, fuck it! I wanna be
in between the two of them. (immediately changes his mind) No, I don't want
both of them swinging on me. Who knows? They'll probably both end up swinging
on me. I step, yeah, let me step up. I'll step where I had planned. There you
go.

Brennan: I'm going to say that for these purposes, the fences are going to
maintain your aura, so you don't have to worry about hurting people on the
outside of them. Immediately Scravoya and Sir Deeproot, each take 2 points of
damage.

Lou: Great and then I square up on Scravoya.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: Oh, here we go.

Zac: Oh my God.

Siobhan: This is a 19!

Lou: 19.

Murph: Nice!

Lou: Plus nine, 28.

Brennan: Ooh, doctor!

Lou: And then let's go. (to his dice) Who do I trust right now? Let's go you
and you. (rolls dice) Great, for 10 plus 9, 19.

Murph: Wow, good for you!

Brennan: 19 points of damage. Hell yeah. Scravoya was talking a big game. You
stepped forward. Cola (imitates pop rock fizzing) and Payment Day, whooh!
Blunted with cork on the sides, bam! Comes along, like this weird fruity pulpy
cork material. And you brain this, like, giantess steak warrior, for 21 points
of damage in one hit.

Lou: Wait, 19.

Brennan: Oh, sorry, 21 with the fire. Awesome. That is Amethar.

Jet: You do 21 also?

Amethar: I also did 21. Did we both do 21?

Jet: Yes!

Amethar: Well if I wasn't so fucking mad at you, we could be fun with this.

Jet: I was giving you a little something to work with. I know you feed off of
rage.

Amethar: Don't do this. God, I love her so much.

Brennan: Incredible, that's your action, bonus action and movement.

Lou: Yup.

Jet: I am sorry though, I really didn't know that was gonna be so
controversial.

Theobald: You didn’t? You’re the heir!

Amethar: What?

Lou: What’s this Ciabatta doing? What’s this Ciabatta doing?

Brennan: He's in the melee with you.

Lou: No, I understand, but you keep like, having him climb me.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: He's gonna go here. You guys all just rush your melee. You guys just
fucking rush into the center. It’s two barbarians in the mix and he takes a
swing at King Amethar.

Lou: What? So much good competition here.

Brennan: He's gonna take a swing at King Amethar and that's a miss. He swings
and misses. Raises up two swords,

Ciabatta: (Italian) For the glory of Ceresia!

Brennan: That is now going to be Scravoya.

[dramatic music starts]

Siobhan: (whispering) I don’t like it.

Brennan: She's gonna take two big swings at Amethar. Amethar’s AC is 16,
correct?

Lou: 16.

Brennan: That is two hits.

Murph: Nooo!

Lou: I was really hoping you were gonna say two misses, got real excited for a
second.

Emily: Better than two credits.

Lou: Better than two credits.

Brennan: 11 damage on the first one halved to 5.

Lou: Okay, that was-

Brennan: And then- 23 halved to 11 on the next one.

Lou: Jesus!

Brennan: Boom, boom.

Lou: I believe I’m at- So for a total of 16?

Brennan: For a total of 16.

Lou: I'm at 36.

Brennan: (mimics attack noises) And she- Yeah, she's going to move, she's
actually hemmed in. She can't move anywhere.

Siobhan: (to Lou) What are the ability checks that-

Lou: Strength.

Siobhan: Strength checks?

Brennan: That's Scravoya, the archer Citron is going to go. Uh! Lord Citron,
the banana, gets a 25. Launches an arrow right outside the bullseye. And that
is going to be- Lapin, you're up in the box watching the melee. Scravoya
landed some mighty blows on King Amethar, she looks mad.

Zac: Is there like a servant or anything around?

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: Yeah, there's some people with food and stuff.

Zac: Okay well, I'm going to (beckons absentmindedly) call a servant over and
then talk to Lord and Lady—

Brennan: Swirlie?

Zac: Swirlie.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: And say-

Lord and Lady Swirlie: What a fine tourney!

Lapin: It is an amazing tourney, yes, I feel as though maybe we have gotten
off on the wrong foot. I have a request directly from the King. He has asked
something of both of you. Would you want to hear it or would you-

Swirlies: Well, because the King has entrusted us with a special favor then
yes, we must.

Lapin: Yes, he has. Only you two are in the box near the King, close enough to
help him with this very specific task. He was hoping that once this tournament
is over, he would be able to join us in the box and have four glasses of wine.
Now I need either of you to hold two full glasses of wine and hold them until
the tournament's over so that he may join us in merriment.

(Brennan sighs)

Swirlies: This request is exceedingly normal (cast laughs) and we shall
disperse with it post-haste, my good Chancellor.

Lapin: Yes, yes. Can we get a servant to bring them to you?

Brennan: Immediately, someone's there with goblets of wine.

Lapin: Now just hold them. Just hold them.

Swirlies: We shan't take any little sneaky sips!

Lapin: The crown will always remember you for this.

Swirlies: (flattered) My good chancellor!

(laughs)

Zac: And then I will- And then Lapin will prepare a reaction.

Brennan: Very cool, I'm down. You can like full delay your turn if you want,
you can just let your- Like, you're just watching so you are full- Yeah. You
don't even need to prepare like “a reaction”.

Zac: Okay, I just want to be able to- So like after- Maybe if it gets worse, I
can go whenever I want to go.

Brennan: Yes, you just chime in. You're like full- You're just sending your
turn down the river.

Zac: Great.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Lovely. That is going to be—

Lou: (quietly) Send that turn right on down the river.

Emily: Scheming!

Brennan: Bonathan rushes up.

Emily: Bonathan could have been my ally.

Brennan: It's gonna go for Annabelle Cheddar. Hits Annabelle twice.

Jet: I will avenge you, my lady!

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: Annabelle takes 12 points of damage as Bonathan lashes out (combat
noises) with his pike. That is going to be Lady Plumbeline, begins to, again-
You're gonna act on the same turn, Theo.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So she just starts charging and readies an action, basically. That's
Plumbeline. Annabelle takes a bonus action disengage, goes (counting tiles) 5,
10, 15, 20, 25, 30 to give you a Sneak Attack and rushes in, just as she
whispers, a little tear goes down the side of her face and she goes,

Annabelle: Long have the Dairy Islands and Candia stood side by side. I shall
not see that end this day.

Brennan: And she's going to take three attacks on Grissini.

Ruby: Oh my God, she rules!

Brennan: Okay.

Ruby: Jet, make friends with her!

Emily: Like, 5 minutes after she winked at me, I wink back, cause I was in
shock for that long.

Ally: And then you see me and I'm like- (winks)

Liam: Is it a wink train?

Brennan: She does this thing where she does a full back flip and bicycle kicks
Grissini’s spear so it goes up and on the come down, slashes underneath his
armor and scores a hit underneath his shoulder on his arm and lands back on
her feet. She's got- From being on rolling decks of ships her whole life,
she's got the most powerful thighs. Her core strength- Like, she just all-
Every step is as sure footed as it could be.

Ally: Like a soccer hottie?

Brennan: Like a soccer hottie. Very Megan Rapinoe, very—

Ally: Goddamn!

Brennan: That better still be a prescient reference in the 11 months from when
we filmed this.

Ally: In 2021.

Emily: I send a Message to Theobald saying,

Jet: I think she's one of the good ones.

Murph: I'm riding a horse at someone else, I can't hear anything.

(crowd laughing)

Brennan: That's gonna be Constano who's getting all banged up on and all his
abilities are about granting actions to allies.

Siobhan: Oh, god bless him!

Murph: Poor guy.

Emily: So I probably should have been his ally but Annabelle's way cooler.

Siobhan: I mean look, what can you do, meet me in the alley.

Brennan: (quietly) This one’s going for Annabelle.

Ally: Meet me in the alley.

(laughs)

Zac: Your fight's working out pretty well.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Jet, he comes at you for 12, 15, 22 points of damage to you.

Emily: Shield!

Brennan: Shield, hold on.

Emily: So it's 23.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: He still hits you with a 23.

Emily: Oh, fuck!

Brennan: So you take the 22 and Annabelle goes ahead. She takes a full 20.
Annabelle is looking hurt. She got hit twice in this melee. That's going to
be, Theo, that's you.

Murph: Sweet, so we're riding at each other?

Brennan: You are riding each other. We're gonna resolve this Joust as you guys
move past each other. First, I'm gonna need handle animal checks from each of
you.

Murph: Oh god! Okay.

Brennan: Is this where Sprinkle’s giving you the help action?

Murph: Sprinkle is gonna help me calm down the— They are called meeps, right?

Brennan: They are called meeps.

Ally: Cute.

Murph: Okay.

Theobald: Sprinkle, to the meep!

Brennan: So, you need to get a- If you do not get a DC10 on this Animal
Handling check, you will have disadvantage on all the rolls as you joust.

Murph: Fuck me. I have two rolls. I'm using my advantage. All I need to do is
just get an above-average roll with two.

Siobhan: Come on, Sprinkle.

Murph: And I did it, 14.

Brennan: Great, you and her are each going to make an attack. If you hit the
other's armor class, you will be able to make an Athletics check to try and
knock them off.

Murph: Sweet. Okay, attack. 24.

Brennan: 24, a hundred percent hits.

Ally: Hell yeah!

Brennan: And then, that is— Does she hit you? No, she doesn't come anywhere
near hitting you. She lowers her lance. She's riding in the chariot. You guys
move past each other. Go ahead and give me an Athletics roll.

Brennan stares at his roll in shock, putting his hands to his head.

Murph: Come on, Theo! 15.

Brennan: (head in his hands) She rolled a natural 1.

Siobhan: Brutal.

(crowd cheering)

Brennan: You see Plumbeline lower her lance, you ride. She looks extremely
competent, but you look at her, she's like an incredibly— Everything you've
heard about her is that she's very impressive but she's like a lady of court.
She's supposed to be an incredible archer, but she didn't sign up for the
fucking archery competition, she signed up for the joust, and we know why she
signed up for the joust, but she doesn't have the— She's not a fucking knight
and she lowers her lance, you lower yours. You've been jousting since you were
a fucking kid. You put your lance literally right under the lip of her armor,
lift her up out of the chariot and she- You were supposed to go through three
rounds of lances. You have ended this joust in your first lance and laid her
out in the middle of the lane and a roar goes up in the crowd. All the
Tartguard are screaming, you see Cruller over in the stand is like,

Calroy: Yes, yes, this is how it is done in Candia!

Liam: Yeah, Theo!

Murph: I feel like Theo is— Plumbeline’s good folk. I feel like I hop over the
little thing and I help her up.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Persuasion- just a Charisma check with
disadvantage.

Murph: Ooh, oh no. Okay, that's just a 9.

[sad music starts]

Brennan: Cool. You get off of your mount, jump over the fence pretty easily,
go to her, put out your hand and you see tears streaming down her face as she
slaps your hand away and moves to get herself up.

Murph: I back up.

Brennan: Okay, that is- Damn! Ruby, that's you.

Ally: Nat 1.

Siobhan: Ooh boy!

Brennan: She rolled a fucking nat 1.

Ally: That's crazy.

Lou: That’s sad.

Siobhan: I feel so bad for her.

Lou: But honestly, Theobald? Hell yes!

Ally: We're doing really well in this so far.

Emily: Don't say it, stop jinxing us!

Siobhan: I've been trying to figure out anything that I can do to help me do
this but it's just rolling, all I can do. It's bad. It's a 10.

Brennan: Cool, it's a 10. Your arrow goes off wildly. Does not hit a target.

Siobhan: It's very far off the range of my bow.

Brennan: Yup. Someone off the side pronounces:

Announcer: First arrow to Lord Citron of Fructera.

Brennan: The people are going nuts over the Joust that just happened. People
are still screaming about what fucking Jet just said at the melee. What's
weird is the main fucking melee is the one people are like barely paying
attention to because it's like fucking wild. What a fucking show! We go back
to the top. The Lady Freccia hits a 23.

Siobhan: Jesus!

Brennan: I'm going to need Amethar to make three constitution saving throws.

Siobhan: Oh, shit!

Lou: Why? Can I ask that? I just say why?

Emily: She’s tickling you!

Lou: So we have-

(ominous string drone starts)

Brennan: Order them for me. So just put them in an order.

Zac: Saving throws?

Lou: Highest?

Brennan: No, just put them in any order you want. Just give them to me one at
a time.

Lou: Okay. First one- First one, 16.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Second one, 21. Third- Fuck you! Third one, 12. I hate you. You know
that?

Siobhan: This is personal.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Why does everyone wanna kill Amethar, I'm just a king.

Ally: I’m just a king!

Siobhan: I’m just a humble king!

Lou: Anyone want to kill a giant T-bone steak? (sighs)

Brennan: Okay, you take, hold on one second here- 8 and 8, 16 halved to 8
damage of piercing and after that…

(soft music)

There is a long, silent pause as Brennan rolls damage.

Brennan: After you take the 8, you take 22 points of damage that is not
halved.

Siobhan: Oh, fuck!

Brennan: You— In the midst of combat, Scravoya bearing down on you, you
suddenly feel a flash of something in your side and a deep pain cuts through
your rage. Your throat closes up.

(somber music)

Lou: Like as in, I can't breathe?

Brennan: You are barely able to breathe. You're still kind of drawing breath.

Emily: (to Siobhan) Someone has a poisoned weapon!

Brennan: It hasn't fully choked off yet, but as you try, you could just
naturally kind of grunt and instead of a grunt coming out, just a (croaks)
comes out, a little croak.

Emily: Wouldn't poison be illegal in this if we have blunted—

Murph: Can we roll Perception checks? Like me and Lapin, cause we’re out of-

Zac: Yeah, can Lapin—

Brennan: I'm gonna say right now that everybody can roll a Perception check on
their turns.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: Lapin is gonna go now…

(cast laughing)

Brennan: That checks out.

Lou: That's why we hold our turns, throw them down the river.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: What are you at?

Lou: 6.

Ally: Yeah...

Brennan: Sorry, hold on a second.

Lou: So I'm alive.

Siobhan: Shit!

Brennan: Lapin, you go now. Yes.

Zac: I make the Perception check first?

Brennan: You make some Perception checks. It is a roaring field of- It is
loud. I will tell you this right now. Everybody else here will be making
Perception checks with disadvantage because you're in the middle of a grand
tournament and there's horns blaring everything else, because Zac, you made
the decision before play to do what your character would do and sit in the box
and watch even though I put all this fun stuff in front of you, you will not
roll with disadvantage. Now I am going to ask you to roll in the Box of Doom
to notice this cause all you- Cause think about what you're trying to notice.
You're trying to notice that King Amethar is having a breathing problem and
got hit in a place where he's supposed to get hit. So this is a DC 20
Perception check. These Perception checks to notice that something has
happened to the King are all going to be Box of Doom.

Brennan: What do you add for perception?

Zac: Plus 3.

Brennan: So you need a 17 or higher.

Murph: Come on, dude.

Zac: Ready?

Brennan: Ready. (dice rolls) 8.

Zac: Fuck!

Brennan: You do not notice that anything is wrong.

Zac: But I noticed that he's hurt—

Brennan: Yeah he's hurt. But he's hurt because he's getting hit with big
blunted weapons.

Lou: I've been pierced in the side?

Brennan: Something happened, you can make- Give me a Perception check with
advantage.

Lou: Because it's blunted weapons, right?

Brennan: It's blunted weapons, yeah.

Emily: So they're poisonous?

Lou: Jesus Christ, Perception?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: 8.

Brennan: You were avoiding a blow from Scravoya. You bumped into the gladiator
and to Sir Keradin. And for a second you felt something sharp, but you're
like, oh, I might've clipped like a sharp edge of their armor or something.
Maybe I fucked up. And then your throat closed up. Second attack misses. That
is going to be Liam. Your turn at the archery competition again.

Ally: Alright.

Emily: I knew they were coming for my father.

Siobhan: You can make a Perception check—

Brennan: Making a Perception check to notice something? So you need the
lowest- What is your bonus to Perception?

Ally: What is my perception, baby… Ah, 3.

Brennan: 3? So you need the lower of these two rolls to be a 17 or higher.

Ally: All right. I'm pretty observant, come on!

Brennan: 14 is not gonna do it.

Siobhan: Oh, close!

(Lou laughs)

Ally: Okay. Cool. So I'm probably waving at Coldbottle.

Brennan: Yeah, she's going,

Primsy: Right, you're doing so great, I love it!

Brennan: Amethar, you begin to like feel yourself get woozy and are looking
around at all the cheering people, you see Primsy, your daughters fighting.
Liam, go ahead and roll your archery.

Ally: Okay, and it's just one, right?

Brennan: Just one.

Ally: Hey hell yeah! That is 26.

(laughs)

Brennan: 26.

Ally: What?

Siobhan: He’s dying!

Lou: No, I am glad.

Emily: Yeah, it’s funny that—

Lou: No, Liam needs to win.

Ally: That's so good!

Zac: It is great, it is great.

Siobhan: Liam's gonna be on the council? Representing the milk people?

Lou: It’s so good.

Liam: Did you see that, Amethar? Oh, you're busy.

Amethar: (grunts and swings in confusion)

(cast laughs)

Liam: Theo, did you see that?

Theobald: Yes, I actually did, well shot!

Liam: Yeah, thanks! You notice everything. Nothing gets past you.

Theobald: That's right, looking at this bullseye.

Zac: I don't wanna like mitigate too much, but like, I don't know, like I
couldn't have done-

Brennan: You rolled an 11 Perception check.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Until something more dramatic happens to Amethar, there won't be
anything for you to notice. Like if you had got a 15, you might have noticed
that he's like stumbling a little bit. But whatever happened, happened. I'll
do this diligently. Let me make a roll on my side of the board. I know that
your passive perception is 13. If you're wondering what my Stealth roll was,
it was a Nat 20.

Siobhan: Fuck, man!

Emily: That probably like just applies to that interaction, right?

Brennan: Yeah it only applies to that interaction.

Emily: Yeah cool, okay.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: So,

Jet: Father!

Ruby: Pops!

Jet: Father!

Ruby: Pops!

Brennan: Jet, that's gonna be you.

Emily: It's my turn? Okay, I'm going to do my Perception roll to see if I
notice what's going on with my dad.

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: I love just the slow moving around the table.

Emily: Two nat 20’s, two nat 20’s, two nat 20’s, go!

Emily rolls both dice and misses the Box of Doom entirely; they fall onto the
tournament battleset.

Lou: Oh my God.

(laughing)

Brennan: Neither does it. Do you need a Nat 20 to succeed on this perception
check?

Emily: I don't know, I just thought—

Siobhan: She has 0 perception.

Ally: No, you just needed 17, right? Oh wait, what’s your added perception?

Emily: 0\.

Ally: Oh, then yes.

Brennan: So you do need two Nat 20’s.

Emily: Okay, I have a question.

Ally: Two nat 20’s, two nat 20’s.

Jet: Pops, looking great!

Emily: Oh god! (laughing) Missed the Box of Doom. Okay.

Brennan: So what are you gonna do?

Emily: If I were to jump onto the thing onto the fence behind me, would I get
advantage on attacks?

Brennan: You wanna do like a WWE, get up on the ropes?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, as long as you don't leave the square, you're not disqualified.

Emily: Okay, then I think I want to jump up behind me.

Brennan: I'm going to say, I'm going to need a DC 20 Acrobatics check going
off the side to get advantage.

Emily: Okay, I am feeling conservative right now because my— Whatever I as a
player know. But I'm gonna go for it, okay. Failed.

(laughs)

Brennan: Did you roll a nat 1?

Emily: No, I just got 13.

Brennan: Cool, so what is Jet gonna do?

Emily: Okay, I’m just gonna attack Constano. I think I'm gonna say,

Jet: Annabelle, you are better than even the bards foretold.

Emily: And then I'll attack him.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Does an 11 hit?.

Brennan: It don't.

Emily: I'm gonna Second Wind.

Brennan: Okay, cool. You go Second Wind, you roll your HP, how much you get
back?

Emily: 5 plus 2, 7. I got 7 back.

Brennan: Awesome, Amethar, that's you.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Lou: Great, so right now where I'm at, I fully know that my throat is slowly-
I can feel it closing?

Brennan: That is correct. Yes, you can feel it closing.

Lou: Would I understand this to be unusual?

Brennan: Yes, you would understand that some- You're immediately- You're in
the pitch of combat and you're like, "something very bad has happened".

Lou: And this would be nothing like I've ever felt in any of the tournament's
I’ve participated-

Brennan: Nothing, no this is not a tournament. Something fucked up happened.

Lou: Fantastic. I'm going to disengage and fully charge into the second arena
next door toward Lord Cruller.

Brennan: Awesome, cool. You disengage, that's awesome, clutch, give me an
Athletics check.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: And you have advantage cause you're raging.

Lou: (mumbling about his dice) I don't like you, I don’t want either one of
you...

Brennan: You got to clear 10.

Lou: I do that, yeah.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Lou: 12.

Brennan: 12\. You stumble, trip, fall, get over here, so that’s (counting
tiles) 5, 10, 15, 20. That's 20 feet of movement and you're going for-

Jet: Dad, I got this, don't worry about me!

Lou: I'm in a- And I think like as a warrior, somebody who knows when to
indicate themselves, I'm going to lay down on the ground, I think right about
there. Like, enough to get out of my pen to suggest that I don't want to fight
anymore.

Zac: Can I- This looks crazy.

Brennan: This is fucking crazy. But you've taken your turn now. So now we have
to wait.

Zac: Just as a Perception- Okay.

Brennan: Actually let me think. No, I said on your turn. Yeah, you did your
Perception, so you're going to have to wait until your next, you know what,
I'll be nice though and I'll put- Here's a compromise. I'll put your turn back
where it was in the initiative order.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Cool. Alright.

Jet: Annabelle, meet my father.

Zac: I don't want you to have to-

Brennan: No, no, no, we're all good. Okay.

Ally: So, you're laying down in the middle of the wrong arena?

Lou: Yes, I go full (motions being prone), yeah.

Ally: Great.

Brennan: So you got 10 more- That's 30 there.

Lou: I don't need to go further. I just wanna make sure that it's clear that I
am no longer competing in my combat and lay- And go prone.

Brennan: You go prone, bam! Amethar collapses, yeah I'm gonna have to roll
initiative for Cruller now. That's not a great roll from ol’ Crully boy.

Zac: What’s your initiative?

Lou: I’m- 18.

Siobhan: (singing) Ohhh Crully Boy.

Brennan: Okay you disengage, you jump. Any other bonus action?

Lou: No, not at this time, nope, nope, nope.

Brennan: I believe you exit your rage ‘cause you didn't attack anyone this
turn.

Lou: No, I'm now out of my rage.

Brennan: Okay. This gladiator laughs and takes some swings at Scravoya. As
people announce like,

Announcer: The King has disqualified himself.

Brennan: He takes some swings at Scravoya and misses both times. I’m gonna
make a Wisdom check for Scravoya in the Box of Doom.

Emily: Make sure you don't miss the Box of Doom.

Siobhan: Yeah, maybe keep your eyes open.

Brennan: She's gotta get an 11 or higher to make the more prudent call here.
That's a 6.

Siobhan: Well.

Ally: (looking at Emily) I can't wait to see your Box of Doom roll where it
bounces off the edge.

Brennan: Scravoya fully dishonors herself, leaps over this. She's going to
make—

Zac: Does Jet get an attack of opportunity on her?

Emily: Yeah, do I?

Brennan: She doesn't leave your threatened area.

Murph: Is she trying to kill the king?

Brennan: She has a blunted weapon.

Emily: She's definitely got some kind of…

Murph: They’re not within 30 feet of here, are they?

(tense music)

Lou: No.

Zac: No.

Murph: Fuck!

Emily: She’s got some kind of poison pin.

Siobhan: I don't think it's her. I think it's one of the other two.

Murph: I think it's somebody who's invisible.

Zac: I don't think it's any of them.

Siobhan: Oh shit!

Brennan: She misses on the first, even though you're prone, hits on the second
for-

Emily: All right balls to the fucking wall. I'm going after Scravoya now.

Brennan: 13 plus 4, she does 17. Amethar is unconscious.

(Emily screams)

Ally: 17?

Brennan: She wails on him with a blunted ax. Amethar goes prone. People start
screaming. You see that Basha looks around. It's like, the look on her face is
that she thinks Amethar was cheating. She's like, I said I was gonna beat his
ass and then I hit him and he tried to run away. Then, that's going to be Lord
Citron, not taking his eye off the ball here.

Emily: (incredulous) He’s going back to archery?

Lou: My guy wants that seat!

Brennan: Actually, Scravoya leaps and shakes the ground and his arrow just
(plink!) goes straight up into the air on a nat 1.

Liam: So I'm still winning?

Theobald: Nice job, Liam!

Brennan: Lapin, it's your turn.

Zac: Lapin is gonna push both the Lord and Lady Swirlie onto the other
Primogen-

Murph: Oh, hell yeah!

Zac: And with the hopes that their cups of wine blind her briefly.

Brennan: (laughs in slight disbelief) Go ahead and give me-

Zac: Hip check them.

Murph: Just like distract the- Yeah.

Brennan: Just hip check them. Lord Swirlie and Lady Swirlie are not very
strong, so we're just going to call this, I think a DC- I'm honestly gonna
call it- Well actually I'll roll for them.

Zac: And what's the-

Brennan: I rolled a natural 2. So all you gotta do is beat a 3 on an
Athletics. So you need a 5 or higher.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Cause you have minus 1 strength, right?

Zac: Yes.

Murph: Come on, Lapin.

Zac: 5 or higher?

Brennan: 5 or higher on Athletics.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: Great. You reach in and some warlock- You feel the sugar of the
Sugar-Plum Fairy. You mightily shove both Lord and Lady and the wine goes
fucking crashing everywhere. (spilling sound effect) Primogen Alfredi is
soaked.

Zac: Okay as that happens and her— She is hopefully blinded I am going to
bonus action heal the King with my Healing Light which is 30 foot radius.

Brennan: You might not be in range my guy, we're going to find out right now.

Emily: You could push-

Zac: Or I'm sorry, it's 60 feet.

Brennan: 60 feet, that is a very— King is within range.

(Emily sighs in relief)

Zac: And I'm going to heal him for 3d6.

Ally: Oh wow.

Zac: I feel like he's— Something’s fucked up, right?

Brennan: He goes prone for sure, yeah.

Murph: Amethar like running away from a fight and then collapsing as you-

Zac: Do I do a Deception check now? Or should I do a Deception check like-

Brennan: You should do- Well, we don't need it. You're gonna roll your hit
points in a second. Do your Deception check now and do it with advantage
because of the commotion that you caused.

(sighs)

Zac: That is only a 14.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: A nat 1 and a 5.

Emily: 14's good though, don't downplay 14!

Brennan: You have advantage, 14. We're gonna roll Alfredi’s insight. Now she's
got disadvantage because of what you did as well, but she gets a plus 5 to
this roll. So the lower of these rolls needs to be 8 or less. I've designed a
battle that makes me feel scared and nervous.

Lou has his hands on Siobhan and Zac’s shoulders for support. Siobhan is
holding Lou’s hand in hers.

Brennan: I'm also— (stands up and begins the roll) All right.

Lou: She needs 8 or less.

Brennan: She needs 8 or less.

Emily: But she has disadvantage.

Brennan: She has disadvantage, so the lower needs to be- What did you roll
again?

Lou: 14.

Brennan: 14, she gets plus 5. So she needs a 9 or higher to clock it. So an 8
or lower on the lower die.

Brennan rolls the dice and does not tell the cast what he rolled, though the
screen shows the audience a 2 and a 7.

Brennan: Now we're gonna roll the—

Siobhan: You son of a bitch!

Brennan: Now we're gonna go ahead and roll just for like anyone else here to
notice something. Who else would even notice you?

Zac: All those other people are in front of me too.

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: Yeah, yeah!

Siobhan: The Pontifex?

Brennan: Actually, nobody but the Lady and the Ceresian, I'll roll for them
anyway at a disadvantage because they're probably not worried about that. And
they all just have to- The lower one will have to be a 14 or higher.

Brennan rolls the dice and again doesn’t tell the cast, but the audience sees
a 4 and an 8.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: My man is rolling these, you know, what is this called? Box of Doom
rolls? I can't even talk anymore.

Emily: I wanna break your Box of Doom.

Brennan: Amethar.

Siobhan: Fucking break your glasses, you don’t even wear them but I’m gonna
fucking break them anyway.

Zac: Oh, do I roll his hit points, or?

Brennan: Now roll the hit points, yes.

Zac: Okay, can I use this?

Lou: Of course, you can use literally whatever you want, Lapin.

Zac: 6, 6, 1.

Ally: Hey, hell yeah.

Emily: Okay, 13!

Brennan: 6, 6, 1? Okay, 13. Amethar, everything goes black for a moment. And
you feel your throat closing up and you are in a massive field of wheat.
(imitates wind whooshing) You look down at the ground, peppered with javelins
and arrows, your sister Rococoa looks up at you. You never saw her alive in
this position. You discovered her dead here. She looks up and goes,

Rococoa: (whispering) Can't give up the fight that soon.

Brennan: And you come to and you regain these hit points. You were filled— You
managed to disguise yourself so well that you just do your hands like, sort of
within your cape and— But Amethar is sort of filled with holy light and you
are still prone, but on your turn, you can use half your movement to stand up.

Lou: Okay... will I? That's the question.

Zac: If this guy keeps swinging at you while you're prone-

Lou: I mean yeah, I have to- You’re right.

Brennan: Okay, that is Lapin. Bonathan is- But he’s like-

Siobhan: Bonathan, you son of a bitch!

Brennan: He's gonna charge Annabelle. Takes some swings at old Annabelle here.
That's two hits on Annabelle again, damn! Yeah, Annabelle's looking hurt!
After Bonathan, Plumbeline stands up herself and is going to leap the fence
here, leap here and just start to run off.

(gasps)

Emily: Yeah, I thought so.

Brennan: That's a hard beat. She takes off running and then Annabelle is going
to go. I'm gonna have her make a Perception check, actually.

Jet: (pointing at Annabelle) Annabelle, something's wrong with my dad and I am
going to exit this fight, but I promise you, the boon is yours, okay? I feel
bad for reneging on this promise that we made, the boon is yours.

Brennan: She looks over at Scravoya who's raising her axe again and says,

Annabelle: Right, I don't need no charity. I'll tell you how we settle this.

Brennan: She's going to run up and attempt to disarm Scravoya—

Emily: Uhhhh!

Brennan: Which is a risky proposition. She got a 15 and that means Scravoya on
a 7 or higher is going to not be affected. She goes to disarm and Scravoya
just drops down the axe, Annabelle takes a step back and is not able to disarm
Scravoya. That's going to be- Constano looks at you say that as well and says,

Grissini: Is there something wrong?

Jet: Yes, someone is still trying to kill my father. You saw this happen
yesterday and it is happening today. I knew it. I'm a little bit psychic and I
sensed it was going to happen today.

Brennan: You see that Constano throws his spear, throws the spear on the
ground-

Ruby: Stop telling people you have magic, they will murder you.

Brennan: Constano throws his spear on the ground and begins to wave at the
Pontifex and Senator Ciabatta. He's speaking Ceresian and in Ceresian he's
going,

Grissini: Senator Ciabatta, something is wrong. Something is wrong!

Ally: Can I turn around since I understand Ceresian?

Brennan: Everyone- Yeah, you understand Ceresian so you hear him say that.

Ruby: What did he say?

Liam: Something’s wrong with your dad.

Brennan: He leaps into this pit as well. That's going to be- That's Constano's
turn, Theo, that's going to be you.

Murph: Full dash.

(laughs)

Brennan: (to Lou) Your boy!

Murph: I take the quickest path, I’m like, jumping over-

Emily: You should unharness the Meep!

Murph: (counting tiles across the set) 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50,
55, 60. So I want to do a full dash till I’m just, like, hopping over fences
and then I'm gonna Action Surge—

Brennan lets out an impressed breath.

Murph: And jump the fence and fucking dive and try to grab her ax.

(laughs)

Siobhan: Sick!

Brennan: Incredible. Go ahead and give me opposed Athletics.

Murph: Sweet, can I have Sprinkle help me?

Brennan: Yes Sprinkle’s right on your back.

Murph: I'm not trying to win a fucking tournament right now.

Brennan: So you’d have to beat- Scravoya, only rolled a 4! So that's a 13, you
just gotta beat a 13 on Athletics.

Murph: Okay, come on!

Emily: You got this!

Murph: Oh my god, 24!

Brennan: You guys see as you look at Plumbeline, like, with like fucking rage
tears, you like extend the hand of honor, she smacks it out of the way, gets
up, walks away, her dreams dashed in a fucking instant. You rush up, you guys
see Theo turn- The second you hear shouting, you see your King on the ground.
You guys, Theo has always been a stiff guy. This fucking, like, jungle cat
fucking like- Just like- He bounces, leaps, hurdles over the fucking fence
(mimics jumping), another fence, clears it. You leap through the air, tuck and
roll and rip out of the 10 foot tall Scravoya’s hands, rip, disarm and toss
the fucking ax out of the ring.

Ruby: How has he just always been this cool? What's going on?

Theobald: The fight is over!

Liam: So cool.

Theobald: Everyone go home.

Jet: Okay, Theo you can teach me a disarming blow too.

Brennan: Awesome, Theo doing the fucking bodyguard best, baby.

Lou, who has been spinning his pencil between his fingers, loses his grip on
it and flings it into Zac and then onto the floor.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ, fucking Ally’d that pencil.

Brennan: Ruby, that's going to be you.

Siobhan: Oh fuck! Well, I see all of this commotion behind me. That seems more
important than shooting arrows to me right now. Um... fuck! Can I do a
Perception check on what's happening with- Is that still in play, this
Perception checks situation?

Brennan: No. Amethar's move has made this clear as day for all.

Siobhan: Okay, great. Oh god, I don’t—

Zac: Can we see Perception on anything else?

Brennan: You're welcome to just roll a Perception check on—

Siobhan: Yeah, can I just see what, like… Here's what I would like to do. Is I
would like to have Yak fly up and Yak has plus 4 to perception.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: And I can basically warg into Yak for an action, see what's going on.

Zac: Does that look like anything?

Brennan: If it's not a spell that takes an action to cast, look—

Siobhan: It's part of Find Familiar.

Brennan: So it does not take an action, it will not register as a spell.

Siobhan: Great. It’s a 6.

Murph: You do have to use an action.

Siobhan: Oh really?

Murph: Yeah, additionally as an action, you can see through your familiar's
eyes and hear what it hears. Until the start of your next turn-

Siobhan: Okay, well, in which case I won't do that. Then I just got a 5 on my
Perception check.

Brennan: Okay, you got a 5 perception check? You're looking around. It's just
chaos, your dad’s on the ground, it's scary.

Siobhan: Okay, I'm gonna jump over and be with Jet, so that we can have our
Locket of the Sweetest within 5 feet of each other.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Because that's it. I just— It's more important, Liam's already
winning.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: That's more important to me. Do I need to make a jump check?

Brennan: Oh yeah, give me a little Athletics.

Siobhan: Or Acrobatics?

Brennan: Acrobatics, yeah.

Siobhan: 20, not nat.

Brennan: You flip over. Are you sending Yak up regardless or no?

Siobhan: Yeah I think so, just like-

Brennan: Cool, so you flip over here, you get on this side of your

sister over here, right? You wanna be within 5 feet of her?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool and Yak takes off and begins to- I’ll put Yak over here.

Awesome, that is Ruby. Cruller leaps the fence, lands down here, runs over
(rolling dice) and you see that he slashes the belt of Bonathan, the vegetable
knight, so that his pants fall down. He goes (slashing noises) and says,

Calroy: The fight’s over!

Emily: Yeah Bonathan!

Siobhan: Yeah, you fucking idiot.

Emily: The fight’s over, Bonathan!

Murph: Hey Bonathan, chill.

Lou: Bonathan, calm down!

Brennan: You see that Bonathan goes like,

Bonathan: (Screaming) Ahh! My honor!

Brennan: You see Calroy, walks over, leans down to you. You see like genuine
panic in his eyes as he touches you and he goes,

Calroy: Amethar, can you speak?

Lou: Can I?

Brennan: You cannot. He starts looking around everywhere and just shouts,

Calroy: (shouting) We need a healer!

Brennan: You see, as he shouts “we need a healer”, Freccia also not taking her
eyes off the fucking prize— (rolling dice) That's a bad roll.

Siobhan: Read the room! Read the room!

Lou: Who’s Freccia?

Emily: I guess fucking win this tournament!

Lou: Who’s Freccia?

Siobhan: The pasta archer.

Theobald: Hey, come on Liam!

Brennan: You see that the Paladin Keradin when— So Cruller looks right at
Keradin and says,

Calroy: (Shouting) We need a healer!

Brennan: Keradin looks over at him sort of wide-eyed and begins to run.
Technically he can't move through your guys spaces while you are combatants.
Scravoya is still very much fighting even though she's disarmed. So he goes
(counting tiles) 5, 10, 15. He makes an Athletics check, he succeeds, 15, 20
and looks to see if you're gonna part to let him go through to your dad.

Ruby: Drop your weapon.

Jet: (to Keradin) Yeah. Ready an action and I will shove you down to him!

Ruby: Drop your weapon!

Brennan: He drops his mace, he goes- He takes a full movement to kneel down
near Amethar but it's more movement than he has so he has to- He misses his
action.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Keradin. Liam, that's you!

Ally: Great. Okay. Can I kneel down and look like I'm petting Preston and try
to cast something?

Brennan: Can you kneel down and pet Preston and look like you're trying to
cast- Sorry, repeat that one.

Ally: Oh, sorry. I wanna cast Detect Poison and Disease to see where this came
from. But can I roll, like, some sort of Deception?

Brennan: Deception? You can absolutely roll Deception.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: If Preston's helping you with that, then you can get advantage on
your roll.

Emily: Feel free to let me know.

Ally: (sigh of relief) Phew, good, alright. I got a 10.

Brennan: ...10?

(laughs)

Ally: A nat 1 was in there.

Brennan: Oh, okay, I'm gonna roll here real quick. You might've been noticed,
you might not, you're not sure.

Ally: I cast Detect Poison and Disease ‘cause he looks really sick, from what
I can see is happening to him.

Brennan: There's definite poison.

Ally: So I can- I identify the kind of poison, the poisonous creature and the
disease. And I can see, like, the location of the poisons.

Brennan: ...Can I read that card real quick?

(Murph laughs)

Ally passes their card to Brennan.

Siobhan: Yes, Liam!

Emily: It says, “I can fuck up your shit.”

Brennan: (looking at the camera) I hate having my shit fucked!

(laughs)

Zac: Location!

Emily: Let me know if you see it, ‘cause I go next and I will fucking attack
that—

Brennan: You detect a poison, there is a poison cocktail within Amethar.

The effect that he failed the saving throw against was the weakest effect,

meaning that the others were worse. He successfully saved to take half damage
from one that was poison damage that bypassed rage, ‘cause it was poison
damage.

Siobhan: That 22 was half damage?

Brennan: Correct. So that was halved, right? Additionally, so the effects this
has are- It can deal a lot of damage as we've discovered. King Amethar saved
for half. It can grant the poison condition, which is basically disadvantage
on attacks and saves and bad, saved against that. And it silences the other
person for one hour. So currently, the poison coursing in Amethar’s body will
not deal him any more damage. You detect other poison as Sir Keradin kneels
down.

Siobhan: (gasps) Son of a bitch!

Brennan: You see, you smell on the wind that same poison in two daggers.

Ally: Okay and then with my bonus action I cast Hunter's Mark on Keradin.

Brennan: Okay, that- There is no deception there-

Ally: I don’t care!

Brennan: You stand up- Hunter's Mark is like you're like calling someone out
as your prey. Liam stands up and does what?

Ally: I say,

Liam: Fuck you carrot, you're going down!

Ally: And I prepare (takes out an arrow) and now all my attacks on him will
also get an extra d6 as well as like a bunch of other stuff.

Brennan: Cool, so you just say “Fuck you, carrot”.

Theobald: Liam, why? Why?

Liam: He is horrible, he's bad, he's trying to definitely kill the king!
Preston?!

Preston: (cute pig noises)

Brennan: Okay, holy shit, that spell! (to the camera) It's always one fucking
spell!

Siobhan: Yes, snitch!

Murph: Wow, I can't believe that! In what other campaign would, like, Detect
Poison be like a super important thing?

Lou: Right?!

Siobhan: You taking that at all is like, alright, okay.

Brennan: I can’t— I’m going to have some fucking coffee!

Lou: Thank God you're a seed guy, Liam. Thank fucking God!

Siobhan: MVP Liam.

Ally: Hell yeah! And I think I also won that last round of archery! Just
saying, just saying!

Brennan: Well, you've solved my little tournament puzzle, haven’t you?

(laughs)

Brennan: Okay, fuck, Liam! Jesus!

Lou: Fuck, Liam! Yeah that's what you get! Wow!

Brennan: Okay. Jet that is your turn.

Emily: I dive after the carrot man and I'm going to attack. Okay, that's a
miss. I'm gonna Action Surge to try and hit again. (rolls dice, everyone
winces) Fuck!

Siobhan: Good Lord.

Emily: I'm emotional!

Ally: Nat 1!?

Siobhan: That last one was a Nat 1.

Brennan: So you rush over here to Keradin, it is a swamp there.

Murph: Just for anyone who's confused in the crowd, I am yelling “poison”.

Brennan: Okay, you're just yelling “poison”?

Theobald: He has poison!

Ally: (imitating the crowd) Poison? Poison!

Brennan: The crowd is fully gasping.

(gasps)

Brennan: There is one dude in the box, who’s like,

Dude in the Box: Now, this is what I call a tournament!

Emily: Can I at least try to like wrestle the bottle out of his hand?

Brennan: Daggers, poison daggers. He's got two poison daggers in his belt.
Fuck! Alright. (smiling, hands together) Ooh, this one stings.

Emily: Well I made up for it by rolling a 3 and then a 1.

Brennan: Cool, Jet. You rush, action surge.

Emily: Do I have, like, anything left in me that I can try and wrestle like
one of these daggers away?

Brennan: Hold on, that's Jet. No, cause you have-

Emily: Reaction, bonus action?

Brennan: If you have a- Your bonus action is dash, disengage or- No.

Siobhan: She doesn’t have it- That’s level two rogue-

Brennan: Yeah, doesn’t have level two rogue. No, you got what you got. Sorry!

Emily: No, that’s fine.

Brennan: Amethar, that's you baby!

Murph: (to Emily) You can Second Wind, right?

Emily: No, I already used my action.

Brennan: (to Lou) You have your hit points, Lapin's gambit.

Lou: So at this point, I have hit points, I cannot talk, but everything else
is...

Brennan: Is good. The poison was like a shock to your system. It has
asphyxiated your throat, but you have a narrow canal to breathe through, which
is why you're not dead.

Lou: And he has no weapon?

Brennan: He dropped his mace.

Siobhan: He has the daggers.

Lou: But he still has a shield?

Brennan: Still has his shield.

Lou: But based on Liam's shouting, do I know that this is the man who hurt me?

Brennan: Um...

Emily: I mean, I just attacked him, your daughter just attacked him too.

Zac: He still has his fucking daggers though, so be careful.

Brennan: Liam has said, he's like, he's dangerous, he's got poison. You know,
he's bad. He's trying to kill the king.

Lou: (mumbling) All I wanna do is to be dumb. (normal) Yeah, I'm gonna take
up, I'm gonna stand up, half my movement. I’m gonna go into a rage.

Brennan: So, Jet, Ruby, Liam all take 2 points of damage?

Lou: Great, and then I'm gonna swing on him.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: That's gonna hit, that's a 25, oh no, 23.

Brennan: That certainly hits.

Lou: Great. And he didn't do damage to me last round, so it's just the 2d6?

Ally: Didn't he do damage to you? Isn’t it why you’re sick?

Emily: No, that was like two rounds ago.

Ally: Oh, gotcha, sorry.

Zac: Whoa, real bad deja vu.

Ally: Really?

(laughs)

Lou: 6 plus 9 for 15.

Brennan: You do 15, you swing your blunted sword and crack him over the head
(mimics action). A little bit of blood comes out of his head as he whips and
turns around, as Liam is shouting you see the expression on his face has
changed into a completely blank soft expression as he looks at you.

Lou: And then, can I use my movement? I can move through my allies.

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: But I would provoke an attack of opportunity.

Brennan: If you leave anyone's threatened area, you will.

Lou: So if I leave, is she— Meat Lady has no weapon.

Brennan: Got no weapons, so she might take a swing at you for, like, a couple
points of damage unarmed, but-

Lou: Is he attacking me with a dagger, a poison dagger?

Brennan: He had a hand out to heal you and it's not his turn yet, so he's
unarmed at the moment.

Lou: Great then I would like to move through Theobald and then Ruby, like, to
that corner.

Brennan: Cool, you move over here, through your allies. Scravoya- Oh actually
she's got 10 feet of reach, which means that you never leave her threatened
area. You like, duck under her arms. There’s one way in 5e in which reach is
actually kinda bad. (singing) Little game tips! So, Amethar, you take a swing
on Keradin, move back, and this dude right here (the Ceresian gladiator) turns
and runs.

(laughs)

Ally: What's up with that guy, though?

Siobhan: Yeah, I think he's suspicious.

Ally: Anyone running.

Siobhan: And what about this guy here?

Brennan: Scravoya is gonna make another Wisdom check. Fucking nat 1, what is
wrong! She's gonna swing out and lash out at Amethar. That is a hit. You take
4 points of damage

Lou: Halved to 2?

Brennan: Halved to 2, and another 4 halved to 2 as she just wails at you with
these huge steak fists.

Jet: Oh my God, Scravoya! Can’t you see that everyone else is- Look, something
else is going on!

Murph: Focus up!

Brennan: Oh, she's focused. She's extremely focused!

Murph: Too focused!

Brennan: Yeah, focus down if anything. Okay, that's Scravoya. In the commotion
these archers stopped, knowing that they'll probably not get awarded anything
if they keep shooting. Lapin, that's gonna be you!

Zac: I understand that it seems like everyone is fighting the Paladin and that
seems like he is probably poisoned. And I met him with the- I met him on the
walk to the food pyramid with the- Alfredi and the Pontifex, correct?

Brennan: Yes, Keradin was- He’s a Paladin of the Bulbian Church, he's a
Vegetanian Knight by birth, but he is not a Paladin of House Cabbage. He is a
Paladin of the Church, he’s like, part of a whole-

Emily: I think he’s under a spell!

Zac: Yeah, can I make an Arcana check to be able to tell if he was under spell
or not?

Brennan: It's not gonna be as good as, like, a Detect Magic spell would be,
but you can make Arcana.

Zac: Okay, is that my turn if I do that?

Brennan: No, that's for free.

Zac: Okay. Ooh, that is 18.

Brennan: If there is magic present here, it's not manifesting in a way that
you can see visibly. That either means there's no magic present or it means
the magic that is present has been carefully disguised, as it would have to
be.

Zac: Okay, can I make a perception check on the Pontifex and Alfredi?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead. You want Perception or Insight?

Zac: Insight, I guess.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Insight. You can give me an Insight check on
the whole table, on the whole box and depending on how well you do, I'll say
every 4 points above 10 is another person that you get to ask a question
about.

Zac: That's a… Oh, well, I got a, 13.

(soft music)

Brennan: So who are you looking at primarily?

Zac: Hmm. I’m looking at the Pontifex.

Brennan: You look at the Pontifex, you see her mouth agape, staring in open
disbelief, unbecoming of- You know, she's like the highest status person
literally within sight and nobody's fucking looking at her except for you. So
she's mouth agape staring in disbelief at what's going on in the melee below.

Zac: I'm going to stay up there and-

Brennan:  She looks a little stunned if I'm being honest.

Zac: Hm. Can I just talk to Alfredi and say,

Lapin: Alfredi, what is going on? What is the Paladin doing?

Brennan: You look at Alfredi, she's covered in wine and screaming at Lord and
Lady Swirlie, so she's fully not focused up on anything other than she's mad
she's covered in wine.

Zac: Okay. Well, I'll just stay up there and continue to look around, ‘cause I
don't know what the fuck is going on.

Brennan: Yeah, let me say, if you look at- With that 14 Insight the Pontifex
looks stunned into inaction, I will say, like, you do you see what I'm saying?

Zac: So this is just- Maybe the plan went wrong?

Brennan: Uh, no, I don’t think—

Emily: I think it's Plumerina!

Brennan: I think that- It’s not like- First of all, you're looking at the back
of her head so you're not getting a great read on her face. What you see is a
woman stunned into inaction. You can't read any deeper motivation. If she's
the secret mastermind behind everything she could be stunned because the plan
is going wrong, if she didn't know what was happening she could be stunned
because a nice melee got turned to a fucking bloodbath and the king got
poisoned. Like there's very good reasons on every end of the spectrum to be
stunned by what's happening here.

Zac: I'm just going to yell,

Lapin: Call off the fight!

Brennan: You see the Pontifex looks, you say that- Go ahead and give me just
Persuasion with advantage.

Zac: Persuasion? It’s 21.

Brennan: The Pontifex whips around to look at you, for a brief moment you have
given a kind of command to one of the most powerful people in the world. She
turns around and says,

Pontifex: (in an intimidating voice) Stop this at once! Sir Keradin, kneel!

Brennan: Keradin uses his reaction to heavily drop to one knee. You- That's
your turn. The horns blow, the fight has stopped. Even Scravoya stands back as
the horns blow.

Siobhan: Are we still in initiative?

Brennan: We still are, ‘cause shit is still happening. Annabelle rushes over
here. (rolls dice) Oh Jesus! She got a 22 on her Athletics! Annabelle leaps,
twists through the air in this acrobatic spiral, slams into Keradin and knocks
him prone on the ground and is on top of him.

Jet: Yeah! You get that boon!

Brennan: As he kneels, she just, like, lands into him, (landing motion) bam!
Slams to the ground.

Jet: Boon's yours, boo!

Brennan: Constano runs into the middle of the archery range, calls to the
Imperial guard and basically just starts barking orders in Ceresian being
like,

Grissini: Arrest anyone fleeing at once! Find them! Arrest them! Don't let
anyone leave without being asked questions!

Brennan: Just goes full cop basically. And after Constano that's Theo.

Murph: Oh boy! I am gonna hold my turn and just kinda watch and see what
happens. Or you know what, just to make sure nothing shiesty happens- Because
Theo's getting flashes of cheese people pretending to be meat people, seeing
this vegetable dude and wondering if this is just a fucking spectacle. So I
wanna go over while those two are wrestling and like, whip up his cape and try
to like pull out the daggers, whatever Liam was yelling about.

Brennan: Okay, great, they are in a grapple, so it's gonna be hard to do, but
he's also grappled, which gives you advantage on him, so we're just gonna say
advantage and disadvantage cancel out. You just gonna have to give me a
Sleight of Hand check.

Murph: Fuck me!

Emily: Yeah, Annabelle could be just putting on a show.

Siobhan: Sprinkle can help!

Murph: Can I have Sprinkle help me?

Brennan: Advantages and disadvantages don't stack. Once you got- If you have
one, no matter how much of the other you have-

Murph: I don't have a great Sleight of Hand, but I'll try it anyway. Fucking
7.

Brennan: Okay, you go like, fumbling around to try to get him. After you,
that's gonna be Ruby.

Siobhan: If I cast a spell that takes an action, it's an obvious spell, right?

Brennan: Unless you do Deception.

Siobhan: What about if it's a bonus action?

Brennan: I will still ask for a Deception roll.

Siobhan: Fuck it, I'm gonna risk it, ‘cause this is crazy. So that's a 17 to
Deception. I would like to cast Hex on the carrot guy, which gives him
disadvantage on- If I were to Sleight of Hand him what ability score from him
would I need to- Is it a Wisdom? Is it a Perception check or would it be a
Dexterity check?

Brennan: So you wanna Hex him?

Siobhan: Yes, which gives him disadvantage on a check.

Brennan: Gotcha, okay, so you Hex him with a bonus action then what are you
trying to do with your action- You’re trying to-

Siobhan: Do what Theo tried to do, is to grab the daggers. So I would like to
have Yak fly in, give me advantage, try and grab the daggers.

Brennan: Okay, so you're gonna have advantage on this roll, we'll say that Hex
gives you advantage. This is Sleight of Hand-

Siobhan: Great, which I have plus 7 to.

Brennan: This is going to be DC 20. You have- But remember, because he's in a
tussle, advantage and disadvantage cancel out, so if it's just a straight
roll, so you gotta get a 13 or higher.

Siobhan: Okay. (suspense music) 13!

(cheering)

Brennan: Oh my God! Ruby slides in underneath Annabelle and whips two poison
daggers.

Ruby: I have them! The poison daggers! The assassin!

Jet: Be careful!

Ruby: (quietly) I'm being careful!

Jet: I’m saying this for yourself, don’t eat anything from them!

Ruby: I'm not going to, why would I do that?

Brennan: You guys see two blades made of- This is the second liquid material
you've seen here, but this is not milk. You see blades of pure water.

Siobhan: Never in this kingdom!

Brennan: You almost never see pure water. This is so deadly, specifically to
sugar. You pull it out. Now a very important roll’s going to happen. A 17 is
good, but it's not great. So we're going to the Box of Doom.

(upbeat music)

Brennan: Plus 5 on Insight, so a 12 or higher is going to do it. (rolls dice,
looks right into the camera, exasperated, then sighs) That's a natural 1.

(cheerful screams)

Murph: Oh my God!

Zac: We're fucking your shit up!

Siobhan: Yeah, fuck you Brennan!

Brennan: (suddenly whips around from putting the Box away to yell) So close! I
was so close!

Siobhan: Ah, two reveals so far, Brennan!

Emily: How does it feel to get your shit fucked up?

Brennan: Incredible! You pull the daggers, that's Ruby. You see Cruller is the
last in the initiative order. He looks at you pulling the poison daggers, does
a little bow to you to disguise the fact that he kicks Keradin in the head
very quickly. You see that Constano already has Imperial Guards rushing for
Keradin right now. Everyone gasps (crowd gasps) as you hold the daggers aloft.
You cast a little divine magic thing. Cruller is gonna move, dash, bonus
action, dash and you see he goes,

Calroy: See to your father!

Brennan: And he sees the fucking escaping gladiator and just (running motion)
starts to gun down after him, like, clears the fucking fence, like not gonna
let the dude get away and we are out of combat!

Murph: Hell yeah!

Ally: Whoa, really?

Brennan: We're out of combat.

Emily: Can I do an Insight check?

Brennan: Keradin is fully disarmed, Ruby is holding the last two weapons he
had. You guys played that- This was a very unorthodox combat and you guys
played every single move that you needed to play to not have the worst happen,
congratulations!

Siobhan: Stop trying to kill my dad!

Murph: Oh my god!

Brennan: Stop having your dad be the king!

Siobhan: Fuck you!

Brennan: Fuck you!

Ally: (to Murph) This next roll would’ve been 2d10 and a d6 damage.

Emily: I said that they were coming after my father. Don’t you remember when I
messaged you and I said that I was worried about my dad in this fight?

Murph: Yeah!

Brennan: The hubbub ends, Scravoya walks away coming out of whatever rage she
was in. Keradin is seized by the Tartguard— He's got a Tartguard on one arm
and an Imperial soldier on the other. He goes limp, he's just staring straight
ahead expressionless. The Pontifex points her finger and says,

Pontifex: Sir Keradin Deeproot, you are under arrest for the attempted murder
of King Amethar of the House of Rocks.

Brennan: You see that Alfredi looks at the king standing up, you see her look
over at you, Lapin, for a moment just to see what you're doing and then looks
back at the events going on. You see Constano there says,

Grissini: By the order of his Imperial Majesty, the Concordant Emperor Gustavo
Uvano, I place you under arrest.

Brennan: And (handcuffs clicking) locks him up in addition to this religious
arrest that the Pontifex has put him under. You see immediately, Alfredi gets
up, walks out of the box, walks over to the corner where Amethar is standing
and heals the poison condition on you.

Amethar: (gasps) Ah!

Ruby: Pops!

Jet: Father!

Siobhan: I rush over and give him a hug.

Brennan: Ruby and Jet, you guys rush over to your dad.

Emily: Actually, before I do that though, I do want to go over to Annabelle
and give her a really deep handshake and, like, get deep in her face and deep
in her eyes and say,

Jet: It was an honor to fight alongside you.

Emily: And then I want to do some kind of like, Insight check into whether or
not she was putting on a show when she went after the carrot guy.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Insight check.

Emily: I wanna make her weak in the knees, so that—

Brennan: If you want to do a Persuasion to give you advantage on the Insight-

Ally: (laughing) Using the word ‘deep’ five times with a lesbian?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Give me a Persuasion, let's see how good you do on this Charisma
check.

Emily: Okay, bad Persuasion.

Brennan: So, just roll a standard Insight check.

Emily: 15!

Brennan: You look at Annabelle, she seems to be going through a lot. A lot is-
You have to believe that this is like the craziest shit that ever- It's like,
this day could have been legendary just for Sir Theobald unhorsing the
daughter of the Concordant Emperor and removing her possibility- You know. So,
you see this is all fucked! But instead of that being-

Murph: It has been like, 30 seconds, the most insane 30 seconds!

Siobhan: Liam’s on the Council—

Ally: Yeah!

Siobhan: Theobald gets to nominate somebody to be King-

Ally: Can I roll a perception with advantage to start speaking like “all of my
time in nature has given me the ability to detect poison” or, you know, just
to start—

Zac: Do people notice that or do we even-

Brennan: Your Deception was not that great when you did your Deception to
disguise that spell. Go ahead- because your Deception wasn't that great that
first time I'll let you roll another Deception with advantage this time.

Ally: Okay. Yeah.

Brennan: Oh sorry, with disadvantage.

Ally: With disadvantage? Okay. Just to kind of start talking about, like-

Siobhan: Can I give him the help action?

Brennan: Yeah, you can cancel out. Just roll one die, this is gonna be your
Deception.

Ruby: Liam is so good at poison, knowing what poisons are!

Theobald: Well done, Liam!

Ally: Bad.

Siobhan: Well, okay. Could have been worse!

Ally: It’s 3.

Emily: If Annabelle was fine, though, was that just the end of it? She’s just-

Brennan: I mean, look- Like, all this crazy- Like, a crazy political event
happened over here (points at where Theo unhorsed Plumbeline), the craziest
political event happened over here (points at where Amethar went down).

Emily: But she seems-

Brennan: And also you, like a fucking long-forgotten memory, announced her
personal shit everywhere. I guess she looks happy that an assassination almost
happened so that everyone forgot that her fucking laundry got aired in front
of the entire kingdom.

Emily: Okay, then I do wanna deeply apologize to her and say,

Jet: I'm sorry, I think I'm more at peace with where I stand than you are and
I misjudged that situation.

(soft music)

Annabelle: Your Highness, your father was just almost killed in front of both
of us. You are young and you've spent your whole life in a kingdom which is
very permissive about most things. I do not fault you for that. I would ask
that in the future, if you respect someone, you will keep their honor by
keeping their business on the other side of your mouth.

Jet: I want you to understand that I actually thought it was really badass
that you did it, so I thought I was speaking your honor when I said that.

Brennan: She thinks for a moment, leans in very close to you, so that her
cheek is almost touching your cheek and whispers into your ear,

Annabelle: I thought it was badass too. I just don't like to talk about it.

Jet: Duly noted. I'm gonna go check on my father.

Brennan: You go check on your dad. Amethar, you've got your two sweet
princesses in front of you.

Amethar: (sighs) Oh!

Ruby: Oh, are you okay?

Amethar: No, I'm not okay!

Ruby: Who's trying to kill you?

Amethar: I don't know!

Ruby: What's going on?!

Amethar: I don't know!

Ruby: Can we fuck them up?

Amethar: No, we all need to slow down, alright? The way that we handle things-
I'm not twenty anymore. We don't just go off fucking half-cocked, alright?

Ruby: No dad, you would have won if they hadn't poisoned you.

Lapin: (suddenly leaning in to join the conversation) Yes, my king!

Amethar: (leaning away from Lapin) What?! What?!

(laughs)

Brennan: Theobald, you see that Grissini walks up. The place is now flooded
with Imperial soldiers. You see, he walks up to you and says,

Grissini: Sir Theobald, do you wish for an escort for your king? We can get
you to a safe house, back to your chambers in the Great Pyramid, wherever you
need to go.

Theobald: Yes, I think before we move the king anywhere, I'd like to-

Murph: Is Calroy- What's the name of the—

Brennan: Cake?

Lou: Cal.

Brennan: Yeah, Cal.

Theobald: I would like for Cal to come back for someone to be with him. I
would like to be part of the investigation on Keradin. I would like to follow
to the dungeons to question him.

Brennan: You see that he nods, you see he looks and says,

Grissini: Very well. It will-

Brennan: You see, by the way, over in the corner— Lapin, you see Alfredi talk
to the Pontifex and point to Liam.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Ally: Fuck.

(upbeat music).

Brennan: The Pontifex walks over and says,

Pontifex: Commander Grissini, Sir Deeproot has soiled the name of the Bulbian
Church. The Church demands justice in this matter. We would see him hanged.

Brennan: You see that Grissini looks and says,

Grissini: Your Holiness, to even address you is an honor beyond words. The
Candians have requested the right to speak to this man who has attempted to
murder their King. I can wait to dispatch the Emperor's justice, but I believe
the Candians wish to speak with him first.

Brennan: You see the Pontifex says,

Pontifex: Very well. Do not pass sentence on this disgraced and fallen Paladin
until the Church has the ability to give him the sentence he deserves.

Brennan: You see Grissini nods, looks a little shaky speaking- He’s, you know-
And the Pontifex leaves with her guardians. You see Basha Myaso leaves,
Senator Ciabatta walks down. You see that Senator Ciabatta actually walks down
over to you, Amethar. You haven't spoken to him, I think, yet. He walks over
and says,

Ciabatta: Your Royal Majesty, are you all right?

Amethar: I'm fine, Senator.

Ciabatta: Unfortunate to see this great day brought so low by such criminals.
You have the deepest loyalties of the Ceresian people and of our Republic.

Brennan: He looks over at you and says,

Ciabatta: The Paladin, Keradin Deeproot- Talk to me if you wish. I do not
believe he acted alone.

Brennan: And that's all he says and he turns around and walks out. He peaces
out, he walks away. You see Calroy walk back. I'm gonna roll a flat Luck check
in the Box of Doom rather than run a battle offscreen with NPCs.

Murph: To see if he kicked his ass?

Lou: (mimics Cal kicking asses)

Siobhan: We just sit here while you silently roll a bunch of dice.

Brennan: Yeah. So we'll say good news is 11 through 20, bad news is 1 through
10. (rolls dice) 12!

Siobhan: Wow, everything's coming up candy!

Brennan: You see- And yeah, he like slowly walks back as you guys are like
wrapped up with the King. And you see that like, all your Tartguard are
forming around you. The other ones have been, like, healed up, so you've got
the full 30 Tartguard. You got a fucking squad right now.

Murph: I feel like we also owe Liam some thanks, I wanna walk over to Liam.

Theobald: You've saved the King's life, we’re in your debt!

Liam: Uhm, okay, I think I used the bad magic. I have a Natural Explorer, I
could just take off running right now and meet up with you guys later?

Theobald: Just stay—

Liam: I have really good stealth when I’m on the run—

Zac: I think I wanna join this conversation.

Brennan: Cruller walks back sort of huffing and puffing and goes,

Calroy: (short of breath) They arrested the runner, the gladiator.

Jet: What about Plumerina?

Brennan: Plumbeline?

Emily: Plumbeline! She ran!

Brennan: You see he says,

Calroy: The Lady of House Uvano? I think she walked off the field after Theo
(laughing) put her on her back in a joust.

Liam: That was awesome!

Ruby: Yep, it ruled.

Jet: I misunderstood.

Theobald: Thank you so much.

Ruby: You did some cool shit today!

Calroy: I mean, there are knights and then there are knights and the Order of
the Knights of North-Gumbia, I think, have put themselves on the map in terms
of international jousting today.

Theobald: Thank you! (fixing his hair) Really though, the King almost died,
so-

Amethar: Yeah, I'd have- That was dope, but we'll talk about it later.

Brennan: You see Calroy looks at you and says,

Calroy: Do we want to follow them to make sure they don't disappear that
carrot paladin?

Theobald: That would be- I think perhaps we could split up, maybe?

Amethar: I feel like I should take the young ones back to our chambers.

Ruby: We will protect you, Pops!

Theobald: What if I bring Liam with me, to make sure that—

Lapin: I will—

Amethar: I think we should— cause I mean, at the end of the day, nobody's
taking Liam anywhere as long as I say so.

Theobald: Okay. Me and the Chancellor, perhaps?

Lapin: Yes, I will join you in the investigation.

Amethar: Nobody will talk to Liam until you return.

Theobald: Alright.

Tartguard: My Lord, you wish to take any of us, the Tartguard, with you?

Theobald: Uhhhm-

Lapin: Maybe all of you go with the King—

(laughs)

Theobald: We’ll take-

Brennan: You see Cruller says,

Calroy: I can accompany you if you want me to.

Amethar: Great, the Tartguard and the young ones—

Theobald: Yeah, we’ll take a few.

Brennan: You see, he puts his arms around both of you and says,

Calroy: We're not... high priority targets, but I don't know, strength in
numbers, someone might be coming for the three of us!

Theobald: Yes, totally!

Brennan: You see that he says,

Calroy: All right, we'll see you back at our quarters in the great pyramid.

Amethar: Great.

Brennan: The three of you guys take off to make sure that they don’t-

Jet: Maybe I should come with you.

Theobald: (shrugging) Would you like to?

Jet: I don't know. No, I should stay and protect you guys. I'm staying with
the magic.

Theobald: I can give you Sprinkle and I can check in on you through the eye
thing.

Brennan: Awesome. So, the kids and King Amethar with the whole Tartguard and
Lady Donetta and Lord and Lady Swirlie, your various servants all head off.

Ally: Coldbottle?

Brennan: Primsy Coldbottle comes over, you see, she is like, shaking, you
know.

Primsy: Is it always that violent here at these great tournaments?

Liam: Ah, I don’t know.

Brennan: You see she says,

Primsy: You did very well, Liam, I saw you, you-

Liam: Ah, thank you!

Primsy: You got right there on the corner of the bull’s eye!

Liam: Yep! So close!

Brennan: You see that she smiles and says,

Primsy: You’re a great champion, I appreciate it!

Liam: Thanks!

Brennan: You see that Annabelle walks over, puts her hand on Primsy’s
shoulder. She hasn't introduced herself really to Amethar yet, she looks at
you-

Lou: Who is this, sorry?

Brennan: Annabelle, this is Annabelle Cheddar. She looks up at you and says,

Annabelle: Your Majesty, I haven’t yet had the honor of your meeting, but I am
Captain Annabelle Cheddar. My father, when he was alive, spoke of you more
highly than any man and I had hoped that the circumstances of our meeting
would be different, but it is an honor to, if even for a moment, have shared a
tournament ground with you.

Amethar: It's an honor to meet you as well. Your father was a great man and
you are a great fighter.

Annabelle: I try, but-

Amethar: I mean, you've won the admiration of my daughters.

Jet: (nodding) You should have seen her thighs out there!

Amethar: Thighs?!

Jet and Ruby: Yeah!

Amethar: Her thighs?!

Annabelle: …Right—

Ruby: Beefy!

Jet: Fearsome!

Annabelle: Look, did we not just talk about the permissive Candian attitudes?

Ruby: It’s a compliment!

Annabelle: It’s either my marital status or my thighs!

Jet: I’m sorry, I thought that your thighs were weapons! I thought it was like
complimenting your sword!

Annabelle: Your Highness, my thighs are weapons.

Amethar: Well, I just died, it was very nice to meet you, I'm sure we'll have
reason to speak again soon!

Annabelle: Your Majesty, an honor, I'm at your service.

Brennan: She escorts Primsy out as Lord Cruller is out doing stuff, she takes
Primsy and some other Dairy Guards nearby and they head back.

Ally: Primsy’s so cute!

Brennan: I’m trying to think if there's anything else. No, yeah, you see
everyone else fucking clears out. Oh yeah, Prince Cabbage walks up to you,
Nezemiah Cabbage, who hasn’t said anything. He walks alongside you as you guys
are walking back to the Great Pyramid of Food and goes,

Prince Cabbage: (blustery, low voice) Terrible, terrible- Dreadful to have
assassins- Sir Keradin—

Siobhan: Can I do an Insight check on this guy?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it!

Emily: What about that cheese guy that Theodore, that, uh—

Siobhan: Oh, I got a 20, not nat.

Brennan: Hold on.

Siobhan: Where were these rolls when I needed them?

Emily: Oh, I know!

Brennan: He looks like he didn't see what happened and someone explained it to
him.

(cast laughs)

Siobhan: Yeah, I didn’t see him in there! Yeah, where was he? He wasn't here,
right? (pointing at the box)

Brennan: This is Prince Cabbage right here (pointing at his mini in a box). He
goes,

Prince Cabbage: Absolutely dreadful for a day of merrymaking to be so spoiled.
I would hate to say- To think that someone would try to orphan your daughters
in front of them and that man would be a Paladin of the Church! Disgrace and
justice shall be done.

Amethar: Your Highness, thank you.

Prince Cabbage: If there is anything at all the proud King of Candia needs,
you shall let the House of Cabbage know. I’m not king—

Amethar: I know!

Prince Cabbage: My father is king.

Amethar: I know, your Highness.

Zac: (pointing at Murph) Are we here?

(laughs)

Brennan: No, you guys take off, you guys head back to the Great Pyramid of
Food. So, Cruller and you two are headed off. You guys arrive at the-

Zac: (pointing at Murph) Can I pull them two aside?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

(somber music)

Zac: And just say,

Lapin: I noticed from the box that it feels as though we could be in a little
bit of trouble with Liam.

Calroy: What do you mean?

Lapin: He may have been found out for his actions.

Calroy: Oh, dear. Well, Liam is not the princess of a nation of the Concord.
Liam is the son of a Duke in open rebellion. If they come for Liam, I don't
know how much- Certainly none of us and I don't even know how much His Majesty
the King will be able to do.

Theobald: What if Liam were a knight?

Calroy: Isn't there a whole three-day vigil that has to happen and a bunch of
tests and oaths of fealty and—

Theobald: I'm the Lord Commander of the king's guard and Liam just saved the
king's life! I didn't do it. You didn't do it. Lapin didn't do it.

Calroy: Listen, I don't know how any of this stuff works. If you can find some
loophole in your book of knight laws to make Liam a knight of the Bulbian
Church. If they- Listen Theobald, if there's a way that you can pull this out
of your helmet, then that's great.

Theobald: What is the other option? Just get Liam out of town?

Lapin: At the very least, I feel like I can try to talk to them.

Calroy: Do you think you- Do you have the ear of anyone important in the
Church? Can you- I mean, I know you're a Primogen, but can you- You would need
the Pontifex herself to be able to-

Lapin: I have- I'm not saying it's likely that she will help us, but there is
a chance that I could help with that?

Calroy: Well, it sounds like between the three of us we have-

Lapin: Oh, this is fucked!

Brennan: (laughs) He says,

Calroy: It sounds like between the three of us we have (pointing at Theo and
Lapin) two chances, so that works, if you want to try that. And maybe I'll be
option three of just disappearing in the night and getting Liam back to
Candia.

Theobald: I think that's a good idea.

Calroy: Alright, let's go interrogate this murderer.

Brennan: You see, you guys get to an Imperial Garrison, Commander Grissini is
there and you see Keradin Deeproot has been chained and shackled. He's sitting
in a dungeon, just a straight up dungeon, like bars in the windows, stone.
He's still on his armor and cape, he’s been disarmed at the tourney and he's
shackled, hands and feet but they're not like- He's not up like this (mimics a
person with their arms chained above them). He's sitting with his knees up
against his chest, against the wall.

Theobald: Can you get a read on him?

Lapin: I will-

Murph: Can I give a help action? Do you how- What's your Perception? I only
have plus 3 Perception, plus 3 Insight.

Zac: Plus 5 Insight.

Murph: Okay. So I'll give you help.

Zac: And can I just make an Insight, yeah, just an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it!

Zac: Nat 20.

(cheering)

Ally: Yes! There it is, the narrative nat 20!

Zac: Spinning my Lollistaff (spinning motions).

Brennan: Actually, as you approach in a way that no one else can see, the
Lollistaff spins a little bit. Sir Keradin looks up at you. On a nat 20— Well,
first of all, what are you trying to glean? I'll give you more on a nat 20.

Zac: I want to know if he is— Had, like— I wanna know if he knows what he was
doing. I wanna know if it feels like- I'm sure he was working for someone, but
I wanna know who it feels like he’s working- I would love to find out more
about who he is close to, who, you know-

Murph: Does he feel betrayed by the- Like, does it feel like he was working
with the Pontifex?

Zac: Yes.

Murph: Was there a spell on him?

(dramatic music)

Brennan: On a nat 20, you look into this guy's eyes. You've never seen someone
make eye contact and remain vacant before. You see such a profound faith in
this man's eyes that you know he is immune to being mind controlled.

Zac: Do I know if he- He is Paladin of the Bulb, he is it a part of the
Church. What, who is he in contact with on the day-to-day?

Brennan: You know in the day-to-day, he is a of a Holy Order in-

Zac: Like, of the people I met, were they in all in the same city or? Like,
did they all come from the same place?

Brennan: No, Alfredi is from Pangranos. She's a Ceresian Primogen and you
would know that the people he's closest with- Like, Prince Nezemiah came all
the way from Greenhold, which is far to the East. Sir Keradin, you would know
from just your court shenanigans, he serves in Brightgarden and he serves in
the Holy City of Brightgarden, which is the center of the Bulbian Church, like
the Holy City of the Bulbian Church.

Zac: So that’s where the Pontifex is-

Brennan: Where the Pontifex is from. You sense that this man has never been
mind controlled, has always followed orders, has never even maybe acted on his
own and is loyal above all else to the Church.

Zac: I'm going to signal for you to leave (pointing at Murph). Give me a—

Murph: I can Message you to- So we can speak quietly.

Zac: (nods)

Lapin: Leave me alone with the prisoner.

Murph: I go-

Brennan: You see that Commander Grissini says,

Grissini: I am afraid we cannot allow the prisoner to be left here. Your King
was just attempted to be assassinated-

Lapin: You can just step outside- Can you just step outside for a moment?

Grissini: I can not step outside for a moment, I'm afraid.

Brennan: You see, he says,

Grissini: If you, nobody would blame you if you slit this man's throat and I
cannot allow that to happen, I've been ordered by the Hierophant Rex of the
Bulbian Church to make sure that justice is dispatched by the Church in this
instance.

Lapin: I am of the Church- I’m a Primogen of the Church. You will not allow me
to have a conversation? Are you saying that I am a liar and that I will— a man
of my faith will kill this prisoner?

Brennan: The room emanates with the status that Lapin suddenly commands,
Grissini bows and says,

Grissini: I am deeply sorry, Your Grace. Leave the Chancellor and Primogen to
his business.

Brennan: And clears the room.

Murph: Sweet, I'll walk out with him and keep an eye on him.

Zac: Okay, I’m going to- As they leave, I come up to the shackles and start to
try to pretend like I'm unshackling him and say,

Lapin: We do not have much time, where are you supposed to meet them?

Zac: As a Deception roll.

Brennan: Okay, you're trying to deceit, gotcha. Go ahead and give me a
Deception roll, if you're actively going to free him, I'm going to say roll
with advantage.

Zac: Okay. I don't have any tools to free him.

Brennan: You're just like going for the chains or whatever?

Zac: Yes, yeah.

Brennan: Still roll with advantage.

(intense music)

Zac: Deception?

Brennan: Yup.

Zac: 25.

Siobhan: Fuck yes!

Brennan: I'm gonna roll his Insight. That's a natural 3.

Murph: Wow!

Brennan: You see, he says,

Keradin: There was no plan, Your Grace. I was supposed to execute the King. I
was supposed to move, but I couldn't get to him in time. He moved out of the
way, the blade didn't find its purchase. I was supposed to simply walk away
and let him die on the field.

Lapin: Okay. There's still time for me to do this. Where could I find another
blade like this? Who can I trust to help me with this action?

Brennan: You see, he looks at you and says,

Keradin: I know not where blades of water can be made. I only know that the
Primogen Alfredi can- If she was able to give me three, she can certainly give
you more.

Lapin: Great.

Zac: I… (laughs) I just slap him in the face.

(uproar and laughter)

Ally: You slap a carrot?

Zac: I’m a fucking bunny, bitch!

Brennan: A chocolate rabbit- A chocolate- Wait, a rabbit slapping a carrot!

Siobhan: It’s an Easter surprise!

Lou: Wow, wow, wow!

Ally: You should just eat him!

Emily: Primogen Alfredi? Cheese? Creamy?

Siobhan: No, she's pasta!

Emily: Pasta with cream sauce!

Brennan: Cool! You slap him in the face, do you walk out of the dungeon at
that point?

Zac: I walk over to the guards and tell them to go back in.

Brennan: They go,

Guards: Oh, you were in there for-

Zac: I tell them to arrest Primogen Alfredi!

(epic battle music)

Brennan: Holy shit! They look at you and they say,

Guards: On what grounds?

Lapin: He just told me that that's where he got the daggers. Move now or we
will lose our advantage.

Brennan: (shocked) Commander Grissini looks— I'm gonna need a flat Persuasion.

Lou: (quietly) Fucking nat 20s.

Murph: I wanna give him the help action by being like,

Theobald: You already lost your honor, this is how you get it back!

Brennan: Give me the roll with advantage. I'm gonna say DC 20 Persuasion.

Zac: Persuasion?

Brennan: Yep!

Zac: 22.

(cast cheering)

Brennan: You see that he shakes. This is a Ceresian soldier you're talking to.
He looks at two men that just saved their king, although he doesn't know that
one saved his king (pointing at Lapin) and he says,

Grissini: We are honor bound by guests of the Concordant Emperor to honor this
request. Men, find and arrest Primogen Alfredi of Ceresia.

Brennan: And about 40 fucking soldiers march out of the garrison. You see
Keradin looks— you have never seen Keradin be anything other than calm. He
looks at you and you see he goes,

Keradin: (shouting) Apostate!

Brennan: And starts to slam against the chains (mimics the motion) just like a
fucking brute.

Zac: I whisper to him,

Lapin: Where is your Bulb now?

(laughs and cheering)

Brennan: Oh my God!

Ally: Yeees!

Siobhan: Oh God!

Ally: Oh, fuck!

Brennan: And that's it for this week on A Crown of Candy!

Lou: Lapin! Lapin!

Siobhan: Oh my God.

Emily: Wow!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 5: Lapin’s Big
Day](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRk9VzEu7vMzhp7zKIHUoajaWlks_rLZMiDR-
RI0LJVzVf340kt0MKnBLZYDXUw-
O_k4xVtOv1vO1yb/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647621211321&usg=AOvVaw34D3EBsznN7biiZKi4jE4_)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

Amethar: We are at war.

Annabelle: (to Liam) There's something very deeply wrong with you.

Liam: What?!

Gustavo Uvano: (to Theobald) Name someone you wish for me to consider.

Theobald sighs.

Pontifex: (to Lapin) Do you think their belief will stand? (slap motion and
sound) Are you a Candian or a priest of the Bulbian Church?

Brennan: Drops down, leaps up and slits his throat, and he falls to the ground
dead.

Emily: Just taking a walk to shit outside.

Siobhan: What?

(laughs)

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by dndstan, Kyber Bonsai, gluegunshots, kindlespark, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxlzSiYC8kQ0cN29EZ3UvtzzVoouf5xXiIGjWOWqe7V19ayYx5KGSB_boO_o3KKA1hId2gQi6bD_wNtu4E:0)

Episode 5: Lapin's Big Day

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; and Zac Oyama as Chancellor Lapin Cadbury

Episode 5: Lapin’s Big Day

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSrtL_l-2ZFNw-
rwEkK-
qsWlsopaZHsQPnAndx20Xeds-3FgWogpm4AFsPjwMsYqFef7c9WcJsdNn3t/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647622593309&usg=AOvVaw11aiWCNNgytP2dXYg3BQpq)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRSekQhblNWc_5UC9b5L5RXoQlS4uXy4drV0Mwe859llRmuxLXk88jLCFduLrt0DL1DTuK7EiywI-
Mq/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647622593649&usg=AOvVaw2q7NSvhLI1_VuLLhgp-
leK)] >

Brennan: Welcome, one and all, to another exciting episode of A Crown of
Candy. I'm your humble dungeon master Brennan Lee Mulligan, with me as always
are our intrepid heroes, say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Siobhan: I don't think you're that humble.

Ally: Oh!

Zac: Wow!

Ally: And then Ruby died in a storytelling episode.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Last we left our wonderful sweet candy heroes, they were in the
capital city of Comida, the seat of the Concordant Empire atop the Great
Pyramid of Food. And there had been a grand tournament, and an attempt on the
life of King Amethar. A poison dagger, (to Siobhan) by the way, you should add
those two poison daggers to your inventory.

Siobhan: Ooh, oh hell yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, you didn't give them to anybody.

Emily: Fuck yeah.

Siobhan: Inventory?

Brennan: Water steel daggers, particularly poisonous to Candians. Dissolves
the very substance of their bodies.

Siobhan: I give one of them to Jet.

Emily: Sweet.

Brennan: Sir Keradin Deeproot, paladin of the Bulbian Church, attempted to
murder King Amethar, and but for some extremely quick thinking on King
Amethar’s part to simply disqualify himself from the match, some very discreet
warlock magic from Chancellor Lapin, some less-discreet Candian druidic magic
from the Count of Freezyberg himself, Liam Wilhelmina.

Ally: I'm in trouble.

Brennan: And a quick arrest of Sir Keradin, our heroes found him arrested, the
Pontifex sentenced him to be hanged, he was brought to the imperial garrison
where he was quickly questioned by Lapin and Sir Theobald. Lapin got some
pretty huge information out of Sir Keradin, discovering that the water steel
daggers were given to Sir Keradin by (Italian accent) Primogen Fettucina
Alfredi.

Ally: I didn't trust her. She was always laying down in her mini.

Brennan: There you go.

Ally: Can't even stand.

Siobhan: Too loose.

Lou: You can tell so much from the mini.

Ally: You can tell so much from the mini.

Emily: I thought she just seemed really pretty and elegant.

Ally: Really chill.

Brennan: However, we are going to begin our session amidst the slippered feet
of the Tartguard, walking back up the hill to the top of Comida and the Great
Pyramid of Food with King Amethar, his twin daughters, and his cousin Liam. As
you guys are walking, what occupies your mind, returning from this botched
grand tournament?

Emily: I think I wanna be within five feet of both Ruby and Liam.

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Emily: And my dad. I think I'm just trying to be like a focal point in between
all of them, because I'm worried about all three.

Siobhan: I'm like looking for exits, I'm just doing that thing where I'm just
clocking, like oh, this is the secret door where the servants go through, this
is a rooftop that we could scramble over.

Ally: I'd like to talk to Amethar.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. A deep raspberry glow in the sky as the sun lowers
in the west over the Bay of Pulp. The smell of fruit goes over Comida. Your
paranoia, Ruby, has caused Yak to take off from your shoulder, and he circles
the city overhead, his butterscotch eyes peeled for any threat of danger. You
both walk side by side with each other. Ruby and Jet have double leveled up
once more. Having fought side by side with Annabelle Cheddar, the Captain of
the Dairy Islands, and having successfully jumped into the defense of your
father, you feel a certainty in your step and a stride, you've been so tricky
your whole adolescence, and suddenly you are in a place where it doesn't feel
like tricks are going to cut it anymore, and you find your hand just drifting,
almost without thought to just rest comfortably on the basket hilt of your
aunt's magical sword.

Jet: Ruby, do I look so badass right now?

Ruby: Dude, you have no idea.

Jet: Ruby, I think I'm gonna take the throne.

Ruby: Shut up. That's really cool.

Jet: Thank you.

Ruby: I really think it's cool, and I think you're gonna do a great job.

Jet: I was thinking maybe like I could be king and you could be queen.

Ruby: That's not how it works, and that's really incesty.

Jet: Okay, I'll keep—

Ruby: You should've paid a little bit more attention in class. I know it's
boring.

Jet: Okay, but we could redefine what king and queen means. A king and a queen
is just about having a connection. You cannot argue, we have a deeper
connection—

Ruby: Right, but can I get married?

Jet: Yeah, you can get married.

Liam: You can have a really deep connection without sex. Sorry, hi.

Ruby: Hi, Liam.

Jet: Liam, do you wanna be... something in my court?

Liam: Yeah, definitely.

Ruby: Okay.

Brennan: So less than 30 minutes after declaring to all of the assembled
dignitaries of the six kingdoms that she would neither marry nor take the
throne, Princess Jet has pulled a hard 180.

Emily: No, I said I wouldn't marry.

Brennan: Oh, that's correct, you said you wouldn't marry.

Emily: I said I wouldn't marry, and then I thought about it, and I thought,
well, if I'm the king, then I can just decide what the customs are, and so I
don't have to get married, and I don't have to produce an heir.

Brennan: You two walk side by side. As you are filled with that certainty,
Ruby, you look over, as you're looking around, you and Liam also talking to
each other. The martial certainty that fills Jet is not what fills you two.
Your eyes begin to dart around, Ruby, you've always had sharp vision, which is
what drew you to archery in the first place. And Liam, you begin to feel not
sight but other senses reach out, something deep in the ground, as though
spirits of the earth are talking to you. You've always had a keen ear. It's
never been interesting to you what people say or talk about when there's
birdsong to listen to, what the wind is doing, trees and leaves, and there's
so much the natural world is trying to tell you. And you guys feel, in this
place where magic is feared and hated, a welling up of the Candian magic
within you. Ruby, you look to a window for a moment, and passing the window,
you see a swirl of sparkling indigo cloak and smiling eyes that you saw in
inky blackness when you fell atop the wagon on the Sucrosi Road.

Ruby: Shh.

Brennan: As you stop for a moment, your aunt smiles at you from the reflection
in the glass, and stepping from the inky blackness behind her, you see a tall,
warm chocolate-armored woman with a rapier at her side, who elbows the
reflection of the archmage, smiles looking at Jet, the two of them vanish.

Ruby: Did you see that?

Jet: Hmm? Oh, did you not hear me? I was just talking about some initiatives I
was thinking about for when I was king.

Ruby: Oh, cool, yeah, no, sorry, I was... Yeah. Great, good.

Jet: What did you see?

Ruby: It's nothing, I just thought that I saw something out of the corner of
my eye, but.

Jet: Cool. So anyways, yeah.

Brennan: King Amethar, you are… How many hit points are you at right now?

Lou: 9.

Brennan: You're at 9. When you watch your father once again, bloodied and
covered in scars, sort of bandaged, but the bandages seep, and you can smell
the deep, syrupy purple-pink smell of the candy blood of your father, the
king. You look down and you still see that like, fruit cork binding on the
edge of Payment Day as you walk.

Lou: Ah, I think I crack it off and continue to walk in silence with Payment
Day at my side, just a little bit straighter.

Brennan: A sense of martial readiness returns to you. The attack on the road
was a mystery, and what happened in the tournament is a mystery as well, but
one with fewer answers than the attack on the road, and kind of wild,
aggressive instinct returns to you from many long years since you have needed
its use. Liam, you wanted to say something to Amethar.

Ally: Yeah.

Liam: So, do you think I'm in trouble? How obvious was it? I know you were in
the middle of dying.

Amethar: I was in the middle of dying. I don't know how obvious it was.

Liam: Okay.

Amethar: But Liam?

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Amethar: You saved my life. And whatever happens, we will deal with it.

Ruby: And Liam's on the council now.

Jet: Yeah, you are currently on the council of the Empire, and you've got both
the king and the future king on your side.

Liam: Mmm. Two kings.

Amethar: I don't think you should bet on being on the council. I'm not sure
the tournament will be considered valid in any way.

Ruby: But that's so unfair, he won.

Amethar: I mean, it ended early, you know.

Ruby: Right.

Amethar: Because I got stabbed by poison.

Ruby: They should give you the boon, because you got stabbed by poison.

Amethar: That's very sweet of you, but that's not it.

Ruby: They cheated.

Liam: I just remember looking up in the stands and seeing everybody look at me
like I was evil.

Jet: Liam, I'm going to be honest, I think there was a vibe against you.

Amethar: There was definitely a vibe.

Liam: They hated me, right? I knew, see, I can tell when people hate me.

Jet: It wasn't personal.

Amethar: Liam, it's the same thing that we talked about, the rope, but what
you did, you had to do.

Liam: Yeah, right?

Amethar: You had to do it. And I'm glad that you did it, and you shouldn't
feel bad about doing it, and whatever comes from it, we will handle. You're
not going anywhere unless you want to.

Liam: Okay. Cool.

Jet: Not to mention, when I'm King of Candia, magic will be perfectly legal.
It will flow from the faucets.

Ruby: Yes.

Jet: I'm gonna open a kindergarten.

Murph cracks up.

Liam: Cool!

Ruby: Just one kindergarten?

Liam: You're gonna open one kindergarten for all of Candia? You're gonna be
the best king ever.

Emily tries to speak through her laughter.

Amethar: We don't have kindergarten right now.

Liam: I know.

Ruby: That is a huge improvement.

Liam: That'd be huge.

Jet: You have start them young.

Amethar: Yeah, we only start at first grade right now, so if we started at
kindergarten, that would be impressive.

Jet: But specifically a magic kindergarten.

Ruby: Yeah, Kinder Egg garden.

Liam: Oh! That's big news.

Siobhan: We're not allowed to say brand names, but.

Liam: That's cool. Okay, good, 'cause honestly, everyone was like, looking at
me, and everyone was kinda whispering, and people started running, and I
almost started running. Do you think we should pick like, I don't know, like a
meet-up spot or something, if I ever have to run, that I can meet up with you
guys?

Jet: Well, you'll always be safe in Candia, that is for certain. But--

Amethar: I would say for now, if you need to run, trust that we can find you.
I mean, Cal is an incredible tracker, we have things at our disposal that we
will find you. But as far as I'm concerned, there's no need to run, because
nothing's going to happen to you.

Liam: If you ever-

Jet: We could also open like a PO box.

Liam: Yeah, we could do that, and then we could send each other letters.

Ruby: That's another thing that you should do as king, you should have a
postal system.

Jet: Centralized postal system.

Liam: How about we say this. If you can't find me and you find some like
bloomed flowers tacked to some trees, that will lead you in the wrong
direction.

Ruby: Oh, a twist.

Jet: Okay.

Amethar: Great, that makes sense, because that's what people will think.

Liam: Totally.

Jet: Yeah.

Liam: They see peppermint flowers, I mean, come on, they're looking for the
peppermint boy, I mean, come on.

Amethar: Perfect. Very smart.

Liam: I'll be in one of the other 364 possible directions to look for me.

Amethar: I like that.

Zac: 364?

Brennan: You see, you guys arrive—

Ally: 359, I'm so sorry.

Brennan: You guys arrive back at your quarters in the Great Pyramid of Food.
The Tartguard takes their positions, you are surrounded by, so the Tartguard
are protecting your quarters and then outside of that are Imperial Guard. You
see that more Imperial Guard show up as well, and Sir Morris Brie actually
comes with a contingent of Dairy islanders, and asks for a brief audience with
the king.

Lou: I grant it.

Brennan: He comes in and says,

Morris: Sir, sorry, we weren't at the tournament. We heard about the attempt
on your life. If you wish for us to stand guard on the quarters, we would be
honored to do so.

Amethar: There's no need. We have what we need, between the Imperial Guard and
the Candians. You keep an eye on the Lady Coldbottle.

Brennan: He nods and says,

Morris: The duchess's safety is of course first priority.

Brennan: You see that Manta Ray looks up, and he for once isn't like joking.
He looks over at you and says,

Manta Ray: Right, there, well, I'll say this. I'm not a man who likes to take
the Bulb's judgment into his own name, but if there is any justice granted by
the Bulb above, then it'll send that carrot to the deepest pit of the Hungry
One's stomach, and that's for certain. (spits)

Brennan: Spits.

Ruby: Yeah!

Brennan: He salutes you, and they take off. You guys are just back in your
quarters right now.

Siobhan: I wanna check out the window situation, like I wanna see--

Liam: Oh, Preston can set a bunch of alarms.

Emily: That's what I was gonna say, I was gonna do a bunch of booby traps.

Liam: Okay, Preston, we need to make this place safe.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: Preston goes into a corner and wiggles, and sneezes a bunch of
peppermint dust, and just starts doing that in the various corners of the
room.

Siobhan: Right.

Liam: Trust his process.

Siobhan: I also have a bunch of ball bearings and oil, and I'd like to set
some traps.

Emily: I think we're doing Home Alone style.

Ally: Home Alone style? I have a bunch of micro-machines, and they're
peppermint.

Lou: I'd like to send a Tartguard to find Cal, Lapin, and Theobald as soon as
possible.

Siobhan: Okay, watch out for my ball bearings.

Brennan: A tart, you guys are, so we'll cut back to you guys outside of the
dungeon. What do you guys do outside, you say that Cal looks, as you pull this
move, Cal really looks at you, and you can see a look of like, “I haven't seen
this fuckin' crusty rabbit bust a move yet.” He goes,

Calroy: Very well done, Chancellor.

Lapin: Thank you.

Zac: So the guard has gone to, as we understand, arrest—

Brennan: Oh, there's plenty, this is an imperial garrison, there's like 100
soldiers left to like, guard Sir Keradin's cell, fucking, man the battlements,
and Grissini just took 40 dudes and himself to go arrest the Primogen.

Zac: [to Murph] Should we join the-- Should we join the arrest or should we
get back?

Murph: I think we should join the arrest. I could inhabit Sprinkle for a
second, and maybe try to send a message to them?

Zac: Sounds good to me.

Murph: Cool.

Emily: I'm laying out a saucer for Sprinkle.

Murph: I say- Actually, could I like, I know I can, oh, it's only if it's
within 100 feet of me. So he's very far away. But always obeys your commands.
Yeah, okay. Sprinkle's just hanging out. (laughs)

Brennan: Sprinkle looks at the saucer you laid out for him and goes,
(babbling), inchworms up the side of the bed, goes up onto the bed post, and
does a full like wrestling dive to like, piledrive the saucer, it shatters and
he just rolls around twitching in the milk.

Jet: No foe too small for this one.

Theobald: I tried, it didn't go well. I have a headache now.

(cast laughing)

Lapin: You okay?

Brennan: Cool, you fall in line with those. You see, Grissini nods, and go
ahead and make an Insight check, you guys, if you would like.

Murph: Okay. Jesus Christ. 6, 7.

Zac: 11.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: Okay. You see that Grissini looks over at you, Lapin, and says,

Grissini: Primogen Lapin. I will pronounce sentence, but if you could lend the
authority of the church, it will make this process much easier.

Lapin: I think I should go with them. Do you wanna join me?

Theobald: Yeah, I'll come along.

Brennan: You see that Cal looks over and says,

Calroy: Hmm, maybe three Candians with the Imperial Guard is too many, it
sends a message that we are pulling more favor than we should, in an equal
concord.

Theobald: Should you or I go to the king, or should both of us?

Brennan: You see that the Tartguard comes at that point to collect Calroy
anyway, and he says,

Calroy: Well, that's our decision made. Best of luck, I'll see you. Don’t-
This feels insanely paranoid, if you're not back in a certain amount of time,
how much time before we come look for you?

Theobald: I would say if we haven't contacted you in the next hour or two,
come look for us, yeah.

Calroy: All right.

Brennan: He heads off with the Tartguard, you guys head off with the Imperial
Guard.

Theobald: Oh, maybe have Ruby send her bird towards where we would be—

Brennan: You see he says, as he speaks in fluent Ceresian to Commander
Grissini, Grissini talks back, he nods and says,

Calroy: Good, well, you'll at least have some eyes in the sky.

Zac: Before Calroy leaves, I wanna ask him, or talk to him real fast, but,

Lapin: I don't trust a lot that is happening here. I think it would be wise if
we figured out, if we explored our options in the routes of a boat.

Calroy: Ah, well, as luck would have it, the people that seem to like us the
most have a great deal of boats. I will get right on that, I think that is
very prudent. I want to say, with the tournament's conclusion and the fact
that they will be honoring the results, it seems, we may have a Concordant
Emperor as early as tomorrow morning. So we'll either need a boat or we will
need to resize the Concordant Throne to fit our liege lord's impressive frame.
So let's keep our fingers crossed for the latter, shall we? All right.

Brennan: You guys head off with the Imperial Guard marching. They head up this
big highway, Calroy takes off with the Tartguard. You guys arrive at the Great
Pyramid of Food. Constano talks to a couple of the Imperial Guard, he doesn't
meet anyone that outranks, actually, I'm just gonna do a flat luck check. No,
he meets nobody that outranks him. He moves to the Great Pyramid, and he
arrives in sort of a central grotto in the base of the Great Pyramid of Food
that is lit with beautiful sort of olive-smelling torchlight, you see huge
sheaves of grain everywhere. In this grotto you see that the Primogen, with
her glowing eyes, is lounging in a corner, and you see seated across from her,
with this huge entourage of non-imperial Ceresian military, so actual Ceresian
loyalist military. There's a lot of Ceresian military here, and there's a
little moment of tension, you realize, as you're looking at Ceresian Imperial
Army with then Ceresian loyalists in this room. Or not loyalists, but national
Ceresian military. They walk in, and everyone sort of looks up. Across from
the Primogen is Senator Ciabatta, big red loaf guy. He looks up, stands up,
and says,

Ciabatta: Lord Commander Grissini. To what do we owe the pleasure?

Brennan: Grissini, whatever expression on his face is completely blank, he
just slams the butt of his spear twice into the ground and says,

Grissini: By the order of his imperial majesty, Gustavo Uvano, first of his
name, Emperor of the Concord, I pronounce you, Primogen Fettucina Alfredi,
under arrest by the authority of the emperor.

Brennan: He looks to you.

Lapin: And my authority as Primogen of the Bulbian Church.

Brennan: She stands up. She doesn't look fuckin' shook for a moment until you
talk. She looks around and says,

Alfredi: What is the meaning of this? I am a Primogen of the church. You
forget yourself, Chancellor Lapin.

Lapin: You forget the Bulbian faith. We have found you out, we know you made
the daggers.

Brennan: Huge gasp all across the room. She says,

Alfredi: He is lying to you, this is not the truth. He speaks in falsehoods.

Brennan: There's a tense moment, and I think maybe you guys are reminded of
stuff that Calroy talked about when he was talking about politics, and he was
saying like, it's all just a bunch of lies we're all pretending is true, and
you look at all of these legal relationships, but then you also see what is
really in front of you, which is a room full of people with weapons and maybe
magic. Senator Ciabatta looks at Primogen Alfredi, he looks at you. (Brennan
makes a roll behind the table) Senator Ciabatta regards you. (slurps a drink,
then shrugs) Takes one step back, and you see Grissini's men advance, Alfredi
attempts to make a fuckin' run for it, and they jump, grab her, the second
they put hands on her, she just stops and just squares up and goes silent, and
just keeps her face turned to you, you can't see, you know, she has no pupils
to direct her vision, keeps her head tilted towards you as she's walked out of
the pyramid.

Zac: I bow to the senator and say,

Lapin: Thank you for understanding. I appreciate your decision-making in this
difficult time.

Brennan: He raises a glass and says,

Ciabatta: I owe you my thanks, Primogen, I was trapped in a very boring
conversation.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see, he looks at the two of you, Grissini goes to take his men.
Are you going to accompany Grissini back with Alfredi, or are you gonna- It
looks like the senator actually, he has actually this very friendly body
language to you, and is kind of looking to wait for Grissini and the Imperials
to leave, it looks like. Almost like, he has that thing of like, “are we out
of earshot, are we out earshot?”

Murph: Cool, maybe I'll go back and just make sure nobody makes a run for it
or anything?

Zac: You'll accompany them to--

Murph: I'll go back with them, and then I'll join you back at the quarters.

Zac: Okay, yeah.

Brennan: Awesome. So you head out. You see Senator Ciabatta looks at you and
says,

Ciabatta: It is a very bold move to come into this place, the grotto of the
Ceresian Senate, and arrest our Primogen in front of us. It is a type of
bravery that I find is severely lacking in my homeland. I wish more of our
church and senate officials had your same bravado.

Lapin: I don't find it brave on my end. I feel as though I'm just following
the steps laid out by the great Bulb itself.

Ciabatta: Ah yes, may all of our steps be guided by the Bulb.

Brennan: He says,

Ciabatta: Tell me if you are free and wish to take a walk with me out on the
ramparts. I find the sunsets here in Comida are que bella, most beautiful. The
Pulp Bay, the way that the juice reflects the light of the Bulb, it is—

Lapin: Yes, the juice of the bay is quite stunning.

Ciabatta: Yes. On a hot day, you can really smell it, you know? I went out
there on the middle of Highbright one year when I was here, and I tell you,
(laughs) it was like chunky.

Lapin: Yes. (fake laughs)

Ciabatta: I went for a swim and got stuck, you know?

Lapin: Oh.

Ciabatta: Yes.

Brennan: He goes off to take a walk. You see some like soldiers fall in behind
him. He shoots a little look over at some of the other senators, who kind of,
give me an Insight check, actually.

Zac: Nat 1.

Siobhan: (quietly) Bad time.

Brennan: Cool. You take a walk, what was that, Siobhan?

Siobhan: It's a bad time to roll a nat 1.

Brennan: He takes a walk with you out on the ramparts and just goes,

Ciabatta: I must say, I am a little bit bashful. The might of Ceresia is
second to none, and yet nobody tried to attack us on the road, or kill us in
the middle of a grand tournament. It almost feels like hurtful to our
feelings, no?

Lapin: Well, I do not envy the strength of Ceresia. How well do you know
Alfredi?

Ciabatta: [slowly] I know Alfredi more than I would like, and I would say that
most that know her know her more than they would like.

Lapin: Hmm.

Ciabatta: [quietly] She's going to be in the prison for at least this evening
before the Pontifex can see her moved to a religious prison, correct?

Lapin: I would believe so.

Ciabatta: I have spoken already to our king with my suspicions that at the
tournament, Sir Keradin Deeproot of Vegetania did not act alone. Your careful
work, whatever it was, where I could not see has proven my suspicion accurate.
If you wished to accompany me tonight, I think there are some mysteries we
could solve together about our good friend, the Primogen Alfredi, who I do not
think is exactly as she seems.

Zac: I think Lapin considers this, and how packed this day has been.

(Ally and Emily laughing)

Murph: Just a big day.

Emily: Just tell him you had a really long day.

Siobhan: Lapin's big day.

Ally: Lapin's big day!

Lapin: I would appreciate that. We've been in a number of situations with very
few answers lately, and to find some would be...

Ciabatta: In a city like Comida, the questions are many and the answers few.
When an opportunity comes to strike, it's important to strike quick. I will
send message to you by secret channels. We can meet... This little expedition
I have planned cannot be conducted as a matter of state, you understand?

Lapin: Hmm.

Ciabatta: This would be, uh, a little bit of leg work.

Zac: I'm gonna use, well, can I use Illusory Script?

Brennan: Yeah, right now?

Zac: Yes. I want to just write a, umm...

Lapin: Please forgive me for being overly cautious in this moment, but I would
love for whoever comes to find me to hand me this note.

Zac: And I write on it, and then with Illusory Script, write "for Candia," so
that you, without having this, you wouldn't be able to read it, right?

Brennan: Yes, that's correct.

Zac: Okay. And so that would be invisible. So to the naked eye, I'll just
write "Lapin" on it.

Brennan: You see he nods. He says,

Ciabatta: This will be your mark. I will deliver it. Bring as many of your
cohort as you wish, although I would say bring those who can keep a low
profile. I will be coming by myself.

Lapin: Wow.

Brennan: He smiles and says,

Ciabatta: Oh, you must understand, I'm not afraid of the thugs and criminals
that populate the back alleys of Comida.

Zac: Can I get an Insight check on him?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Insight check.

Zac: This dude just rule? Is that what's going on? 19.

Murph: Sometimes people just rule.

Brennan: Dude's got a lot of fuckin' swagger. Give me a History check, too.

Zac: Ooh, 24?

Brennan: 24\. You would know this about Ciabatta. Ciabatta has been a senator
for about four years. There's been only peace encountered over the past 20
years, but within Ceresia, there were some insurrections that crop up from
time to time, so it wasn't a war across borders, but of a certain internecine
like civil conflict that happened about five years ago. Ciabatta's a war hero.
He's like a gladiator in the pits, he was like low-born, fought his way up
through fighting pits, he joined the military, became a commander, and was
able to win election to the senate purely by virtue of having been a war hero.
So when he talks about like going alone, he means like, the bodyguards around
me are not gonna be better at protecting me than I am.

Siobhan: Dude rules.

Zac: Dude rules.

Brennan: Dude rules.

Zac: I bow to the senator, and I guess make my way?

Brennan: Yeah, make your way back. Cool, Theo, you accompany the guard back.

Murph: I think I'm not looking to really do too much spying or anything like
that. I think I just wanna make sure they don't get like intercepted by the--

Siobhan: Right, and Yak is flying over him, right?

Brennan: Correct.

Siobhan: So I can be in my bedroom just warging into Yak and seeing what's
going on.

Brennan: Absolutely.

Murph: Yeah, so I just wanna kind of--

Siobhan: At least when you're outside.

Murph: Make sure that she actually gets delivered to a jail cell, and then--

Brennan: She goes back to the same imperial garrison with Keradin, put deep
into a place, and they actually put some extra stuff on her, they put like
finger locks and they bind her mouth, because they know she's a miracle
worker.

Murph: Got it. Great.

Theobald: Good work, everyone. Everything seems to be in order.

Brennan: Grissini nods and looks a little bit sick. Cool.

Murph: I'll just rejoin these guys, I'll go back to the—

Brennan: Cruller arrives back first at your quarters.

Amethar: Cal.

Calroy: Your Majesty. How are you feeling?

Amethar: Like shit.

Calroy: I can imagine.

Amethar: When everyone's back, I'd like us all to talk.

Brennan: Quickly, you know, the rest of you guys, short walk with the senator
and Theo comes back a moment or two later. You guys are all back in your
quarters.

Lou: Fantastic.

Murph: We relay everything that happened.

Amethar: I'm sorry. What?

Lapin: And I was like—

Jet: You said what about the Bulb?

Lapin: I was like, “where's your Bulb now?”

Amethar: Oh!

Brennan: A bunch of Tartguard outside that shouldn't be listening all go,

Tartguard: Woo!

(cast laughing)

Amethar: Yes, yes, Lapin!

Ruby: I can't believe everybody's cool.

Theobald: He was uncharacteristically rad.

Jet: I feel like you guys sheltered us from even yourselves.

Ruby: Yeah, why would you do that? Why would you not want our respect?

Liam: This guy's always been cool. I mean, come on.

Theobald: Liam knows.

Lou: Anyway. Can I- Who is in the room right now?

Brennan: The six of you, your pets, Cruller, and the Lady Donetta. Lord and
Lady Swirlie are asking to attend as well.

Lou: I ask Lady Donetta if she would entertain the Swirlies. If she would
entertain the Swirlies loudly one room over and make sure that there are no
Tartguard listening in.

Brennan: She curtsies and bows, she leaves, so it's just the six of you guys,
Cal, and I think the pets and that's it.

Siobhan: And I can maybe cast Prestidigitation to create like a musical effect
near the doors-

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: -so that anybody who’s listening in is just-

Lou: Seems like we’re having a party.

Siobhan: -hearing music, yeah.

Calroy: Lovely.

Lapin: Yes, we're doing band practice.

(cast laughing)

Ruby: Yes, and we have a family jam band. Playing some Sublime and other fun
jam hits.

Brennan: So Cal says,

Calroy: Well, we're having a little meeting.

Brennan: He takes his hat off his little frosting head, and takes little
meeting notes, and says,

Calroy: All right, so, (sighs) where are we at?

Ally: Cal is Cruller, right?

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: I take my crown off my head and like undo my cape. I take my sword off my
back, I put it on a table or the floor or whatever. I look around, I say,

Amethar: As far as I'm concerned, this is a war council, and we are at war.

Liam: Really?

Amethar: It's a quiet war, and it is a war that is ours, it is not one that I
mean to speak about publicly, but a direct attack has been made against me
twice and foiled by you, [looks to Lapin and Liam] and I believe it is because
I am the King of Candia. So as far as I'm concerned, someone is attacking me,
and that is a declaration of war. We do not know who our enemy is, and thusly,
we cannot trust as many people as I would like, and even I must acknowledge
that now.

Jet: I couldn't agree more. This is definitely not peace.

Amethar: No.

Jet: Like everyone keeps telling us.

Liam: I know I don't have a military position, but—

Amethar: You're a seed guy.

Liam: Yeah, I'm a seed guy.

Calroy: Famously not a war guy.

Liam: I'm famously not a war guy.

Amethar: It's gotten around.

Liam: I'm really good at not being seen. I spend a very good amount of life
not being seen. It's the thing I'm best at. I also speak Ceresian, I could go
walk around tonight and I could try to eavesdrop—

Amethar sighs deeply.

Ruby: Me too, I’m really sneaky.

Liam: -and I could try to see what I could see. [points at Ruby] Yes!

Ruby: Sneak squad.

Liam: Sneak squad!

Jet: I think that you are both like in danger, in active danger because of
your magic.

Ruby: [cockily] Yeah, if they can spot us.

Liam: Yeah.

Jet: If you guys are going, I will be going as your Theobald.

Amethar: I am not comfortable with Liam going, as good as you are at stealth.
Should you be caught, the amount of danger that you would be in—

Liam: Only magic could catch me, with how stealthy I could be.

Jet: There is a lot of magic out there.

Liam: I could Pass Without a Trace, and truly only magic would be able to find
me, and it sounds like if everyone's so anti-magic, they're not using magic.

Lapin: They're anti one type of, other types of magic. There are people who
command the magic of the Bulb, who have real magic.

Liam: I thought that was all bullshit.

Jet: I'm also starting to think that magic being illegal is just magic is
illegal for the people that it is inconvenient for them to have it.

Ruby: Yeah. It's not fair.

Liam: Boom. Roasted.

Theobald: There are very powerful mages who share your theories.

Amethar: I'm excited to say this, because I haven't gotten to say it in a long
time. War is not fair. Nothing will be fair going forward. That's why we must
be ruthless.

Brennan: Cruller has a rueful smile, you see he gets lost in memory for a
second, and goes,

Calroy: (sighs) For Candia.

Amethar: For Candia.

Jet: For Candia.

Emily: I'm wearing your crown now.

Jet: For Candia.

Siobhan: It's very big. It's around your waist. But it does look cool.

Emily laughs and pretends to hula hoop.

Brennan: There is a knock at the door and one of the Tartguards speaks up.

Tartguard: There is a summons!

Amethar: ♪ Santeria, I ain’t got no crystal ball ♪

The cast laughs and joins in.

Brennan: Wait, we can't license it, we can't license it, we can't license it!
♪ I don't practice Candaria ♪

Emily: Okay!

All: [joins in singing] ♪ I don’t got no sugar ball ♪

Brennan: Wonderful. Fair use, there's a law. Importantly, you see that the
Tartguard says,

Tartguard: [with pomp] Your Majesty, King Amethar of the House Rocks, first of
his name! There has been word from the Concordant Emperor, the champions of
the Grand Tournament have been summoned. Sir Theobald Gumbar of the Knights of
North Gumbia, and the Count of Freezyberg as winners of the tournament--

Liam: [excited] I won!

Amethar: Wow.

Jet: No, this is bad.

Liam: Do you think I get a ribbon?

Jet: This is a trap.

Lapin: Theobald, I just had a question before we go forward.

Theobald: Good call.

Lapin: Have you thought about who you could possibly—

Theobald: Yes. I guess—

Jet: I won't be mad at you if it's me.

Murph: [laughs] I want to, I guess can we dismiss the messenger or whatever
and go back to it just being us?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: So I can say this kind of privately.

Ally: [humming Santeria]

Theobald: My king, you would be my choice for emperor, but is there anyone
else you want me to—

Zac: Is he not already nominated if, just generally, like—

Murph: No, right, but I could just not nominate anyone, and—

Brennan: It is a well-trodden thing that people send champions into the joust
just to stop other people from nominating themselves.

Murph: Got it, right.

Amethar: I mean, at this point, as far as I'm concerned, we cannot trust
anybody who's not from Fructera or the Meat Lands, so—

Jet: I don't even think that we should trust them.

Amethar: Those are the only two, I mean, I would argue I know exactly how the
Meat Lands feel about me, and I know about how people from Fructera feel about
me. Everywhere else is up for grabs.

Liam: Dairy Islands, maybe. Oh, you’re right...

Jet: Oh, no, the Dairy Islands are, as much as I—

Lapin: Is there anything to nominating your—

Liam: Preston.

Ruby: (gasps) King Preston!

Amethar: Okay.

Calroy: Emperor Preston, your highness, remember titles.

Lapin: Is there anything to nominating the person you fought today?

Murph: I’ve considered this.

Lapin: Just as a show of—

Ruby: Of faith?

Lapin: Just to help bolster.

Jet: That's an interesting maneuver.

Theobald: He might just... I don't know if that's a maneuver. If I were to do
that, he likely might choose his daughter.

Amethar: I mean, but my question to that would be, and this is not, I'm not
excited about being emperor, is how does the rest of Calorum feel about the
possibility of, I mean, it almost feels like we shouldn't put Uvano in that
situation, because I cannot imagine the rest of Calorum would be excited to
see it continue, Fructera's reign continue—

Theobald: More dangerous for Fructera. Here is a question, my lord. What about
the queen?

Amethar: I mean, she is good at statecraft in a way that I will never be.

Emily: Would I know if she would like that or not? Like, I mean, I'm her
daughter.

Brennan: You know your mom. I mean, your mom is… You know, it's hard when you
grow up knowing somebody and she's got so much biography that you were not
present for, but you know that your mom has always been kind of spiteful to
the outside world, and so much of her focus has been towards running Candia,
sort of, and you have a lot of love for your dad, but Amethar is no king, and
Caramelinda has basically occupied herself with making Candia as good as she
can. If anything, your mom is probably weirdly more isolationist than your
dad, because even though your dad, like, was only fighting wars, he at least
saw the world and made friends from other kingdoms. Your mom, when she thinks
of the outside world, thinks about what it took from her, and that's about it.

Jet: I've never seen much love in her for the rest of Calorum.

Theobald: And I don't suppose one of the princesses would want to be emperor
right now, at 18 years old?

Amethar: No. No.

Jet: As much as I desperately want to right now, it's kind of my thing right
now, I think it would be very ill-advised to tempt me with that.

Liam: What about my dad?

Amethar: No.

Brennan: You see Calroy's taking a little sip of cola and goes,

Calroy: [spittakes] [wipes mouth] Your father, who is in, let's be clear, open
rebellion against the Concord—

Liam: Mmhmm. Mmhmm.

Calroy: The only reason he has not been captured by the Imperial Army and
executed is because—

Amethar: He's fuckin' badass.

Calroy: I know—

Jet: Theobald—

Amethar: He's badass.

Calroy: I was there. He's incredible.

Amethar: A lot of us would die if we tried to—

Calroy: I saw him lift a Meat Lander off the ground with an underswing. It was
incredible, did you see that? Over the wall.

Liam: Really?

Calroy: I think they were dead before they hit the bottom, but we can't tell.

Jet: Theobald, why not you?

Theobald: [baffled] Me? I, uh—

Jet: Yes. The emperor shouldn't be the flashiest sword, it should be the
greatest shield.

Amethar: Oh. This is—

Theobald: Very poetic, but—

Amethar: I agree, beautifully put. Very wrong.

(cast laughing)

Murph: Theobald I can't even imagine being royal, but then he hears that and
he's like, “great tagline for my house.” And I think I take a moment and I go,

Theobald: Much like the Princess Ruby, I've had certain visions and inklings,
and I believe that whatever I was meant to do, it was perhaps meant to help
you get there. I don't think I'm to be emperor.

Ruby: What about Annabelle?

Theobald: We don't know anything about her.

Ruby: She seems really cool.

Theobald: She's definitely cool.

Amethar: I mean, that's like making the popular kid in school president of the
school.

Ruby: Exactly, like it happens in every school.

Amethar: Do we really want to make her principal?

Jet: Yeah, do we really need to buff her college admission essay any more?

Amethar: Exactly. She's fine.

Jet: I don't think that we should invest too deeply in anyone from the Dairy
Islands until we know more.

Amethar: Agreed.

Theobald: If we can only trust ourselves, then...

Brennan: Calroy thinks for a second, and you see he speaks up and says,

Calroy: These are all very interesting options. I think your point of order is
very well taken, Jet, and I understand that you want your mother's well-being
and happiness. I do think Caramelinda is the best suited for the Concordant
Throne, but I wouldn't wish for the rest of her life to be doing something she
didn't wish, nor for your family to have to live in Comida rather than where
you've grown up. There-

Ruby: Well, we could live with Pops in Castle Candy.

Jet: Yeah, honestly it'd be nice to get her out of our hair.

Ruby: Right?

Jet: Right.

Calroy: I know, I hear that.

Brennan: You see he says,

Calroy: There is something interesting that might be worth playing a more
conservative approach to this. Obviously, this is not who the emperor will be.
This is submitting someone into the circle of consideration for the emperor,
yes? This is not you getting to decide who the next emperor is, otherwise the
emperor would never choose to be the winner of a joust. It is instead you
making a formal recommendation and adding someone for legal acceptability,
according to the laws of the Concord. If we wanted to play something very
safe, I'm not saying that we should count on this, but if you were to name
Amethar, there are certain protections that that provides in contingencies of
the law within the Concord. For example, if the emperor were to declare that
there are no fit successors, in which case it would move to a vote that would
be administrated by the Pontifex and the Cornucopian Council would vote, your
declaration as the winner of the joust actually does, strangely enough, count
for a secured vote on the Cornucopian Council, which in the very unlikely
event that Uvano says no one is fit, I'm just thinking of how much of a
honeycomb the Concord actually is in terms of the nature of the treaty. So
that's a less fun option, but a perhaps, safer one.

Theobald: You know how much I love safety, my lord.

(Brennan laughing)

Jet: Theobald, nominate yourself, you deserve it.

Ruby: Yeah, sounds- You'd be good.

Theobald: All of a sudden you two like me, what is going on?

Ruby: Yeah, 'cause you're a badass now.

Theobald: This is strange.

Ruby: It's not strange, you're the one who's been hiding your coolness.

Lou: Did the emperor summon Liam?

Brennan: And Theo, they've been summoned.

Jet: I am highly concerned about Liam being summoned.

Ruby: Mm-hmm, yeah, me too. Can we all go?

Zac: Could I possibly go, well--

Brennan: None of you guys have been summoned. You're welcome to--

Ruby: Yeah, we're the royal family, we'll just go.

Theobald: If you all hang out nearby, I can leave Sprinkle with somebody and
freak out, as it were.

Zac: Do I know what time it is? Like as far as like—

Brennan: It has just turned into evening.

Siobhan: Can we say we took a short rest in the time that--

Brennan: Yes, you've all taken a short rest.

Murph: Cool.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: Do I know if… What time the senator—

Brennan: He didn't give you a time specifically. But he only knows you by your
quarters. He only knows you by the Candian quarters in the Pyramid.

Theobald: So, shall we all head in that general direction, and I will take
Liam in there, and if anything happens, I'll make sure—

Amethar: Yeah, and as a show of strength, I will be joining them, though I was
stabbed earlier.

(Brennan laughs)

Ally: Can I cast Pass Without a Trace on the whole party except for us two?
[points to Murph]

Brennan: Oh, yeah.

Zac: Will you, just, before you do that, I might be, I told them about the
senator, right?

Brennan: Okay, no, I don't think you have yet, so if you want to tell them now
before these two get summoned.

Lapin: So before, when I left after we arrested Alfredi, Senator Ciabatta gave
me the offer of accompanying him to find out more about what's going on, and
said that I should just bring those who can keep a low profile. And that
should happen later tonight, I'm trying to decide—

Ruby: Oh, well then--

Jet: I can certainly keep a low profile.

Ruby: I’ll stay. Yeah.

Emily: I suppose I'd like to ask Theobald and Amethar,

Jet: Where would my talents be best suited, defending Liam or defending—

Lou: Are they overlapping?

Brennan: It's possible that the senator could reach out at any moment. And he
seemed to think it was a time-sensitive thing.

Siobhan: I'll stay with the Chancellor.

Emily: I believe that it will be easier for me to stay with the Chancellor.
Amethar, I think can come and go with the emperor, but I think my presence
wouldn't be as welcome.

Murph: All right.

Brennan: Cool. [points to Ally, Murph, and Lou] You three go for the emperor,
[points to Emily, Siobhan, and Zac] you three stay with--

Siobhan: [to Ally] Can you cast Pass Without Trace on us?

Zac: How long does it last?

Emily: [to Murph] Do you wanna leave Sprinkle with me?

Murph: I think Sprinkle actually isn't gonna be super helpful.

Ally: Up to an hour.

Murph: Because it can't—

Ally: You get a plus 10 to Dex—

Emily: [crosstalk, to Murph] I meant, using, seeing through him, see what’s
going on.

Murph: I think, it can only be done over a certain amount of feet.

Emily: Distance? [nods]

Ally: —for Stealth checks, and you can't be tracked except by magical means,
you don't leave any trace.

Siobhan: It’s plus 10, right?

Brennan: I think you can hit all three of them, right?

Ally: I can even hit us, but we wanna be seen. So I can hit all three of you
guys.

Murph: It wouldn't be a bad idea, if you can also hit us in case later we get
into a situation where we need to hide or something. Wouldn't be a bad idea.

Ally: Yeah, can we go in and out of Pass Without a Trace?

Brennan: If you're not trying to hide, Pass Without a Trace doesn't do
anything.

Ally: Great, I cast it on all six of us.

Murph: Sweet.

Ally: And Cruller.

Brennan: Yeah, Cruller, who's already a light-footed, debonair, roguish type,
fuckin' vanishes in the middle of the room, and he goes,

Calroy: I will say, how do people not get behind magic? Because...

(cast laughing)

Ruby: This is very cool.

Jet: The Candia of the future will have kindergartens full of it.

Calroy: Right. Kindergartens full of children that can disappear does concern
me for, again, safety reasons.

Amethar: Come on, Cal, it's def cool.

Calroy: All right—

Amethar: That's cool.

Calroy: I waffle. Some days I'm on your side, some days I'm with Theo and
Caramelinda, I'm a man of many faces, I have to be able to go where the wind
takes me.

Amethar: And that's what I love about you.

Calroy: All right.

Brennan: Cal actually says,

Calroy: Should I remain here in the quarters posted up in case anything
happens, or should I—

Theobald: That's not a bad idea.

Calroy: All right.

Theobald: Just in case someone tries to break in.

Calroy: I'll hold down the fort and make sure the Tartguard don't embarrass
our nation.

Theobald: Yeah, you need to do that.

Brennan: You hear a noise of all of them dancing on the ramparts in a long
line, like arms over shoulders, high-kick dancing.

Theobald: Your king was almost killed! Do a sadder dance!

(cast laughing)

Brennan: "Do a sadder dance!"

Liam: You can still dance. Just pick a sadder one.

Brennan: Okay, awesome.

Ally: Oh, I cast it on Preston, I cast it on our animals as well.

Brennan: Cool, we follow Amethar, Liam, and Theo. You guys are escorted by
some of the Targuard and the Imperial Guard up to the antechamber again, where
you see, once again in resplendent finery, the Lady Uvano, who walks directly
up to you, Theo, and says,

Plumbeline: Sir Theobald of Candia. I owe you the most sincere apology I can
give.

Theobald: There's no apology necessary. I understand that emotions are high,
and for something so significant to be decided in something like a joust is
honestly a bit ridiculous. But it was an honor to compete against you.

Brennan: She extends a hand to you.

Murph: I kiss her hand.

Brennan: She nods and says,

Plumbeline: King Amethar, you may of course come inside if you wish, but I
believe...

Brennan: And you see that there's another person posted up here as well, who's
Annabelle Cheddar.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Annabelle nods to you and says,

Annabelle: Well, my fellow champions, how do you find yourselves?

Emily: Oh, she got it!

Brennan: She looks over to you and says,

Annabelle: Right, the Ceresian fellow ran out of the ring, disqualifying
himself. Actually, everyone in the other ring left the ring before the match
was called, so that's immediately disqualifying, and then…

Theobald: The bards will sing of your...

Annabelle: And then Grissini dropped his weapon, and the french fry did as
well, which—

Lou/Siobhan: And his pants.

Annabelle: And his pants, yeah.

Emily: [laughing] Bonathan.

Annabelle: And then the only other melee combatant that kept her weapon in her
hand verbally conceded the match to me.

Amethar: A win's a win.

Emily: I’m glad I honored my alliance!

Annabelle: So, right, well, this is the most humiliating victory I've ever
had. But you know, the Dairy Islands don't have much, so I'll take it.

(cast laughing)

Theobald: It's no small prize. I'm sure the outcome would've been the same
either way.

Emily: Hey.

Siobhan: You’re not there.

Emily: Shut up, this is me as Emily saying it.

Liam: So what made you refuse to get married?

Annabelle: Right, look, we're at court.

Liam: I just thought maybe, what?

Amethar: How- Look-

Liam: Who said- I’m sorry, I’m sorry.

Annabelle: Hi, I'm Annabelle. It's a pleasure to meet you. What's your
favorite color, you daft little—

Liam: Oh, got it, got it, got it, sorry.

Annabelle: Hey, there's an order to these kind of like—

Theobald: Sincerely, on behalf of all of Candia—

Liam: I'm sorry, I thought I was picking up where we left off.

(Emily laughing)

Annabelle: Where we left off was you were blasted out of your gourd on wine--

Liam: No--

Amethar: And I thought you were about to fuck the avocado lad.

Liam: I meant the- the- “we” as in all of us at the tournament.

Amethar: Where we left the tournament was we were almost murdered by an
insane—

Ally: Can I make a Persuasion- Can I try to make up for this?

Brennan: Yeah, give me disadvantage—

Murph: [mournful] Oh, already got a 2! Which is a zero!

Brennan: Let's see if it's a 1.

Ally: Disadvantage what?

Brennan: Disadvantage to Charisma.

Murph: My lord.

Ally: Nat 20!

Emily: But you have disadvantage!

Brennan: [merciless] Doesn't matter.

Ally: No!

Murph: What’s your—

(cast laughing)

Murph: A literal 0.

Brennan: A literal 0? A number not even on the die. She goes like,

Annabelle: Hey, look, I'm gonna be clear. There's something very deeply wrong
with you.

Liam: What?!

Annabelle: I'm not saying anything that should come as a surprise.

Liam: I— no. I just—

Amethar: She's right.

Liam: Yeah?

Amethar: I mean, you have a lot.

Annabelle: Here's my question. I'm looking at you and I'm sizing you up.

Liam: Uh-huh.

Annabelle: As someone who knows that they're bad with people.

Liam: Yeah.

Annabelle: You know that about yourself, right?

Liam: I do.

Annabelle: And so knowing that about yourself, what most people would do, say
hey, I'm not that charming, is they would tend to pipe down. You’ve walked
into a room and just led with the loudest declaration of someone else's
personal business.

Liam: You know, I just, I got spoiled, okay? I was left out for a large part
of my life, I'm really on a hot streak right now. I've been included in almost
everything that's come up around me. This has never happened to me before. So
I'm just trying to ride that wave, okay, sister?

Theobald: You have to understand, there are a lot of turd siblings in his
family.

Annabelle: I understand, look, every kingdom has their various, you know,
exclaves, rebel lords, places that haven't paid their taxes to the Concord.
You know, the Concord's only existed for 20 years, there's not unanimous, you
know, something like 80 or 90% of Calorum has given over fealty, but just
because you live outside of the borders of what we consider the civilized
world, just, I don't know, it's just common courtesy.

Liam: What do you do? You read a book, you listen to someone speak about how
to be good with people? What do you...

Annabelle just looks at Liam.

Theobald: Count Liam, what are you...

Liam: I just, I'm looking for some practical pointers here, okay, people?

Annabelle: Right, in the future, start with, when you're meeting a person.

Liam: Uh-huh.

Annabelle: Pick one detail of something not on their body or how they look on
their face, but of something maybe, either a piece of clothing or something
they're holding, or maybe something they've worked on, and just look to give
them one sincere compliment about something that again is not their physical
characteristics.

Liam: Okay, I'll try. I'll try that.

Annabelle: So you see someone, either something they've done or something they
have, and that's all fair game, all right? And just give one sincere
compliment. And then, if that worked, you just cut it off there and bail.

Liam: Great.

Annabelle: All right, great.

Liam: Great.

Amethar: All right, let's go talk to the emperor.

(cast laughing)

Emily: Before we do that, is Thad still in the alley?

Brennan: Do you wanna go check?

Emily: No.

Brennan: Okay. (laughs) Word is yeah, he's still in the alley. He has servants
bringing him food and a chamber pot.

Murph: Oh no.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Emily: [laughing] A chamber pot!

Siobhan: [French accent] “Flush it away.”

Murph: A chamberpot for an avocado to shit in an alley.

Brennan: He's gonna have some good war buddies now that have watched him shit
in the alley. You guys walk in and you are in the bedchamber of the Concordant
Emperor, Gustavo Uvano. He looks up, he looks like he's been propped up on
some pillows to be, he's not as vulnerable as he was the first night. He's
propped up a little bit and goes,

(somber piano music)

Gustavo: Ah, hello, my humble subjects. Captain Cheddar, Sir Theobald, and
Count Jawbreaker.

Liam: Hello.

Murph: I kneel. I motion for Liam to also kneel.

Liam: Oh, right. I like your infrastructure.

(cast cracks up)

Liam: I like the sturdy infrastructure you built there for your back.

Brennan: He looks at you. Give me a Charisma check, I'll say with advantage.

Ally: Advantage?!

Brennan: Advantage.

Ally: Hey, that's an 11 with my negative 2.

Brennan: He goes,

Gustavo: Ah, I would not have suspected that a young boy with a pig would have
such an eye for infrastructure.

Liam: I certainly do.

Preston: [squeals]

Brennan: You see he says,

Gustavo: Very well. To those that are assembled here, first, the thing that
does not require a choice of any sort. Congratulations to you, Count of
Freezyburg, and you will have a seat on the Cornucopian Council for the reign
of whoever is selected emperor. [looks meaningfully at Amethar]

Liam: Whoa.

Gustavo: And Captain Cheddar, you have won the melee, so you may ask for one
boon of me.

Brennan: She looks up and says,

Annabelle: (sighs) I have two things that I dearly want, and one is for
myself, and one is for the Dairy Islands. (looks down for a moment, thinking)
I would ask the emperor's leave to request a favor from the Pontifex that, as
a youth, the young ward Stilton Curdeau, swore some holy vows as he was a
youngest son to enter the clergy, and his older brothers died at sea. I would
ask that he be released from his vows so that he could wed his sweetheart, the
Lady Primsy Coldbottle, Duchess of Lacramore.

Liam: [muffled scream]

Brennan: The emperor nods and says,

Gustavo: A release under these circumstances would be eminently reasonable.

Theobald: [furtively] [concerned] Umm. Umm, King Amethar, umm, Stilton
Curdeau—

Liam: [loudly] [abruptly] I have a tummy ache!

Brennan: [not having it] You guys absolutely, if you do this shit in the room,
this is like a quiet, somber—

Murph: Can I Message?

Lou: I know exactly-

Brennan: It is very somber, I will require a Deception check if you try to do
a Message here.

Emily: Sprinkle can give you the help action.

Brennan: What are the components for Message again, real quick?

Murph: It is a cantrip.

Brennan: It’s verbal, somatic, and material. Which means that you would have
to move your hands to be able to do it, which is gonna require a Deception
check.

(Murph sighs)

Lou: I give Theobald a knowing nod.

Murph: So I just look at him.

Brennan: [to Murph] He turns to you and says,

Gustavo: And the champion of the joust.

Brennan: He looks over at his daughter and says,

Gustavo: I understand that you unhorsed my daughter. I have never seen a skill
that my daughter could not immediately pick up and become a master at. But it
would not be fair for the Bulb to give her every gift at the peak of its
proficiency, so, I will not hold it against you that you have defeated my
daughter.

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Gustavo: And Sir Theobald Gumbar, you as the winner of the joust have the
ability to name someone you wish for me to consider, be they high or lowborn.

Theobald: (sighs) Emperor, I don't want to embarrass him, so I'm gonna be as
casual about this as I can. (unfurls scroll)

To be clear, Murph has unrolled a literal scroll to read off of. Seeing this,
Zac drops his pen to cover his face.

(cast laughing)

Theobald: I nominate the good King Amethar of House Rocks, first of his name,
sovereign ruler of Candia and the Sugar Lands, Duke of Cookieshire, Protector
of the Realm and Defender of the Faith, Bannerman of the Battle of Gumdrop
Pass and Hero of Frosting Valley, the Unfallen, yet again.

Amethar: (interrupting Theobald at various points) I’m— I’m in the room. Oh…
I’m right here. What’s the point? I’ve seen you shit and piss— (defeated)
Okay. (sighs)

Murph: I bow.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You fucking had a scroll! You see that the emperor looks at you and
says...

Gustavo: (sighs) A powerful nomination. I can see that indeed Candia's honor
is strong. I will have to take your nomination into very serious
consideration.

Theobald: Thank you, my lord.

Brennan: He looks at you and he says,

Gustavo: Champions, you are dismissed.

Brennan: As you guys get up to leave, he looks at you, Amethar, and says,

Gustavo: Amethar, a word?

Amethar: Oh, of course.

Brennan: You guys step out, Annabelle steps out with you. Looks at you, sort
of nods knowingly at you and claps you on the shoulder and says,

Annabelle: Well, the council will benefit from your wisdom for many long years
to come.

Liam: Thanks. And thanks for the pointer, I think it really worked.

Annabelle: I actually think it kinda did.

Liam: Yeah. That felt good.

Annabelle: Yeah. Right?

Theobald: Infrastructure, that was pretty good.

Liam: Can I ask you something about Primsy? I didn't know that she had someone
that she was romantically into.

Annabelle: (sighs) Aye, she did, aye, that she did. She's had her sweet heart
set on the young Stilton Curdeau, who has wooed her very powerfully since she
was I would say quite a younger maiden than she is now, but… He had this sort
of religious vow that he had taken, he was promised to the clergy, and so he
promised purity and celibacy when he was a very young lad, and when he became
heir, it became an impediment, and so they couldn't declare formal courtship,
they couldn't declare, Primsy couldn't be promised, and there were other
suitors that Primsy had to turn away because—

Theobald: So this is sort of a way for the Bulbian Church to get into politics
more directly.

Annabelle: I don't know if you've noticed, but they're pretty involved as it
stands.

Theobald: More so, then.

Annabelle: Aye, I suppose so. You could say that.

Theobald: And you're close with Stilton Curdeau?

Annabelle: Who, myself?

Theobald: Yeah.

Annabelle: No, he's a little ponce. Don't care for the lad, but he makes
Primsy happy.

Theobald: Do you care about Primsy?

Brennan: Give me a Charisma check with disadvantage.

Murph: So bad. 2?

Brennan: She is still for a moment, steps into your personal space and says,

Annabelle: [quietly] We're not on a fuckin' chariot right now. You're not
gonna unhorse me like you did the Lady Plumbeline, you understand? You call my
honor into question again, or my loyalty to my duchess, and it won't be words
we share, Sir Theobald. Have I made myself clear?

Theobald: [quietly] Crystal.

Brennan: She whips around with her captain's coat and walks away down the
hall.

Liam: So she's in love with Primsy.

Murph immediately pinches the bridge of his nose in exasperation.

(Brennan laughing)

Brennan: We are going to go into the chambers of the emperor. You see that
Lady Plumbeline's sort of sitting looking, sort of smiling, not a weak smile,
but sort of like a tired smile at her father. You see that Gustavo looks at
you and says,

Gustavo: Amethar. You know the last thing I would have wished to do would be
to make you unhappy. But I have thought about it a long time, and I do not
think such a powerful, formal declaration of your candidacy can go unrewarded.

Amethar: Do not, I swear. I mean, I guess he just had that scroll on him at
all times? I mean, it was actually kinda cute.

Gustavo: Amethar. It's you. I am going to name you the emperor.

Amethar: (sighs) God. I mean, I guess if they try and kill you twice, and you
live both times.

Gustavo: That's what I'm saying. Why not have an invincible emperor?

Amethar: (laughs) I mean, I only have to do it for 20 years? Or no, this is
ending because you're, you know.

(cast laughing)

Gustavo: Oh yes, I'm dying.

Amethar: Dying, yeah.

Gustavo: It could be longer than, you still get sick, I guess is the—

Amethar: Am I allowed to call it? Like if I'm like, I don't know, if I get, I
don't know.

Gustavo: For you, no. In fact, I'm going to amend the—

Amethar: Don't do that! Don't do that.

Brennan: You see he coughs a little bit. You see he looks at Plumbeline and
says,

Gustavo: (sighs) Go and fetch the papers of records. I'm going to declare
Amethar.

Brennan: She looks and says,

Plumbeline: Father, the Pontifex is holding onto the papers at the moment.
Should I disturb her?

Brennan: You see he says,

Gustavo: Yes, go ahead and disturb her. Amethar, you are the right choice and
you know it.

Amethar: Oh, I mean, fine. Fine, I mean, you're a smart guy. If you think it's
me. If my wife thinks it's me. If Theobald is gonna write my big old list of
titles, it's gonna be me.

Brennan: So he says,

Gustavo: Caramelinda asked for this? I did not know that, we should have done
it much sooner, I do not like to keep that woman waiting.

Amethar: [laughs] I mean, I'll tell you, I got all excited about the
tournament, I didn't realize that you were gonna ask me for all this. I broke
a chandelier, she was mad.

Gustavo: I believe it. I believe it.

Amethar: Hey, do I get to pick my council? Like the rest of the Cornucopian
Coun-?

Gustavo: The Cornucopian Council is the heads of state.

Amethar: Oh.

Gustavo: And whoever you select, so you may select who you wish on the
Cornucopian Council.

Amethar: Would Plumbelina be open to—

Brennan: Plumbeline looks over at you, and tears up a little bit. She looks at
her father, and looks at you and says,

Plumbeline: I would be more honored than I can say.

Amethar: Well, I mean, you gotta be there.

Brennan: Gustavo winks at his daughter and says,

Gustavo: Amethar, thank you.

Amethar: It would be stupid not to.

Brennan: And you take your leave of the emperor. So, we are going to go back
to the Candian quarters here at the Great Food Pyramid. As you guys are
preparing, or waiting to hear something, you hear a knock at the door, and the
Tartguard asks for permission to enter.

Lapin: Who specifically is in here?

Brennan: You hear a voice outside.

Onionpatch: Very sorry, sir, this is the Archbishop Oliver Onionpatch on
behalf of her Holiness, the Hierophant Rex? You know, Belizabeth Brassica, the
Pontifex?

Lapin: Yes.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Zac: Anyone wanna help me?

Emily: Yeah, I’ll give the help action.

Siobhan: [softly] Nice.

Zac: That would be a 25.

Brennan: Seems legit.

Zac: Okay. Yeah, I'm gonna open the door.

Brennan: You see a little purple onion-headed man comes in, Vegetanian, says,

Onionpatch: Greetings. Oh, my dear young princesses, I was horrified to see
what happened to your father at the tournament match.

Jet: You mean the attempted assassination.

Onionpatch: Yes, of course. I could refer to nothing else.

Ruby: [politely] Candia thanks you for your concern.

Brennan: He nods and smiles.

Jet: [whispering] Very diplomatic.

Ruby: [whispering back] Right?

Brennan: He says,

Onionpatch: Your presence is requested immediately at the Pontifex's chambers
at the cathedral.

Jet: We are happy to escort him.

Lapin: Could you give us a moment?

Onionpatch: Absolutely.

Jet: We are happy to take a moment.

Brennan: You see that he closes the door.

Lapin: Senator Ciabatta might come by while I'm gone.

Jet: You want us to stay here?

Lapin: I'm trying to--

Jet: I don't trust you with the Pontifex.

Lapin: I don't--

Jet: The Pontifex seemed pretty chummy with the Lady Alfredi.

Lapin: She may or may not be trustworthy, but I feel as though...

Brennan: Calroy speaks up and says,

Calroy: Let's be very clear. If Primogen doesn't attend a summons of the
Pontifex, there is no telling what happens.

Jet: I understand, I'm merely wondering if we should attend him.

Ruby: Why don't you go to the Pontifex, and we will go...

Lapin: Calroy.

Ruby: With Grissini.

Lapin: That's what I was thinking, but I was just...

Ruby: Or one of us can go with you, and the other could go...

Brennan: Calroy looks and says,

Calroy: I will be very honest, I think that the Chancellor can handle himself.
I'm not concerned about Lapin. It looks very strange for a Primogen to walk
with escort in the streets of Comida to attend a summons by her Holiness.

Ruby: We live in strange times.

Calroy: We do live in strange times, let's not make them any stranger.

Ruby: All right.

Lapin: I feel as though I should go, but if the Senator Ciabatta comes by, I
guess it makes the most sense for you three to go.

Brennan: He says,

Calroy: Well I'm going to stay here, but yes, that's a wise choice.

Lapin: Okay.

Siobhan: And you've told us about the note, right?

Zac: Yes, but I don't know that you can do it without me. Do you have Illusory
Script?

Jet: I'm a little bit psychic.

(cast laughing)

Lapin: Hmm, yes.

Siobhan: I don't have Illusory, umm.

Zac: Wait, you and any creatures you designate.

Siobhan: Oh, right.

Zac: When you cast the spell. So I feel like I would've--

Brennan: Would you have designated them?

Zac: I think I would have, yeah.

Brennan: If you want to give me a flat DC 15 Intelligence check to see if you
would have thought to designate other people in case something like this came
up, go for it.

Zac: 15.

Brennan: Hell yeah, great. You thought at that time, retcon action, you were
like, in case anything comes up for the rest of the day, I'll make it readable
by my allies. Awesome. You head off with Oliver, and the two princesses
remain.

Jet: Do you ever feel like everyone wants us to take authority someday, but
then they still treat us like such children?

Ruby: I think that maybe they're treating us like such children 'cause we've
been acting like such children.

Jet: I know, but that's why I've tried to step it up and act more mature. I
just thought it would change in like one day.

Zac: I’m gone.

Brennan: You're gone. You see Calroy looks over and says,

Calroy: I'm sorry, I couldn't help but overhear.

Brennan: Oh, you guys were doing twinspeak?

Emily: No, we— (indistinct)

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You see he looks over at you and says,

Calroy: [sighs] I agree, we do treat you like children. Classic child
treating, to let the two princesses go on a covert mission with the head of
state of a rival kingdom. Exactly the lack of responsibility—

Jet: Okay, you're right. Mainly I was responding, I thought like I would be a
really good escort and look really buff alongside the Primogen.

Ruby: I think— That's the childish response, 'cause you wanted to do it 'cause
you wanted to look buff.

Jet: Jesus Christ, can I have a fuckin' day off of people telling me I'm
fuckin' wrong?

(cast laughing)

Ruby: You're cool! You know I think you're cool.

Emily: I just joust the wall.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: A knock comes on the door, and a Tartguard holds a piece of parchment
that says "Lapin" on it, and you see underneath, there is a small symbol of a
bakery, and underneath the name Lapin is a script that only you two can read
that says "for Candia."

Ruby: We will come with you.

Jet: Yeah.

Brennan: Lovely.

Siobhan: Who is this person?

Emily: Yeah, I think we should introduce ourselves.

Siobhan: It's Ciabatta?

Brennan: Oh, this is a Tartguard.

Siobhan: It's a Tartguard, oh.

Brennan: And it's just a sign of a bakery, and you recognize the sign of the
bakery.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Brennan: It's in Comida.

Siobhan: Oh, great. Great, can we put on our peasant clothes?

Brennan: You absolutely can.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me some Stealth checks.

Siobhan: Great, and we add plus 10?

Emily: And we add 10, right?

Brennan: Plus 10, that's correct.

Emily: 28.

Siobhan: Oh, sorry, that's a d12. I got a 39.

Brennan sputters a laugh.

Siobhan: I think that passes. How without trace am I?

Brennan: You are extremely without trace.

Zac: 39?

Siobhan: Yeah, plus 10, I have, oh, I'm so sorry, it's only 36.

Brennan: Oh, good, good good good.

Ally: Now everyone sees you.

Brennan: So you guys arrive at the bakery. Go ahead and give me a Perception
check, if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: A nat 20.

Brennan: Hidden in the shadows is a Ceresian peasant who's like by the alley,
looks like a tall loaf of bread dressed in peasant's clothes. With a nat 20,
you see underneath the little peasant's garb, tucked into a rope belt, are two
incredibly wrought Ceresian gladius swords.

Ruby: Hail and well met, fellow peasant.

Ciabatta: Ah, of course, hail and well met, fellow peasants.

Jet: Hmm, yes, just taking a walk to (breathes in) shit outside.

(cast laughing)

Ruby: [starts saying something] What?

Ciabatta: What?

Ally: [laughing] What?! What!

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,

Ciabatta: Do you—

Jet: I'll be more discreet. I'll just shut the fuck up.

Ciabatta: Depending on how well this goes, perhaps we can watch each other
shit.

(cast laughing)

Ally: The avocado uses a bedpan, but you're just going outside to shit?

Brennan: You see Senator Ciabatta in his peasant's clothes, unarmored but with
these weapons still. He goes,

Ciabatta: Follow me.

Brennan: And pulls a hood up over his big loaf head and fuckin' heads off into
the night with you. You guys get to a palazzo, a little Ceresian palazzo,
outside of the Great Pyramid. It looks like it's abandoned, there's actually a
lock on this iron gate out front, this like, fruit iron gate. And you get to a
little lock there, and you see that the good senator looks at you and says,

Ciabatta: Through or over, ladies' choice.

Jet: I'd say through.

Ruby: Yeah, I can pick this lock maybe.

Jet: The two of us together, yeah.

Brennan: This is gonna be a DC 25 Sleight of Hand.

Siobhan: 25? Well, I'm gonna take a little help action from my beautiful
falcon.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: And I have plus 7. Wait, it's Sleight of Hand or thieves' tools?

Brennan: Oh, thieves' tools.

Siobhan: Great. That's actually lower, my Sleight of Hand is high, can I use
Sleight of Hand? Yeah, I got, oh, I got a 24.

Brennan: Ooh, brutal.

Siobhan: Over it is.

Brennan: Cool. Go ahead and give me some Acrobatics checks.

Siobhan: Great. And I'm gonna take the help action again. Oh.

Emily: 29.

Siobhan: I have 17.

Brennan: 29, 17, cool. You see that you guys and the good senator make it over
the wall and begin to sneak through this little courtyard, this little like,
there's some Ceresian trees and stuff in here, and there's a lot of like
mystical, there's like Bulbian stuff, but it's like weird, gnostic, mystical
Bulbian stuff, it's like ooh, this is like weird ceremonial, the groovy
spiritual side of the Bulbian Church.

Emily: Hmm. Okay.

Brennan: As you begin to move through here, you guys get into this chamber, it
looks abandoned, it looks like the grass has grown up in here, it looks like
it's been abandoned for some time. You get into the chamber a little bit. You
walk around a corner. Out of the shadows, a bread person, like a loaf person,
steps out, and Ciabatta drops down, leaps up, and slits his throat, and he
falls to the ground dead.

Jet and Ruby look shocked.

Brennan: Puts it back,

Ciabatta: Shh.

Ruby puts a finger to her lips.

Ciabatta: (quietly) Yeah, this is what I thought. This is the good Primogen's
secret, shall we say domicile? Or perhaps something more.

Brennan: And he begins to sneak up the stairs.

Emily: I just wanna like, quickly grab an ID or something out of a pocket of
that—

Brennan: Give me an Investigation check.

Emily: 16.

Brennan: You look at him, he's not wearing either Imperial or Ceresian colors.
Looks like just a Ceresian warrior, maybe like a gladiator or a mercenary,
something like that.

Siobhan: Can I do like a History, or maybe an Arcana check on this gnostic
shit?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it, give me Arcana.

Siobhan: Great. 15, 16?

Brennan: This is bullshit. You're looking at it, you know enough about the
stuff to be like, these are from different faiths. Like the Bulbian Church has
been around in some capacity or other for a long time. It's been over 1000
years that some form of this church has existed, and a lot of the relics here
are, you immediately clock as like, these don't line up into a cogent, like,
cosmology or theology. These are just things that look pretty.

Ruby: This is all fake.

Jet: I'm not surprised.

Ruby: Yeah.

Jet: [whispering] This guy was probably a little bit innocent, but let's just
play along.

Ruby: [whispering] Okay.

Jet: Okay.

Brennan: You get to the top of the stairs, and you see Ciabatta opens a door,
and you walk inside, and you see the good senator and head of state of Ceresia
turns a hooded lantern so that its light, he puts it on the ground, turns it
so that its light is just hitting a back wall, shining like away from windows,
so it's like no one can see it from outside. Just lights the floor up, and you
guys see you are in an alchemical laboratory.

Emily: I knew it.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me, you can give me Arcana, you can give me,
Investigation and Arcana is what you guys can give, or if you want to give me
another skill check, and give me one too.

Siobhan: And can I still get the help action from Yak?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: [to Emily] Ciabatta's gonna give you the help action.

Emily: Oh, yay, I get to roll with advantage!

Siobhan: I got a 19.

Emily: I got 9 twice.

(cast laughing)

Emily: My life.

Brennan: What skill are you using?

Siobhan: Arcana.

Brennan: You look around, you see… Water, pure water.

(Siobhan gasps)

Brennan: And you see, as you go to it, Ciabatta actually reaches out and like
stops your hand as you're like reaching to touch it and looks at it. You see
he puts out a finger, touches it, and his finger swells up and gets soggy, and
he shakes it a little bit, he's like,

Ciabatta: Deadly for anybody, especially for Candians. I would not—

Emily: Can I search around and see if there's any other kinda deadly things,
like mold or fruit flies or anything?

Brennan: Give me an Investigation.

Emily: 16.

Brennan: Yeah, you find mold. Stoppered up. Shit that like, this is like
finding like weapons-grade chemical bio-agent stuff, like mold, rot, weird bad
shit.

Ruby: This is crazy, she just has this weapons cache?

Jet: What is your take on this, Ciabatta? Is this what you anticipated to
find?

Brennan: He smiles, looks at you and says,

Ciabatta: I do not mean to speak profanity or blasphemy.

Ruby: Oh, it's fine, we're grownups.

Jet: Yeah, I have a lot of banned books.

Ciabatta: Perhaps I shall sound a little bit unpious.

Brennan: And he takes a small tincture, unscrews it, and goes,

Ciabatta: But in this world, there are no miracles.

Brennan: Drops them into his eyes, and his eyes glow white. He takes it,
tosses it over to the side, it breaks, kinda glows a little bit. He says,

Ciabatta: I wonder how long this will last for, maybe an hour, maybe two
hours. Our dear friend the Primogen Alfredi is a humbug. Not a true miracle
worker, I'm so sad to say. Exactly as I expected.

Siobhan: What did he just put in his eyes?

Emily: The thing that she puts, 'cause she had those glowy eyes.

Siobhan: Oh, right, yeah.

Brennan: She had like glowing eyes, and he just put it in his eyes, and with
your other roll, you recognize it, it's alchemical, it's a trick, it's a
fuckin' illusion.

Emily: I want to look around for any insignia or seals from any Dairy Islands.

Brennan: You look at schematics that she had here for crafting daggers, and
you see there, actually, this time I need an Investigation check for it. He's
gonna give you another help action, I need a DC 15 on this one.

Siobhan: Yeah, I got it.

Emily: Investigation?

Siobhan: Yeah. I got a 17.

Brennan: You got a 17?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You pull up documents, you hold them up to Jet, you're looking at
them. Do either of you speak Lacra?

Siobhan: I do.

Brennan: It's written in Lacra, and it is instructions for milk silk. And it's
instructions for milk silk, and you see that it is written in a dialect of
Lacra that's very hard for you to understand. You speak Fructerano as well.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: It's like a weird mix of Fructerano and Lacra. You know that some
islands in the far west of the Dairy Islands get closer to the edges of Pulp
Bay.

Siobhan: Like the Yogurt Shoals over here?

Brennan: Like Yogurt Shoals, places like that. Either of you guys can give me
a History check, DC 15.

Ally: [quietly] Wow, fuck.

Emily: Do I get help action from my dude?

Brennan: Yes, you do.

Siobhan: Yeah. History?

Emily: I got a 19.

Siobhan: 16.

Brennan: 16\. You recognize, yeah. Yogurt Shoals, their Lacra has a lot of
Fructerano in it. Yogurt Shoals is what this hand is written in about how you
make milk silk, and it's a direct alchemical one to one for whatever this
water steel was. Like the process they use to make this is what was used to
make these water daggers, right? Yogurt Shoals, you know, is the home of House
Bleu. House Bleu—

Siobhan: Mon dieu!

Brennan: [laughs] Mon dieu indeed. House Bleu has a very young heir who until
earlier this evening could not be wed. Stilton Curdeau is Lord Bleu.

Siobhan: Merde.

Emily: She was working with some Dairy rebels.

Siobhan: Stilton and Cheddar?

Brennan: He nods. He makes an Investigation check.

Emily: I knew she was too, Alfredo.

Siobhan: Mm.

Brennan: There you go. Go ahead, guys, and give me a Perception check, if
you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: 21.

Brennan: You notice Ciabatta is letting you, he'd been helping you where to
look, he finds a shelf of stuff and begins rifling through it and pulling
stuff and shoving it into a sack.

Emily: All right.

Brennan: He goes over, he find something, a bunch of stuff, rolls it up, puts
it into the lantern, covers it as it burns, it just burns a bunch of the
papers.

Siobhan: I would like to take some of this stuff as well so that we also have
proof of this stuff. I don't trust him to just—

Emily: Yes, I think we need some proof, but I also think we should destroy, I
don't-

Jet: Ciabatta, how do we destroy like this mold and this water?

Ruby: I think that that's very dangerous for us to do. I think that it's—

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Ciabatta: There will be an anonymous informant to the Imperial Guard tomorrow.

Jet: Okay.

Ciabatta: Imperial alchemists will come and safely dispose of this poisonous
material.

Jet: Okay.

Ciabatta: Alfredi was not a miracle worker, nor was she even truly a Primogen,
I believe. She was a very competent liar who knew how to flatter the right
people. (sighs) I will say this. There is something very bad here.

Brennan: Go ahead, each of you guys, and give me one last, what check am I
gonna ask for? You can give me Perception or Investigation, whichever you
prefer.

Emily: Okay, a 0 or a 1. 18?

Siobhan: I got a 14.

Brennan: Cool. With an 18, you see Ciabatta says,

Ciabatta: Alfredi was a master at the ancient Ceresian art of collecting
secrets. She had a lot of dirt on a lot of people.

Ruby: Blackmail.

Ciabatta: That is correct. This room is full of information about the crimes
people have done. The ability to destroy careers, to destroy lines and
legacies. To unmake people.

Jet: I think that we should collect all that information.

Brennan: He looks and says, and he gets sort of somber for a second and he
says,

Ciabatta: My homeland is full of honest and decent people. I know the notion
of Ceresians are not popular. That our peoples were at war for a long time. In
the times in history that Ceresia has allowed itself to be overcome by
flatterers and liars, and people who wheel and deal in secrets, the honesty
and decency of the common Ceresian has been made a laughingstock. Ceresians
need not a panel of liars and whisperers. They need a strong man, honest and
decent man.

Ruby: Or woman.

Ciabatta: Or a woman. Or—

Jet: Or a piece of spaghetti.

Ciabatta: Well, probably that either way, but yes. But a man, a woman, a
person that defies conventional categorization, that's all, all good. (makes a
double-handed salute)

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see he looks and says--

Siobhan: Can I do an Insight check for sarcasm?

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see he looks and says,

Ciabatta: Well it looks like this fiber at least has been pulled from the
nest.

Brennan: And he pats the satchel full of documents.

Emily: And all those documents are all the blackmail and stuff.

Brennan: He looks around and says,

Ciabatta: No. It is not all the blackmail. It is just the blackmail that was
keeping Ceresia from being free.

Emily: All right, I gotta look around for the Candia blackmail.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: If there is any.

Siobhan: Absolutely.

Brennan: You see that Ciabatta looks at you guys and says,

Ciabatta: There is the body outside, and—

Jet: [quietly] That guy was innocent, right?

Ciabatta: No, he was hired, he was a mercenary. He was sent here to guard this
place.

Jet: An innocent mercenary.

Ciabatta: There is no such thing.

Jet: Okay.

Brennan: You see he looks at you guys and says,

Ciabatta: You wish to find Candian blackmail.

Brennan: He's gonna give you another help action as you guys investigate. Go
ahead and give me an Investigation check.

Emily: 20.

Brennan: 20?

Emily: Not nat.

Brennan: Not nat. You don't find any Candian stuff here. Doesn't appear to be
any Candian blackmail at all. What you do find is some notes on Belizabeth
Brassica, the Pontifex.

Siobhan: Oh.

Emily: I'm gonna pocket those.

Brennan: You pocket them really quick. The two things you do as you scan those
documents that you see are a mention of two terms you don't understand, but
they are the Profidian Heresy and the Ramsian Doctrine. You guys finish up.
You guys give Ciabatta a hand, for like getting the room ready to sort of
conceal your presence here. You guys get back over the wall. And he actually
needs your help sort of like getting rid of the body.

Ruby: Ooh, I can't believe we're hiding our first body.

Jet: It's pretty cool.

Ruby: It's pretty cool.

Brennan: You see Ciabatta gets the body out in to the back, you see that he
looks around, and he takes a gladius out, carves off the guy's face, chops off
his fingers like a butcher going to work, puts the sword back, and you see
that he takes out the little tinder and just leaves a little burn on the side
of the bread and then quickly pats the flame out as the smoke kind of twirls
up. As it twirls up, you hear the cawing of some crows overhead in the night,
as he's just made a little scent go up into the air.

Ciabatta: Should have enough time left in the night to make short work of our
friend.

Brennan: He gets back over the wall with you guys, looks at you and says--

Jet: I guess we have secrets on each other now, huh?

Brennan: He says,

Ciabatta: You know, weaker things have been the basis of alliances in the past
than a shared secret.

Jet: All right.

Ciabatta: I don't have any faith or trust in spirits, be they in the ground or
in the sky. But I do have faith in people. Farewell, princesses.

Ruby: Farewell.

Jet: Farewell.

Ruby: He's cool.

Jet: He's pretty cool.

Ruby: Dude rules.

Jet: Dude rules.

Brennan: Ciabatta takes off.

Jet: I will remember you when I'm king.

Brennan: [laughs] Lapin arrives at the Cathedral of Saint Arugula, beautiful
green vegetable cathedral. You walk in, it's nighttime. You see the Pontifex
herself. Yes, you see the Pontifex herself. The Pontifex looks at you from her
throne up on the dais, the cathedral windows are glowing. You see that there
are priests milling around, some knights of the church. You approach with the
Archbishop Onionpatch, she looks at you and says,

Pontifex: Primogen Cadbury, approach.

Zac: Can I see, just painting a picture, these windows, can I see through them
or not, or like, what do I see in this?

Brennan: Stained glass, it's nighttime now, so all the white is like
torchlight of little sort of green vegetable oil candles burning.

Zac: Primogen Lapin approaches. Bows deeply.

Pontifex: Primogen Cadbury. From where does the strength of this church come?

Lapin: I would say that the strength of the church comes from the Bulb and the
very people that it shines on.

Pontifex: You are correct, Primogen. The Bulb and the people that it shines
on.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah.

(cast laughing)

Zac: Oh fuck. (cast laughing) Uh… 19. Just take stock of the whole situation.

Brennan: She is livid.

Zac: Hmm.

Brennan: She stands up on the throne and begins to walk slowly down the steps
towards you.

Pontifex: The belief of the people. People's faith in us is as ineffable and
ephemeral as the acts of the Bulb itself. Its presence is not seen on this
world. It shines from above, and though its light is everywhere, it cannot be
touched or felt. Such is the power of this church, Lapin. And if the people
see our Primogen marched through the street in manacles by common guard, do
you think their belief will stand?

Brennan: Smack across the face.

Pontifex: You call for this matter to be settled by the base low-born secular
guard of this Concord, in this licentious capital, where money and favors are
traded to and fro, this impious place. They watched one of ours brought low by
you.

Lapin: I apologize for making this situation, for doing something that makes
your life harder, makes the church's life harder, but I was given very little
choice.

Pontifex: Will you come to me, Lapin? Will you come to me, the church's law
would have seen Alfredi hanged. Our paladins, our priests, our courts, our
tribunals of monks and priests, this could have been handled inside the
church.

Lapin: You know what happened inside the church? Two of your very own people
tried to kill the King of Candia. And, please forgive me for saying this, but
I did not trust the inside of the church at this moment.

Pontifex: Lapin, you need to think very carefully about what it is that you're
saying right now. Are you a Candian, or a priest of the Bulbian Church first?
It can't be both. Do you swear your fealty to a mortal king, or to the eternal
Bulb above that judges us all?

Lapin: I of course swear to the Bulb.

Pontifex: [sighs] This mistake may still yet be ameliorated. Your befuddled
and foolish action may yet be smoothed over. The church's justice will be
administered, the Primogen and Sir Deeproot have already been remanded to our
custody, they will be dealt with internally. Their punishment will be public,
but the sentence will be private, as it should have been. [sighs]

Zac: Sentences, just, when you said the sentence, it means like—

Brennan: She just means the trial will be secret but they'll be hanged in
public. You see that she says,

Pontifex: Our clergy walks this land without weapons. We walk and are welcomed
everywhere, and that is because we maintain our station above all, present a
united and holy front. Matters like this threaten the very sanctity of the
church. I'll explain this, Lapin. Candia right now is not in good standing,
and as Primogen this should concern you and concern you deeply. We have reason
to believe that one of your envoy has engaged in witchcraft. There was an
incident on the road here to Comida. An issuing of a piece of witchcraft.
Ceresian soldiers spoke, believing the Princess Ruby to have engaged in
sorcery.

Lapin: So you're just trusting the word of a Ceresian soldier over a Primogen
of the church.

Pontifex: Of course not. I would never let a low-born soldier tell us that a
royal princess committed this act. However, when I witnessed with my own eyes
the son of the rebel traitor Joren Jawbreaker engage in magic during the grand
tournament, I put two and two together and realized that he was also
responsible for the spell cast on the road. He will be tried for witchcraft.

Zac: Do I know what the punishment for that would be?

Brennan: Death.

Zac: Hmm.

Lapin: When will this happen?

Pontifex: Right now.

Brennan: You hear the clanking of armor.

Pontifex: Primogen, as your Pontifex, I ask that you escort these knights of
the church to effect the arrest of Liam Wilhelmina of the House of Jawbreaker.
The souls of your very princesses depend on his malevolent influence and his
worship of the Hungry One being stopped at once.

Lapin: (takes a breath) As you see fit.

Pontifex: His trial will be held on the morrow. See to it.

Brennan: And you and these knights walk out of the cathedral. You guys head
out. The five of you guys get back to the quarters with Cruller first. What do
you guys do as you guys return?

Siobhan: We explain all the stuff that we can.

Emily: Yeah, I would like to show them the letter about Belizabeth Brassica,
and say,

Jet: Theobald, what is the Prophidian Heresy and the Ramsian Doctrine?

Murph: Would I know these?

Brennan: These are obscure pieces of religious lore. Anyone here can give me,
I'm gonna call it a DC 20 Religion check to know one or the other.

Siobhan: Can we look in Jet's banned books?

Emily: Oh yeah, can I search through my banned books?

Brennan: I'll let that, and familiars can't give advantage on this one. [to
Emily] You can roll with advantage 'cause of your banned books.

Emily: Okay. Come on.

Siobhan: Religion? Oh, I got a 19.

Murph: Only a 9.

Emily: 10.

Brennan: All right. But you guys arrive back at your quarters. But you're in
Comida, there's like, in the cathedral they would have records of it
somewhere, you could find it somewhere.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You guys get back to your quarters, I assume you guys tell--

Murph: Yeah, we also tell you guys about, that Annabelle asked that Stilton
Curdeau be...

Ruby: (gasps) Stilton Curdeau, who's the—

Brennan: The heir of House Bleu.

Ruby: The heir of House Bleu?

Jet: Stilton Curdeau is behind the assassination attempt.

Ruby: Yes, he was conspiring with Alfredo.

Theobald: Yes, well Captain Annabelle just made it possible for him to become
royalty.

Ruby: No!

Liam: What did we think the grain's big secret was? What was Ceresia's big
secret?

Amethar: Based on, I mean, from what you're saying, you know, I know the
history of like Pangranos already, based on what I know about Pangranos and
the way things go there, they are constantly oscillating between ineffective
democracy and a destructive imperatorship. Everything you're saying sounds
like he's gonna use those secrets to instate another imperatorship. You didn't
do anything wrong, that's Ceresia's business. But that's what I think his
goals are.

Ruby: Well, if he's gonna do that, at least he seems like--

Jet: He also killed an innocent person.

Ruby: I don't think he was innocent.

Amethar: I've killed a lot of innocent people.

Jet: Me too, I guess, yeah.

Amethar: Well, no, you haven't killed anybody innocent yet.

Jet: Thanks.

Amethar: But I mean, it sounds like--

Ruby: We're all innocent in the eyes of the Bulb.

Amethar: Okay. Okay, that's all right. But I mean, it sounds like also Lord
Bleu, I mean, you're saying he has ties to the church. Do you think that in
some way, maybe they expect him to be, they'll lift him, I mean, nobody's
gonna—

Jet: The church is probably going to nominate him to be the emperor.

Theobald: Based on all of the context we have right now, my guess would be
that they've taken someone who's ingrained in the church, and now they're
going to be able to, in some official capacity, be able to bring religion even
more into the government.

Jet: They're going to turn him into the emperor.

Amethar: I mean--

Theobald: There was mention that the Pontifex has the papers.

Amethar: I mean, yes, that's right.

Theobald: But King Amethar, your father is supposed to be--

Amethar: I’m supposed to be emperor.

Ruby: What, Pops? No way.

Amethar: Yeah. Everything should—

Calroy: Is this true? Congrats, Amethar!

Amethar: I mean--

Theobald: A handshake deal at the moment.

Amethar: A handshake, we're still--

Theobald: We're still waiting on the paperwork.

Amethar: I wasn't 100%, I mean, I literally was, every time people say it, I
freak out, so I don't—

Murph: Theo knocks on wood.

Emily: I'll start looking into four-bedrooms in Comida.

Brennan: You guys hear a knock at the door. (knocking)

(somber music)

Ally: Ah.

Emily: I'll answer it.

Brennan: The door opens, the Tartguard have all stepped to the side, there are
truly an enormous amount of knights out there, and you see at the front of
them is Lapin. You see that the lead knight looks over at you, Lapin, and
says,

Knight: My lord Primogen, do you wish to announce sentence, or do you wish to
announce arrest, or shall I?

Lapin: I can do it. Liam Wilhelmina, you are sentenced by the church—

Amethar: What the fuck?

Lapin: On the trial of witchcraft.

Amethar: The fuck?

Lou: I step forward in front of him.

Emily: Yeah, I step forward as well.

Amethar: I apologize, Lapin. Knights. I'm going to—

Brennan: All the knights kneel and bow to you. The knight on the ground looks
at you and says,

Knight: (deep voice, dignified) Your majesty King Amethar, we believe the very
souls of your daughters are in jeopardy. We have reason to believe, due to
reports given to the Pontifex herself, that Liam Wilhelmina has engaged in
witchcraft.

Ruby: Liam is merely very good at, uh, uh, alchemy.

Liam: Yeah.

Murph: Can I send a message to Lapin? I'm gonna cast Message, and I'm gonna
say,

Theobald: Is this something that, is this what you want?

Zac: I, uh.

Brennan: You can give me an Insight and a Religion check right now.

Zac: Okay. Insight check.

Murph: So I feel like Theo right now is torn, because a few days ago, he
would've been like, “you rabbit bastard,” but now he's like—

Zac: I rolled a 20.

Brennan: Insight is 20. You know that these knights are not here to murder
Liam. These knights, you're just reading their body language, they look like
they're here to escort him to a jail cell in the cathedral and guard him. Go
ahead and roll Religion.

Zac: 13.

Brennan: Cool. You think that there's a very high likelihood that if you
announce the arrest, and announce the trial as being public, because you're
the arresting Primogen, you can actually ensure that Liam is not like secreted
away somewhere. That you can make it a like public trial, that it would have
like, the emperor and other people at it.

Zac: “Yes, Liam has been,” wait, you're Messaging me?

Murph: Yeah, you can respond to me.

Lapin: It's not a very good situation, but I think he comes with us, that will
be the best, outside of openly fighting these soldiers and going to war with
the church right now, I think this will give us the best shot.

Jet: I volunteer myself for jury duty.

Ruby: Yes, I would also like to do jury duty. We're both 18.

Brennan: You see that the knight looks at you and says,

Knight: Your services will be required also as witnesses, Your Majesties. No
members of the church were present for the incident on the Sucrosi Road.

Jet: Oh.

Ruby: Oh.

Jet: Fantastic.

Ruby: Great.

Jet: I have very keen eyes.

Ruby: Yes, me too.

Ally: This is probably not a time for me to have a veil of shadows and silence
radiate from me.

Zac: Mmmmmm.

Siobhan: No.

Ally: Masking me and my companions from detection, right? Okay, great, I just
stand there very well seen.

Lou: How many?

Brennan: There's about 30 of them.

Emily: My hand is on my hilt, looking at my dad.

Lou: I look at Lapin, I say,

Amethar: He won't be harmed.

Liam: What?

Lapin: He will be judged as the Bulbian Church sees fit, in a public trial
where all can see the justice of the church.

Ruby: Don't worry, Liam, we're gonna be your witnesses.

Liam: What?! No!

Emily: What do I know about the history of the court in the Empire?

Murph: Yeah, do we have any context of like, do we know if Liam is totally
fucked if we—

Emily: I need to know—

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Religion or a History check.

Emily: (rolls) No. There's no point in my even saying.

Murph: Goddammit, 14.

Siobhan: I got a 15.

Zac: I'd like to ask just a question about like, could I defend him in public?

Brennan: That's really what it comes down to, is Liam would be fucked if he
was a commoner. Having a Primogen speak on his behalf means it will be a real
trial. There will have to be evidence, people will have to actually prove
something.

Zac: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: I look at Theobald.

Emily: My hand is on my hilt. Just joking.

Liam: I have to go to, where would I be going?

Lapin: You would have to go to a jail cell, I think.

Jet: If Liam spends the night in jail, so do I.

Ruby: And my bow.

Theobald: What if I were to relinquish my weapon and just be able to come
along. You could put me in a jail cell nearby. [gesturing to Liam] As ward of
Candia, I think our king would see this as a slap in the face to not have a
representative there.

Brennan: The knight looks at you and says,

Knight: If the good Sir Theobald wishes to give watch over the count, then
yes, that is completely acceptable.

Murph: Sweet, I slip Sprinkle to Jet.

Liam: Can I bring my pig to jail?

Murph laughs.

Brennan: You see the knight looks at you and says,

Knight: You are suspected of witchcraft. But yeah, sure, the pig's good.

(cast laughing)

Liam: Okay, come on.

Lou: I put my hand on the back of Liam's neck and I pull him, his face close
to mine.

Amethar: [whispering] You will not—

Liam: [whispering] Don't let them kill me.

Amethar: I will die before they kill you.

Liam: Okay, thank you.

Amethar: Yeah, you're welcome.

Ally: I'm holding the pig like this.

Brennan: Liam.

Emily: Looks like a child with--

Brennan: You spend the night in a cold jail cell with Sir Theobald watching
over you.

Liam: Oh, thank you.

Brennan: Food is brought by priests.

Ally: Is it any good?

Brennan: It's not bad, it's very humble. (cast laughing) It's very very
humble.

Murph: It's fine.

Brennan: It's fine. ...Early in the morning, you wake up, probably not gonna
be able to sleep very well, Sir Theobald, you're there as well. Did you sleep
during the night or no?

Murph: I probably tried to sleep for a bit.

Brennan: You and Preston could like--

Murph: Yeah, I think I want to, yeah, I think we're looking out, and I wanna
talk to Liam a little bit and just say,

Theobald: Just to be clear, what the king told you is true, we're not gonna
let anything happen to you. We're saving violence as the last resort, but if
it comes to that.

Brennan: You two hear mournful bells ring out from not only this cathedral
overhead, deafening you, but every church in the city, and as the rest of the
royal court of Candia awaken, the mourners pronounce the death of the
Concordant Emperor, Gustavo Uvano, who died in his sleep during the night.

Murph: Paperwork was not finalized, that's not good.

Ally: Oh. Wait, oh, his daughter.

Murph: Is not his heir.

Ally: Well, she was in the room, so would she be able to—

Siobhan: Maybe.

Murph: Perhaps. We can only hope.

Brennan: Candians. As you awaken, Amethar, first, the news as you awaken that
your old friend Gustavo has passed.

Lou: Can I go to the Pyramid?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Lou: Yeah, I run there.

Siobhan: We'll go with him.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You run to the Pyramid, you are escorted up, you see he's been
brought out, you see he's still in his bed, he's in a larger chamber now,
candles are lit. Plumbeline is at the foot of the bed weeping. Yeah, just like
hysterically weeping. And you see his tired face, he looks at peace. He died
with the last piece of knowledge that his empire that he spent his life
building is in good hands.

Lou: I step forward and put my hand on Plumbelina's shoulder, but don't speak.

Brennan: Her hand reaches up and touches your hand, and she looks up and says,

Plumbeline: (sighs) I will miss him so very much. Your Majesty, you will not
have to worry. If your offer is true and I am on your council, then I will do
my best to be a better shield than I was on the joust and protect you from
bureaucracy and the day-to-days of dealing with this empire as I can.

Amethar: Hey. I believe in you, as he believed in you.

Siobhan: Can I do an Insight check on her?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Siobhan: Great. Bah. 7.

Brennan: 7, she's covered in tears, her face is like, she just smiles up at
Amethar, and I mean, it's every fuckin' thing. She's like, got knocked off a
fuckin' horse yesterday.

Siobhan: Right, her dad just died.

Brennan: Her dad just fuckin' died, there's a lot going on.

Emily: If I had just a short rest, could I have spent all night looking for
the Prophidian Heresy and the Ramsian Doctrine?

Brennan: Yeah, if you just did a short rest, yeah, absolutely. Go ahead and
give me a Religion check, and you once again have advantage because you have
those banned books.

Emily: 12.

Brennan: You know what? You find a massive tome that has that stuff in it. But
you would have to not be a witness at Liam's trial to read it. So it's like
time is up and you have to kind of go, but you have a book with the stuff in
it, you just don't have time to read it.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Cool?

Lou: Yeah, and I think we head out from there and go straight to be literally
the first people to wherever.

Brennan: Cool. Plumbeline walks at your side and has her hand on your arm.

Amethar: You don't have to go, if you—

Brennan: She looks and says,

Plumbeline: I will remain at my father's side.

Brennan: And you see that she actually looks and sees her father and says,

Plumbeline: I have no more tears to shed. I don't want to wrinkle.

Brennan: You see she walks with you guys to the church, you guys get to the
cathedral. Liam is not in manacles or anything, this is like all nobility, no
one's being like, manhandled or marched around or anything like that. But Theo
and Liam come in and join you guys. You guys are seated at the front,
Plumbeline is there, a bunch of other people there, Commander Grissini's
there. The Pontifex stands up and speaks. You see that she says,

Pontifex: The matter of the trial of Liam Wilhelmina of House Jawbreaker was
scheduled for this morning, however, in the night, the Concordant Emperor
Gustavo Uvano passed away in his sleep. May he follow the light of the Bulb to
paradise and dwell in glory forever. Amen.

Ruby: Amen.

Brennan: The church echoes this sentiment.

Crowd: Amen.

Brennan: She looks out and says,

Pontifex: [sighs] As Pontifex, the emperor passed away prior to the completion
of the documents following the grand tournament, however, it is my
understanding that his wishes as to who should be named successor were made
known. If there are any here now who may speak as to the truth of these
claims, let them speak now.

Murph: I stand up.

Ally: I stand up.

Brennan: Cool. Theo stands up, Liam stands up. Everyone kinda cocks an eye at
Liam.

Liam: [loudly] Should I have not stood up?

Theobald: He was there. He's not lying.

Ruby: Pay a compliment.

Liam: You shine. Almost blinding.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Give me a Charisma check with advantage.

Ally: With advantage?

Brennan: Annabelle's advice was good.

Murph: All right.

Ally: Hey! 16.

Brennan: The Pontifex looks at you and goes,

Pontifex: Thank you.

Brennan: You see she looks and says,

Pontifex: Sir Theobald, you were present and heard the emperor's words.

Theobald: I recommended the good king myself.

Pontifex: I ask now if anyone, not your recommendation, Sir Theobald, if there
are any here who saw the emperor--

Lou: I cock my head to Plumbelina.

Brennan: She looks at you.

Emily: I knew she would fuckin' turn.

Brennan: You see that she turns and looks up at the Pontifex, and says,

Plumbeline: Your Holiness, my father, the Emperor Gustavo Uvano, named Senator
Ciabatta of Ceresia as Concordant Emperor.

Ruby: Liar!

Brennan: Gasps, gasps, gasps, gasps, gasps, gasps.

Ally: Is there a way for me to put Preston down and have him run to the
emperor's body and see if he was poisoned or anything—

Brennan: It's like a mile away. A different part of the city.

Ally: Preston can fly, but he would take some falling damage.

Brennan laughs.

Lou: I stand.

Amethar: I do not like that I have to do this, but I will. The Emperor Uvano
was my friend and ally, and I will not have his final words be misconstrued. I
was named. He asked of me to lead the Concord.

Brennan: A even greater gasp goes up—

Emily: Can I sneak to wherever the Emperor Ciabatta is staying?

Brennan: To Ciabatta? Ciabatta's not here right now. You see that the Pontifex
looks up. Anyone can roll an Insight check on the Pontifex, if you'd like.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: Can I do it?

Murph: 18.

Siobhan: 10.

Ally: 18, oh, sorry, Insight 19.

Brennan: Yeah, you're here.

Ally: 19.

Zac: Yeah, 18.

Siobhan: Oh, with help?

Brennan: No, not with help. Cool, you see the Pontifex looks confused and
startled. She regards Amethar, regards Plumbeline. She doesn't look too fondly
at Plumbeline, I'll be honest. She looks and says,

Pontifex: We have two competing claims as to the truth of the matter. It is
possible that in his addled state, the Emperor Gustavo may have accidentally
or through sickness named two successors in confusion. We have means of
determining the truth of these statements. We actually were already prepared
for a trial. Would the Lady Plumbeline consent to swearing upon the Holy Book
of Leaves, relic of Saint Citrina of Candia?

Brennan: And you see that one of the relics on the table is this glowing book.
Your sister's book that, wearing on it, it's like a magical item, it will like
compel truth. Plumbeline's eyes go wide. She says,

Plumbeline: [stone-faced] I submit to swearing upon the relic of Saint
Citrina.

Brennan: She looks over at you, Amethar, and says,

Pontifex: Your Majesty?

Amethar: It will be my honor.

Brennan: They present the relic.

Murph: Can I do a check to see if that is indeed the true, like I'll go up and
kind of join the king as they go up and investigate it.

Emily: While this is happening, do I have any idea where Ciabatta's staying?

Brennan: [to Murph] You can't walk past the first row of pews.

Murph: Got it, okay, so I'll just peek it. Fuck me. 11 Arcana.

Brennan: 11 Arcana.

Murph: Or 14 History.

Brennan: 14 History? You've seen Citrina's book before, that's Citrina's book.
It's the real relic, it's no double-whammy, it's no fuckin' thing.

Murph: [to Lou] Just tell the truth.

Zac: Could I make a check on that book, just to see if I can tell what the
magic is coming from?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Arcana check.

Zac: Nat 20.

Ally: No way.

Siobhan: Oh, man.

Brennan: You motherfucker. The magic of that book is coming directly from the
Bulb. I will give you more information as you continue to look at it. But the
magic of that book's coming from the Bulb. It is Citrina's actual book, it is
not a crazy portkey, it is not a thing that's gonna zap Amethar to death the
second he touches it. It is exactly what it looks like, and the magic is
coming from the Bulb. But you see a potential for you to look deeper into the
nature of the Bulb itself on a nat 20.

Zac: Okay, I continue to look at it.

Brennan: Cool. We're gonna do the other political stuff that's happening right
now, as you look on that nat 20. You see—

Emily: I'm gonna use this time to feverishly try to read my book.

Brennan: Cool. [pages rustle] Yeah, you're feverishly reading your book. The
Prophidian Heresy is a belief within the church that was popular for a time
that the Hungry One was as powerful as the Bulb. Eventually it was ruled not
part of church doctrine, but it was a theodicy. It was a way of explaining why
evil existed in the world, and there were some Bulbian priests that believed
that the Hungry One was as powerful as the Bulb. That's the Prophidian Heresy.
You see the Pontifex regards Plumbeline. She says,

Pontifex: Lady Plumbeline of House Uvano, did your father name Senator
Ciabatta successor to his throne?

Brennan: Her hand glows with golden light, she winces a little bit, and then
says,

Plumbeline: No, he did not. [lowers her eyes]

Brennan: Pontifex turns to you. Everyone make a Perception check.

Siobhan: 15?

Ally: 20, not nat.

Murph: I'm back to my old rolls.

Lou: Also 20, not nat.

Brennan: Amethar, you look over in a corner. The door is open to the jail cell
that Liam walked out of, because, it's been open because Liam and Theo walked
out of it. You glance down there. Hanging from a wall, like in shackles,
unconscious and tortured-looking, you just catch a glimpse through this like
slit, on a 20 DC, is Manta Ray Jack.

Siobhan: What the fuck?

Brennan: The Pontifex looks at you and says,

Pontifex: King Amethar of the House of Rocks. Who is your lawful wedded wife?

Ruby gasps. Amethar is speechless.

Pontifex: King Amethar of the House of Rocks, I put the question to you with
your hand on the Holy Book of Leaves, your sister's book. Who is your lawful
wedded wife?

Amethar: Though I am currently married to the Queen Caramelinda of Candia, I
was previously married to a woman of the Dairy Islands.

Pontifex: This marriage, it was performed by Father Belford Buttercream of the
Bulbian Church, is this correct?

Amethar: (whispering) How do you know that? (louder) Yes.

Pontifex: And this marriage, it was never annulled, this is correct?

Amethar: The war was a confusing time, and though the annulment was never
official, I believed...

Pontifex: I can imagine marrying a common milkmaid, the war, she moves, cannot
be found to annul the marriage. Rare that a prince marries a commoner. Still,
there is no Queen Caramelinda of House Rocks. You became an oathbreaker the
moment that you agreed to marry her. There has never been a marriage between
Caramelinda and House Rocks because you could not enter into that promise in
good faith. So indeed there is only Caramelinda of House Meringue, and her two
bastard daughters.

Ruby: [quietly] Call me that again.

Pontifex: I pronounce you false, an adulterer—

Amethar: Don’t.

Pontifex: And from this moment forward, you are [making the sign of the cross]
excommunicated-

Amethar: Stop.

Pontifex: From the Bulbian Church. As such, you may hold neither land nor
title. Archbishop, seeing that the King of Candia is no longer king, to who
does the crown of Candia belong?

Brennan: The archbishop pipes up and says,

Onionpatch: (quickly and nervously) Your Holiness, the crown, in this
instance, given that the daughters are bastards and Caramelinda of House
Merengue is no longer a member of the royal family, passes to Duke Joren
Jawbreaker, who is in open rebellion.

Brennan: The Pontifex says,

Pontifex: Then Candia has seceded from the Concord. Its alliance is broken, it
is at war with the Concord.

Amethar tries to form words.

Pontifex: Guards, seize them!

Amethar: No!

Ruby: Absolutely not!

Brennan: Roll initiative.

Emily: Ah!

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: Okay.

Siobhan: You son of a bitch.

Lou: What just happened!

Brennan: That's all for this week on A Crown of Candy. Tune in next week.

(dramatic music)

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 6: Chaos in the
Cathedral](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRSekQhblNWc_5UC9b5L5RXoQlS4uXy4drV0Mwe859llRmuxLXk88jLCFduLrt0DL1DTuK7EiywI-
Mq/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647622772829&usg=AOvVaw0h1o2TLcLxXryd-
uEfJ7Qx)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

[organ music]

Emily: I am just going to charge the Pontifex.

Ally: (laughs) I knew it!

Jet: It's a fucking war you want, it's a fucking war you got.

Brennan: You stab this poison dagger. Ha! Several priests who turn and smile
at you. Falls as pylons start to move through them.

Amethar: Take your sister and go.

Jet: You know I'm just gonna come running back.

Murph: Come on. Fuck!

Ally: We're absolutely fucked.

* * *

Captions extracted by matthew#2131

Edited by gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjozVbieAU_KVhGy91Tgf-3ABJAmnKV0FX7ugOXMQQPntwz1pChj64cA1gIuliRBVu4PeALeR5owMlOkRaL0:0)

Episode 6: Chaos in the Cathedral

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; and Zac Oyama as Chancellor Lapin Cadbury

Episode 6: Chaos in the Cathedral

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRk9VzEu7vMzhp7zKIHUoajaWlks_rLZMiDR-
RI0LJVzVf340kt0MKnBLZYDXUw-
O_k4xVtOv1vO1yb/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647625018029&usg=AOvVaw3fMUkoStnUIIF564jqKaE6)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRkPv69HhS08Fjf2dvwfXe3n6C_oue0S1Dd_4JWn56d1
---
2A_5TIrYfqoChAtnqPmD95CqriIH23IL/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647625018488&usg=AOvVaw3_AsHcs4eId2IngdPque9o)]
>

(dramatic music)

Brennan: Ready to play some D&D?

Murph: Set.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Let’s do it.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: I love you guys.

Lou: I love you.

Siobhan: You're the enemy.

Murph: Love you, hate you.

(solemn music)

Brennan: Welcome, one and all, to another exciting episode of A Crown of
Candy. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan, with me as always are our intrepid
heroes. Say "hi", intrepid heroes.

Everyone: (distinctly less excited than usual) Hi intrepid heroes!

Brennan: (flatly) Fun.

(chuckles)

Murph: We're having fun.

Siobhan: We’re having fun. We're having a good time.

Zac: We. Are. Having. Fun!

Ally: We're in a warehouse at 1:00 AM, playing this right now, I need you to
know that.

Emily: And yet at the same time, I wouldn't be anywhere else in the fucking
world right now!

Ally: Oh same! The freaking same!

Brennan: Last we left our intrepid heroes, they were in the cathedral of Saint
Arugula with King Amethar and Lady Plumbeline’s hand on the book of Saint
Citrina of Candia, which compelled him to tell the truth. Hinted at, long
before at the banquet on your arrival in Comida. Turns out, King Amethar did
(Manta Ray Jack voice) have a girl in the Dairy Islands stashed away. (normal
voice) More than have her, he married her! Catherine Ghee, a commoner, which
he told no one. In the back of the cathedral is Manta Ray Jack, in shackles
and compelled to speak the truth if the Pontifex asked clearly if King Amethar
was married still. And he was, and the marriage was never annulled, meaning
there was no binding marriage to Caramelinda. Jet and Ruby Rocks are indeed
bastards, unable to inherit land or title. And, after excommunicating King
Amethar for the sins of adultery and of deception, being an oathbreaker,
taking a false oath during his marriage to Caramelinda, Amethar also lost the
ability to hold land or title, meaning that the kingship, the Crown of Candia,
passed hundreds of miles away to Duke Joren Jawbreaker in open rebellion,
which means that Candia is immediately withdrawn from the Concord, and in fact
at war with the Concord. At that point, the Pontifex told the guards to seize
them. We will begin by saying we had some impressive rolls, there was some
knowledge we gleaned about the Prophidian Heresy and the Ramsian Doctrine,
which might not be super critical right now.

Emily: Not in my head right now!

Brennan: And Lapin got that nat 20 Arcana on the Bulb, which on your turn as a
free action, you may plumb the depths of that more to learn what you will.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: We will begin initiative with Jet. It is your turn, first.

Ally: Do you want us to move these away? (pointing at the cathedral’s walls)

Brennan: Yes, kindly take these away. And actually prior to Jet going: Oh
yeah, go ahead and remove those, thank you guys.

Siobhan: (to Emily) And remember to give me a bonus, if you—

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: Are these magnetized?

Siobhan: (to Emily) If you’re not using your bonus action. If we are next to
each other—

Lou: Wow.

Zac: Pretty incredible work.

Siobhan: (flatly) Yeah, really good.

Ally: Gorgeous work.

Zac: Magnets? Nice touch.

Siobhan: Very pretty.

Ally: (whistles)

Lou: Really though, I mean that.

Zac: It's awesome, it is genuinely awesome.

Siobhan: Yeah no, it’s really: It’s fucking awesome, as always!

Ally: Yeah. Really cool!

Siobhan: Oh, you didn't tell us what the poison water steel daggers do!

Brennan: Oh, yes, yes, yes. The water steel daggers, deal... There's three DC
15 Constitution saving throws you have to make, one creates a Silence effect,
another one gives the poisoned condition, to Candians it deals 8d6 damage
damage, to everybody else that would deal 4d6 damage.

Murph: Cool.

Emily: Would Sneak Attack apply to that as well?

Brennan: Oh, that's poison damage on top of sneak attack, correct.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: (whistles)

Brennan: Those are some hefty daggers. However, like the dagger that first
went into Amethar, they're like potions, once used, the water- The blade is
the poison and it goes into the wound to kill the target. So the dagger, once
used once, is no more. We're going to- Because it was not established in the
previous episode, we're going to figure out how attended the... previously
royal family is at this current moment. I would like- You guys- I will trust
that you guys- I will trust you to have known who you would travel with. Would
you be traveling with the Tartguard to the trial of Liam?

Emily: I mean, in fact they just kind of follow us.

Murph: I would think so-

Siobhan: Yeah, even if we didn't want them to be there.

Brennan: Go ahead Amethar, if you'd be so kind, and just roll a d8 for me.

Lou: (humming while rolling) 7.

Ally: Hey!

Emily: Nice.

Brennan: If you'd be so kind, go ahead and place 7 of these Tartguard around
you. It's all but one.

Emily: Yeah, they can just take up the second row.

Brennan: Lapin, would you have been sitting on the outside?

Zac: I’m trying to think of like— For the language of me like, bringing Liam
to court, does it make, Is there difference— does it make sense for me to
stand— It feels weird that I’d just be in a line—

Brennan: Actually I think Lapin, in all likelihood, you could be on the dais.

Zac: Cool.

Brennan: If you want.

Zac: (nodding) Lapin's on the dais.

Brennan: Lapin's on the dais, cool. Where would you like to be on the dais?

Zac: I think Lapin would be on the left side of the dais, if the Pontifex is
on the right.

Brennan: Cool, so like right here?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Great. Yeah, you're a Primogen of the Church, you’re there holding
court. Do you feel that any of your servants would be here or your other
attendants?

Zac: Cal seems like he would be there.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: Probably just Cal.

Emily: Yeah, probably just Cal.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: The Cruller guy?

Brennan: The Cruller guy.

Emily: Lord Cruller, seems to have hung out with us a bunch.

Zac: That's, yeah, Cal.

Emily: Oh, that's Cal?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Not Lord Swirlie.

Lou: No, I mean, if Lord Swirlie attended, it's by his own volition.

Emily: Yeah. Watch, Lord Swirlie is like, stacked.

Ally: Yeah we're going to end up realizing that was like the key to our—

Emily: (laughs)

Brennan: Actually, you know what I'm gonna do for this one? I'm gonna ask you
to- I'm going to have- I'm gonna ask you to roll the dice three times. You're
looking for 11 or higher, not 10 or lower. Amethar, you can roll.

Lou: Three times?

Brennan: Three times.

Lou: (rolling) 3. 9. 6.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: Neither Lord Cruller or Lady Donnetta nor Swirlie, the Lord and Lady
Swirlie, nor your attendants are here, they're all back dealing with the death
of the Emperor in the Great Pyramid of Food. Jet, you are first to act.

Emily: Oh, this is fucking awful. I don't think in good conscience I can be
strategic, because I think I would be very emotional right now. And so I think
I am just going to charge the Pontifex.

(laughs)

Ally: I knew it! I fucking knew it!

Zac: Of course.

Emily: And I think I'll-

Murph: Theo shits himself.

Emily: I'll just say,

Jet: I'd rather be a bastard than a fool who believes in a Bulb. If it's a
fucking war you want, it's a fucking war you got!

Emily: And I'm going to use my action to charge—

Brennan: Great.

Emily: Or use my movement to charge forward, I have a feeling there's gonna be
some opportunity attacks.

Brennan: There certainly will be. So—

Zac: If you go before anyone goes, will there?

Brennan: There is no surprise condition here for anyone involved. Everyone can
use reactions in the first round of combat. So Jet, what path are you taking
to get there?

Emily: I would like to just scoot past this guy and then come around here.

Brennan: Okay. We're gonna go-

Zac: You could stay within his reach.

Siobhan: Yeah, he's within: Yeah, you’re within his-

Brennan: Here's 5, 10. That's 10 there. And then you gonna go-

Emily: And then I wanna stay there-

Brennan: 15: In his reach? Okay.

Emily: Yeah and Sprinkle is coming with me.

Brennan: Okay. Sprinkle’s coming with, Sir Bonathan is going to take a swipe
at you to prevent you from leaving his threatened area.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Is that french fries?

Brennan: That's french fries.

Emily: I'm going to go ahead and you say: Okay, it's not within five feet of
me. Alright, I'll let them attack.

Ally: He is kinda within five feet of you.

Siobhan: He is 10 feet away.

Brennan: You take—

Murph: I'm going to use my reaction, to use my Swirlwarden and I jump forward,
and I do like a flicker of arcane magic and I turn to Jet and I go,

Theobald: Fuck the Bulb!

(Brennan laughs, impressed)

Jet: Fuck the Bulb!

Brennan: Incredible. So you instead are going to take 3 plus 3 is 6, back down
to 3 damage. That is—

Emily: I've continued my turn.

Brennan: You actually— he has a Sentinel-like ability. So even though the
damage has been prevented, he still hit you, which is what triggers—

Emily: Shield.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second, you cast Shield?

Emily: I cast Shield.

Brennan: You are prevented from— Or no, sorry, you successfully pass him.

Emily: Okay, so then I would like to continue and then hop up there.

Brennan: Okay, so you're gonna go then: So that's- Sorry, you were here,
right? So it's 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 and then you're gonna go—

Emily: Hop up here. (pointing to the dais)

Brennan: Okay, you're: So you want to go 5 feet? So you're 25 feet there.

Emily: You know what? I'll play it safe, I will Action Surge to get to her.

Brennan: Okay, you take an Action Surge, you're up in the box with her,
correct?

Emily: Yeah, and then I'm going to use: What's it called? Oh God, I'm so
nervous!

Murph: Dagger?

Emily: Yes, I'm going to use the water dagger and I'm just gonna take a help
action from Sprinkle. To have advantage or I can also do feinting. Yeah, you
know, I'm gonna do feinting attack.

Brennan: Excellent.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: Does a 24 hit?

Brennan: 24 hits.

Emily: Okay, I have- I don't think I have- Add sneak attack to this, but I do
4d6 ‘cause I use the water dagger.

Murph: Wait, why would you not add Sneak Attack?

Brennan: Do you have advantage on this roll?

Emily: Oh yeah!

Brennan: You add Sneak Attack.

Emily: So I add Sneak Attack and then I also add my superiority die.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Whoa!

Siobhan: Kill the Pope!

(Brennan laughs)

Emily: (counting) Okay. And then do I add my damage bonuses?

Brennan: Yeah, it's a normal attack. So it's a normal attack-

Emily: Is it a dagger or is it like Flickerish?

Brennan: It's not Flickerish, that's 1d4 plus your Dex modifier.

Emily: 28 damage.

Brennan: 28 damage.

Murph: You didn't even roll a- Oh, you did roll a d4?

Emily: Oh, there's d4 now?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: Yeah, it's a dagger, add the d4 too!

Siobhan: 1d4 plus 4.

Murph: Do that too.

Emily: Oh, so, what did I just say? I'm so nervous right now, I'm shaking,
what did I say?

Brennan: 28.

Murph: 28, and then add the d4.

Brennan and Emily: 30.

(intense music)

Brennan: Princess Jet of the House of Rocks bounces up. Theobald, you catch
the halberd that comes swinging for her-

Emily: I'm sorry, I actually used Sprinkle for the advantage, right?

Murph: No no, you feinted!

Brennan: You feinted, yes. I'm trying to think how much of a dick I wanna be
right now. I'm gonna say that you have— are ambidextrous and you have
Flickerish and the dagger in each hand, which is why you were able to use
Flickerish's shield ability even though you were attacking with the dagger,
cool?

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Is the one nice thing that he's gonna do for us all night, I hope it
was worth it.

(laughs)

Emily: And then I guess she just has to do those saving throws cause it's the
water dagger.

Brennan: She is gonna do those saving throws. Hold on one moment. Okay. (rolls
die) Success.

Emily: I'm sorry, I know this isn't strategic but I just-

Siobhan: No-

Murph: No, it’s-

Zac: What is the strategy?

Emily: I don't know what the strategy is, I just feel it would be-

Murph: I don’t know the strategy, there’s literally no strategy!

Brennan: It's a success. And she's going to burn through a legendary
resistance.

Siobhan: Fuck! Legendary action.

Ally: So she didn't take any of that damage?

Brennan: Oh no, she took all that damage. You, stab this poison dagger into
her side, the Pontifex screams, an act that no one here ever thought they
would live to see.

Jet: Bring it on bitches! House Rocks is strong. There is strength in
sweetness!

(laughs)

Theobald: Long live the King!

Brennan: That is going to be Amethar.

Lou: Perception check for exits?

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: (rolls die) Oh, I think 14.

Brennan: The doors behind you are massive, wooden iron-reinforced doors. You
hear the imperial guard locking them. There are windows everywhere. The
windows are reinforced with these smaller like stone columns and lateral like
cross: Stone crossbeams, the windows are easy to smash but not even Jet or
Ruby could fit through with those crossbeams there. If those crossbeams were
not there, they could fit through without having to roll, you and Theo would
probably have to find a way to roll to squeeze through, even if you were able
to smash the crossbeams out. Smashing out those stone crossbeams- On a 14, I'm
not going to say whether or not Amethar knows that's possible.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Sorry, where are the crossbeams?

Brennan: They are not here, and either- Is “nave” the correct word for this
area here? I don't know. But these little sort of side chapel areas with
votives and stuff like that- No windows here. Windows here on the side and
windows along these sides here.

Murph: Cool.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: Can I do: With a 14 Perception check, do the Tartguard still seem to be
with us?

Brennan: With a 14 Perception, the Tartguard seem as goofy as ever and look to
you for orders.

Lou: Great, I turn to them and say,

Amethar: Hold off the imperial soldiers!

Lou: And I'm going to— in terms of getting up to where Jet is, he has already
used his attack of opportunity?

Brennan: Bonathan has, yes.

Lou: If I go: Follow the same path that she did, will I provoke, do I leave
his threatened radius? Do I provoke an attack of opportunity?

Brennan: If you go (traces Amethar’s path) boom, boom— Yeah, there is a way
for you to get no attacks of opportunity from either Plumbeline or Bonathan.

Lou: Great, I would like to make my way up to there.

Brennan: So you're gonna go 5, 10, 15, that’s 20—

Lou: I have 40 feet of movement now.

Brennan: And where are you-

Lou: I would like to run up to Jet and throw her from the pulpit.

Zac: To where?

Lou: Toward the windows.

Jet: This is not your fight! Let the new King-

(chuckles)

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna say, go ahead, and I assume Jet is attempting to
resist? Or—

Emily: I think I would be confused and I would probably-

Lou: I look at Jet,

Amethar: (shakily) Please, do not die for me.

Emily: Okay, I let myself be thrown.

Brennan: But before we, I assume this is gonna be your action, to do this
throw?

Lou: Can I go into a rage right before?

Brennan: Right before? Yes, you can go into- I'm gonna say you go into a rage,
you can do it right there and not catch Theo or Jet.

Jet: If you throw me, you know I'm just gonna come running back.

Amethar: Please take your sister and go!

Jet: I can't walk away from this. What am I going home with?

Amethar: What then- What are you going to do?

Brennan: And it's happening, you're in a rage. I'm gonna say, you're very
strong and Jet is not too big. I'm going to say, go ahead and give me an
Athletics check. You get a 15, you can throw her 15 feet. If you beat a 20,
you can throw her up to her movement.

Lou: Great. Nat 20.

Murph claps.

Brennan: Pick any place in the cathedral.

(Ally laughs)

Jet: No, I wanna fight, I wanna fight! I have so much to bring to this fight!
I was made to fight, I'm not a spellcaster!

Lou: Can I throw her—

Jet: My value is in here, on the battlefield!

Lou: Can I throw her, I guess like to the back of the cathedral?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Zac: Can you go up a level?

Jet: There's no one there to even fight, all of my-

Brennan: I will say this, remember with your Perception check that she can't
get out, unless those stone crossbeams come out-

Lou: Alright, I throw her up to the second— can I throw her up to the second
level against those windows?

Brennan: Yes you can, right up here.

(dramatic music playing)

Brennan: Jet, as you land on that dais, you see crouched down loading
crossbows—

Emily: Fuck!

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: Several priests who turn and smile at you—

Emily: I smile and I say,

Jet: Thanks, Dad, it looks like you were looking out for me after all.

Lou: I turn to Theobald and I say,

Amethar: Get out of here!

Lou: And yeah. Is there a, can I move to the pulpit? Is that possible?

Brennan: Yeah, you have more movement, you can move right to the pulpit,
that's no problem. Okay, that's going to be-

Jet: You don't have to worry about me!

Ally: We're fucked. We're absolutely fucked.

Brennan: That's Amethar. Okay. One, two: Seeing Jet alight there, these guys
are all gonna take shots at Jet.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: They don't— they don't take shots with advantage, because they don't
have the high ground anymore. This guy, you're right here Jet, that guy— He's
gonna take out a dagger and swing at you.

Murph: You still have Shield.

Emily: Do I still have Shield?

Brennan: You do still; your AC is 23?

Emily: Yes.

Brennan: Jesus Christ. (rolls dice)

Siobhan: No.

Ally: I think those are just the other shooters.

Zac: I don't think that was damage dice.

Siobhan: Please don't kill my sister.

Ally: Do you need—

Siobhan: To beat a 23?

Brennan: On a Nat 20, you take 21 points of damage as one of them shoots you
in the back with a crossbow bolt. That's going to be: (rolls dice) 9 plus 4.
Does not hit. (rolls dice again) Okay, that's gonna be, one, two, three. Liam,
you take 4, 7, 9 points of damage from a crossbow bolt and Ruby, you take 9
points of damage from the crossbow bolt as well.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: And that is going to be Liam's turn.

Ally: Okay. I turn to this apple person, and speak in Fructerano and I say,

Liam: Are you all truly against us?

Brennan: You see that Lord Rufus Applebottom looks at you and says,

Applebottom: My good boy, you are no longer a part of the Concord. Even if I
wish to help, joining you would endanger my kingdom.

Liam: (sighs) And just 10 minutes ago we were.

Brennan: Arrows are actively hitting you in your body.

Ally: Interesting.

Theobald: Focus up, Liam!

Ally: When you put it like that! I am going to run here.

Brennan: Okay, you're gonna to run where, sorry. One, two—

Ally: Up to her.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: What does 30 feet look like?

Brennan: From where you are? You were like-

Siobhan: In a radius.

Brennan: Oh, 30 feet from right there is huge, hold on one second. 30 feet
from you is that big.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Murph: So what about to Jet? How far away is Jet from us?

Brennan: More than 30 feet.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: How far away is King Amethar?

Brennan: King Amethar is 35 feet away.

Ally: 35? Okay, then I'm gonna have to-

Zac: Step in front of him?

Ally: Jump on top of Theo and-

Brennan: You cannot occupy Theo's space and take an action.

Ally: Oh, right, okay, then I jump over Theo—

Murph: You can move through, right-

Brennan: You can move through, this is correct.

Ally: Great, then I'll just move right there.

Brennan: Sure, hold on one second. So you're starting: You're starting here,
right? You're gonna go 5, 10, 15, 20, which brings you right here, right?

Ally: Can I jump on top of that book? I'm trying to get 30 feet to include
Jet.

Brennan: Gotcha, yes, you can, Plumbeline is gonna get an attack opportunity
on you, real quick.

Murph: I look at her and I spit on the ground,

Theobald: You disgrace your father!

Emily: Oh, shit!

Ally: Oh, I can go up here then, right?

Theobald: You are a rotten, rotten fruit!

Ally: I can go, five, 10, 15, 20-

Brennan: 25, 30. Yep, you could, and you'll get no attack of opportunity.

Ally: I'll do that.

Brennan: But because you're changing elevation, I'm gonna need a DC 15
Acrobatics. Oh, you ignore difficult terrain?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Fuck yes, spry little Liam, go for it!

Ally: Cool and then I'm going to cast Pass Without a Trace again, on all of
us.

Brennan: Woooh!

Murph: Oh yes!

Siobhan: Sick!

Ally: And then as a bonus action, I am going to cast Hunter's Mark and make-

Brennan: Can't cast two spells in the same round.

Ally: Oh, yeah, gotcha. Okay, cool.

Zac: What would Pass Without a Trace do for the fight? Is it just for like-

Siobhan: For running away.

Murph: If we- Like, you can hide as actions. So like, if we get outside and
they're chasing us or something-

Zac: Cool.

Ally: So for, Preston's action, I'm gonna have him hide.

Brennan: Preston's gonna hide for his action? Okay. Hold one-

Siobhan: Preston can fly up to Jet? Help Jet out?

Emily: No, I don't want Preston getting hurt.

Siobhan: I don't want you getting hurt.

Emily: Well there's a, there’s people-

Ally: Well, now she has: Now she's like higher stealth, right? So wouldn't it
be harder to hit her? It’s not disadvantage?

Zac: It doesn't affect just hitting her or anything.

Siobhan: It doesn't affect hitting-

Murph: You need to hide to do that.

Ally: Ooh, gotcha.

Brennan: Now I will also remind you this is a concentration spell. Cool.

Ally: Cool.

Murph: Oh, no!

Brennan: Cool, so you cast Pass Without Trace and now Preston can also act on
your turn. So what is Preston going to do? Preston's gonna hide?

Ally: I don't think he could even get to Jet. It's only 40 feet for him to fly
and he has to like land somewhere, so he's just gonna hide.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: He could make it there if he moved. If he flew, if he did a double
move, but yeah.

Ally: Okay, yeah.

Brennan: So if he used his action to move, like, he could actually go 80 feet
and land because he can use his action to do a movement and has his regular
move there.

Zac: Get him up there!

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Put him right next to this guy in front of me.

Murph: Yeah, get him up there.

Brennan: So 80, yeah. So you see, guys, this fight breaks out, Liam leaps up
the dais, runs pass Lapin, jumps up onto the fucking dais.

Ally: You know what? Actually sorry, I'm just going to keep him with me cause
we have like a dual fight.

Emily: All right yeah,

Ally: So, well I'm just going to have him fly up. Just, is moving right there
and his action will be to hide under the table that I'm on.

Brennan: Cool, I am going to say this not to tell you what to do as a player,
but I'm going to say this to remind you that a lot of your class features
improve Preston's combat abilities. Now I think Preston is adorable and I want
him to survive too, as a participant in this show. Your character will be
wildly underpowered if Preston does not take actions in combat. That's a
decision that you are willing to make if that's your character's action. But I
want to share my understanding of the game's mechanics with you.

Ally: Got it. So he should probably attack with his turn. Preston goes for the
Fry guy.

Brennan: Oh shit, okay! Cool, curveball. Awesome. Preston has a coordinated
attack and can make a regular attack on his turn—

Ally: You know what? What if I just took all of this back and we didn't do
Pass Without a Trace and I just didn't attack. Does it feel like we even need
Pass Without a Trace? I thought it was giving us disadvantage on-

Murph: Concentration-

Siobhan: Yeah, if it's concentration-

Ally: If it’s concentration: I'm sorry for wasting everybody's time, I hope
this all stays in.

(laughs)

Siobhan: It's now three o'clock in the morning and we are in a warehouse.
They’ve kidnapped us, we are on an island, somebody come and save us please.

Ally: Is that okay?

Brennan: Yes. Let's— But this is—

Ally: This is the only Mulligan I will take the entire episode.

Brennan: Okay, gotcha.

Lou: But we've got a Mulligan most of the time.

(Brennan roars directly into the camera)

Siobhan: He loves it!

Ally: He loves Mulligan jokes, baby!

Brennan: That's the name! That’s the name at the end of my name. Great, what
is Liam going to do?

Ally: Okay, cutie. I'm surprised it finally came to me, I'm ready to talk. I
don't talk to the apple, why would I?

(laughs)

Ally: I look straight ahead and I attack that French Fry who's currently in
battle. I— Let's see. I walk up, I cast a Hunter's Mark on that person and I
hit him with my crossbow, which means a d10 and also a d6. (reading chart)
Extra d6 damage whenever I hit them with a weapon.

Brennan: Hell yeah!

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll. Just-

Ally: Roll attack?

Brennan: Roll your attack for your crossbow first.

Ally: Okay, got it. I'm going to- Oh it's- I get advantage on my first attack
of battle.

Brennan: Oh really? From your ranger ability?

Ally: Yeah, I don't know where it is, but it's definitely in here.

Brennan: Cool, dope, go for it! Yeah, take your attack.

Ally: Love it, okay. (rolls dice) Great, okay, so that is 20.

Brennan: You certainly hit.

Ally: Oh no, it's 24. Okay, so I hit, that's a d6 and d10, then I will be
doing: So that's 9 plus 6, that's 15 damage.

Brennan: Jesus!

Ally: And then Preston's gonna attack-

Murph: Kill this stupid fry!

Ally: And from where he is that is a... (reading sheet) charge!

Brennan: Oh shit! Yes, it is, that's a charge!

Ally: So do I roll for Preston?

Brennan: Yeah, Preston actually has to back up to get 20 feet, but he actually
has enough movement to do that. So he may make two attacks, yes. And what does
it say as part of his charge? He can charge-

Ally: That's an extra d6 to his—

Brennan: Cool, so go ahead and do your charge first.

Ally: Okay. Oh, that's only a 14,

Brennan: 14 misses but he has another attack with coordinated attack that he
can take. So you roll his second attack.

Ally: Ah, dang, that's a 10!

(epic music)

Brennan: You guys see Liam draws his crossbow and boom, sweet magic and a
smell of peppermint, frozen red and white energy swirls around and puts the
Hunter's Mark on Bonathan. Peppermint Preston goes (snorts), wiggles his butt,
backs up and hits the shield and bounces off, not injuring Bonathan but is now
in combat with him. You hear a voice say,

Keradin: Witch, is that the spell you cast on me? I will see it undone.

Brennan: And Sir Keradin Deeproot walks out of the shadows.

Siobhan: Bitch!

Brennan: He's going to go 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, here. (rolls dice) Sir Keradin walks
up and deals 31 points of damage to you (looking at Ally). And says,

Keradin: I know that the spell still lingers on me. Bulb, save me.

Brennan: (mimics attack) And this huge, green broccoli stem mace thuds into
your body twice. That is Sir Keradin's turn. That's the Tartguard baby!

Zac: Get in there, Tartguard!

Brennan: It's gonna go 5, 10, 20, 25, 30-

Murph: You brave fools!

Zac: Wrong way!

Brennan: 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. Well no, they were
given a command by their king to—

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. They all rush up there and take Dodge actions.
It's actually, no- Hold on.

Emily: It's gonna be so crazy cutting from our like, so distraught faces to
these very silly minis!

Brennan: I know. I know!

Siobhan: Oh, the irony!

Lou: They all have the cutest hats.

Siobhan: So delicious.

Emily: (laughs)

Brennan: What was your command you gave to them? Hold off the imperial guard?

Lou: Hold off the imperial guard.

Brennan: Okay, so hold off, they're gonna take Dodge actions.

Zac: We have to get up there.

Siobhan: So many people in this fucking church!

Emily: I have a plan.

Siobhan: I also have a plan.

Emily: Don't worry about me.

Zac: I think everyone needs to get up there.

Siobhan: I'm gonna worry about you.

Emily: Well, you can worry about me, but no one else needs to, I have a way to
get back down.

Murph: To get back down?!

Emily: To rejoin the group. At this point I wouldn't be disobeying my father,
I don't- I think my father- My father wished me up here, but I think now he
probably would-

Murph: He would like for you to get out of that window.

(moment of quiet; Zac laughs nervously)

Ally: All of us.

Emily: Oh, I have a fun idea, okay. I won't try to get back down guys.

Lou: Just imagining though an actual version of this, of what it would be like
to watch a bunch of sticks of bread cut into tarts and watch their gooey blood
flow soak into their clothes-

Brennan: Plumbeline whips out a knife and deals 30 points of damage to Sir
Theo on a nat 20.

Murph: Jesus, do I get -3?

Brennan: Yeah, 27.

Murph: (quietly) Asshole!

Ally: We’re all already looking pretty low! What are you at, Jet?

Emily: I'm at 24, but I have Second Wind.

Brennan: That's gonna be Lapin.

Zac: Lapin sees the good Paladin in front of him. Wonders how made he is at
this point. But we'll look over at the- Who's the- The name of the person from
The Meat Lands?

Brennan: Basha Myaso.

Zac: I'm gonna look over at Basha and quietly say,

Lapin: Wow, you're gonna let the King Amethar take all the glory of fighting
the Bulb. The Meat Lands will surely hear about this, how your cowardice kept
you from fighting.

Brennan: I'm gonna get the Box of Doom out.

(laughs)

Murph: That’d be extremely helpful.

Brennan: I'm gonna tell you right now, this is not gonna happen. Hit a nat 20.

Murph: Oh no!

Ally: Get her to fight for us guys!

Lou: This guy's a king.

Zac: Come on.

Emily: Come on!

Brennan: That’s a 7.

Ally: Oh!

Emily: I really thought this was gonna happen-

Zac: I don't even get advantage? Come on!

Brennan: You should feel great if I even give you\- You see that Basha looks
at you and says,

Basha Myaso: I think you know this, that I am a proud Bulbian. This has
nothing to do with the Meat Lands.

Siobhan: Weren’t you gonna tell him something about the book?

Brennan: On his turn.

Siobhan: On his turn?

(solemn music)

Brennan: Yes, it doesn't relate to the battle at hand, but you'd look into the
book in the Archbishop Onionpatch's hands and looking at the- It is a pure
Relic. It was the book of Saint Citrina, of Amethar's sister. It was held here
in the Great Cathedral of Comida, in the Concord that she helped found.
Looking at the book you feel its connection to the Bulb. You reach out and you
can get one of these on this turn, the other on your next turn. Do you wanna
know something about the Bulb or do you wanna know something about the
relationship the Bulb has with people? So it's gonna be something intrinsic
about it or something about the people.

Zac: I guess the- how it relates to people.

Brennan: Okay. You look in that moment, see the Relic, see the magic that the
Pontifex is wielding. You see that she has magic as well. You know with
unshakable certainty that the Bulb is not a different kind of entity than The
Sugar-Plum Fairy, you know that she is a warlock like you, the Pontifex, and
that the Bulb is her patron and that the difference between a cleric and a
warlock is nothing. You understand it fundamentally in this moment, whether
people call themselves warlocks or clerics is a matter of a style, some types
of abilities and fundamentally the same relationship. That's all for free. You
have your action, bonus action movement.

Zac: Can I ask a question about Fly?

Brennan: Yep.

Zac: Could I carry anyone with Fly or is it just myself?

Brennan: I will literally look up the encumbrance rules right now and see what
you can carry.

Murph: You could grab Preston and then I could grab Liam.

Emily: Preston can fly-

Zac: Preston can fly already-

Murph: On his turn. These people are- We're getting shot for like 30 damage a
turn, Liam may last until next turn.

Zac: Well, is everyone gonna last until next turn? Or?

Murph: I got a crit on and it did half my damage.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm already-

Murph: Everybody on the ground needs to get the fuck out of there.

Ally: Yeah, I'm at 6 points.

Emily: That is true, you guys do need to get out.

Murph: We all need to get-

Emily: Guys come join me on the balcony.

Murph: I'm gonna join everybody through the window.

Brennan: You could carry the princesses. You could not carry Theo or Amethar.

Zac: Can I carry Liam?

Brennan: If he drops the pack, yeah. If he drops the giant backpack he's
carrying.

Lapin: Liam, that backpack!

Liam: Just a bunch of flowers in here!

Lapin: Flowers?!

Emily: (laughs)

Zac: I will step forward and cast Fly on Theo.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Alright? I can- If I gave you the ability to fly you could probably-
Your-

Murph: Theo is touched.

Theobald: Thank you, Chancellor.

Zac: And then how much health does everyone have?

Siobhan: I’m at 28.

Murph: I'm at 35.

Emily: I do have Second Wind, though.

Ally: 6.

Zac: 6?

Murph: I'm totally fine.

Zac: So Lapin is going to step forward, cast Fly on Theobald and then walk
over and stand in front of Liam, get in the way of him and the Paladin and as
a bonus action heal Liam for 2d6.

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: For 4.

Ally: Thank you!

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: Hell yes.

Theobald: I misjudged you, Chancellor!

Lapin: Oh shut up.

(laughs)

Lou: Wow.

Brennan: I actually will need two Constitution saving throws, each DC 10 from
Liam to hold onto Hunter's Marks. He's got to get- to give me two Constitution
saving throws to hold onto Hunter's mark.

Ally: Sure. (rolls dice) One went through. DC 10?

Brennan: Add your constitution saving throw. Plus what? +4 both passed,

you hold onto the spell. Great, so that's Lapin. You heal Liam, you cast Fly
on Theobald, are you doing anything to disguise your spell casting?

Zac: No. (chuckles)

Brennan: Yeah, cool, you do your fucking magic.

Lapin: (to Keradin) I thought I kicked your ass earlier.

(laughs)

Brennan: Hell, yes.

Zac: It's done, right? It's done.

Brennan: It's done. Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: Okay. Are there windows up here?

Brennan: Yup, there're windows up here.

Siobhan: No no no, up here?

Brennan: There are no windows here. This is solid, windows are only here and
here. And then on the back.

Siobhan: Ahhh, God! I'd like to use my cunning action disengage to get onto
the stage.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Which is 35 movement.

Brennan: So it's gonna be- So you're here, so it's gonna be 5, 10, 15, 20.

Siobhan: And then up onto the altar.

Brennan: 25\. Give me an Acrobatics DC 15 to ignore the level.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, great. So that's gonna be- 15, you get up there, that's 25 feet
of movement, you're right there.

Siobhan: And then I would like to shoot at the Pontifex.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ruby: For my sister!

Jet: Fuck her up!

Siobhan: That is a 24.

Brennan: 24 hits.

Siobhan: And I'd like to use my Grasping Arrow ability.

Brennan: Absolutely.

Siobhan: So, because- This is so many d6. So, it's 1d6 from there and then 2d6
from the Grasping Arrow and then 3d6 from Sneak Attack.

Brennan: Jesus!

Siobhan: I would love to borrow some d6. Thank you so much my sister!

Emily: Of course, my sister.

Siobhan: (rolls dice) Okay.

Murph: Nice!

Siobhan: 6, 10, 20, 23, 28. 28 damage.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: Jesus!

Emily: Yeah! Oh my God, did we do the same amount of damage? I think we did.

Brennan: You're within 2 points of each other.

Siobhan: And that's- so that's to the- it's poison damage and, so I reduce,
speed is reduced by 10 feet and takes 2d6 slashing damage the first time on
each turn that she moves one foot or more without teleporting.

Ally: Alright, cool!

Siobhan: I also say,

Ruby: Try and ban this magic!

(laughs)

Brennan: (Mimics attack) Screaming green sugary arrow flashes across the
veggie cathedral, slams through the Pontifex and a green syrup surrounds. Did
she make any saving throws against that? No, right?

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: Not at all.

Siobhan: No, you can't save shit!

Brennan: Incredible, that's going to be- (rolls dice) Theo that's you.

Murph: Oh my God. So it was a while ago, but you- King Amethar told me to run,
I look up at him. And

Theobald: Is this your command?

Amethar: Take my daughters and leave this place.

Murph: I'm going to- What is my movement with Fly?

Zac: 60 feet,

Murph: 60 feet, damn! Sweet.

Zac: Get her!

Murph: First thing I'm gonna do is— how far is the ledge up here?

Brennan: The ledge is— the ledge is about 45 feet away from you.

Murph: Sweet. Okay, I'm gonna have Sprinkle dink down to me.

Brennan: Okay, dinks.

Murph: And so Sprinkle gets down to me,I’m gonna run, I'm gonna scoop Liam.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: And use my movement to fly up here.

Brennan: Yes and Fly gives you a speed of 60, correct?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Okay, so you're gonna go-

Murph: Can I grab Preston too?

Brennan: Yes, I will say that you can grab Preston as well.

Murph: Preston under one arm, Liam under the other one.

Brennan: Well, you go- So you're here, you go, 5, you… Go ahead, I'm just

gonna ask for a DC 5 Athletics check to grab each of these guys. Just don’t
roll a 1.

Murph: Okay, can Sprinkle help me?

Brennan: If this is where you want Sprinkle’s help action to be, yes.

Murph: Okay, I'll just do it without Sprinkle. (rolls die) I got a 10.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Oh, thank God!

Lou: (fanning himself) Don’t make faces like that!

Murph: I rolled a nat 3. It was bad, luckily I’m proficient in—

Brennan: 5, so 10- Liam. Your strength is crazy, but you're also wearing very
heavy armor. So just give me an Athletics check 10 to get Liam as well.

Murph rolls his check. It spends a while just lurching around his dice box
before settling.

Murph: That was fucking dramatic, it rolled for so long.

Ally: Oh my God!

Murph: 19.

Lou: Murph, I cannot see the dice.

Ally: So it truly was like (mimics die rolling) 2, 1, 3—

Brennan: 10? Okay, so that's 10 and then you're going to go-

Murph: Fly up to the ledge.

Brennan: And that is exactly 50, so it’s just all- So that's your movement to
just get right up here. You've got Liam-

Murph: I guess Liam-

Brennan: So people watch an armored Gummy Bear fly up to the balcony.

Murph: Giving the finger to everyone,

Theobald: (giving the finger) Long live the Sweetening Path!

Emily: Yeah! I have a book about that!

Murph: And then, I'm going to use bonus action Second Wind.

Zac: Can you still attack, too?

Murph: I, yeah- Oh my God, terrible, okay. I get back just 5, then I'm going
to use a dash action to fly back down to Ruby.

Brennan: Okay. This guy's going to get a swing on you, just as an attack of
opportunity.

Murph: That's fine.

Brennan: He rolls a natural 1, embarrasses himself, shits himself.

(cast laughs)

Brennan: Flies. And you fly back down. Where do you wanna be next to Ruby?

Murph: I want to like, scoop her and fly, I'm gonna use Action Surge to fly
her back.

Brennan: Oh shit, okay. So you're taking a- you pick them up, moved and now
you're taking a dash action using your action. So that gets you 30 feet. You—

Murph: So that's one, just, round and then I get Action Surge.

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: So that I can go again.

Brennan: Actually from where you are, you can drop- Wait a minute minute- It's
only 30 feet to Ruby and 30 feet back.

Murph: Sweet, so I'll just use dash.

Brennan: So you use dash.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: So you've just used a movement and dash and you haven't used your
Action Surge yet. Just again, give me a DC 5 athletics. Just don't roll a 1.

Murph: Okay! 1. Can I use Sprinkle?

Emily: Action Surge!

Brennan: Can you- Sprinkle, can give you the help action. Actually? That nat
1, is a nat 1.

Murph: Alright.

Brennan: I'm gonna say that you can use your Action Surge to get Ruby back up
there.

Murph: Alright, I'll use Action Surge.

Brennan: Give me another roll.

Murph: This time I'm gonna use Sprinkle.

(laughs)

Murph: I'm not fucking around this time. (rolls dice) Okay.

Ally: Yeah, there those numbers are! A 19 and an 18?

Murph: 29.

Zac: Can you still attack now?

Murph: I don't-

Brennan: No you cannot attack now but Theobald-

Jet: Everyone's safe.

Brennan: In a—

Jet: Except for daddy!

(upbeat music)

Ally: And Lapin!

Emily: And Lapin?!

Brennan: You guys hear a reverberating (boinging noise), as a flying Gummy
Knight literally makes a tornado of saving children. Just a- (mimics motion)
Grabs Liam, grabs Ruby in a swirl. The pages of the books, the candles are put
out, pages rip and fly everywhere, as the cathedral is smelled with the
comforting, warm, artificial saccharine smells of gummy candy.

Jet: This is why I would have nominated you for emperor!

Theobald: Appreciate it, I think we're off the table.

Murph: I'm actually, as an Action Surge I get— do I get one more bonus action?

Brennan: You only get one bonus action if you action surge.

Murph: Got it, okay. So I’ve already used it to-

Brennan: Do Second Wind.

Murph: Got it, cool.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Can I get us like, up against the window? Like, I might-

Brennan: No that's literally- It’s using-

Murph: Literally I can get up to the ledge, okay.

Brennan: Oh, actually no, cause you Action Surged to move, right?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: You can get up against the window, yeah.

Murph: Yeah, I'd like to bring Ruby back there and get everybody kinda back—

Siobhan: (to Lou and Zac) I know, it’s fine, he can fly.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: I would think I'd moved them back if possible?

Brennan: I think that was your turn-

Murph: All right, I'll stay up front then, I don't want Liam to take all the
shots.

Brennan: Oh, are you gonna be right here?

Murph: Yeah, just put me in front.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: I smile up at Theobald.

(chuckles)

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Sprinkle, get up there, dude! Get out of there! Sprinkle, run!

Emily: Save yourself!

Brennan: Okay. The Pontifex casts a spell. She just closes her hand in silent
prayer and prays as King Amethar looms over her. That's going to be— That's
the Pontifex's turn.

Siobhan: What did she do?

Brennan: One, this guy is gonna go here, two. This guy is gonna jump up here.
Three and four. Okay, that's going to now be some attacks with disadvantage on
Amethar from all the Knights surrounding him.

(dramatic, ominous music)

Brennan: (rolls dice) Okay, one of these knights hits you for 9 points of
damage halved to 4. And I'm gonna need you to make a Strength saving throw,
you will make this with advantage. Sorry, a Dex saving throw, you will also
make this with advantage.

Lou: That's gonna be 8.

Brennan: Your speed is reduced to 0 and the Pontifex is going to move out of
the box, 5—

Murph: Takes 2d6 of damage.

Brennan: Yeah, takes- Go ahead and roll 2d6.

Siobhan: That's a 10.

Brennan: Nice roll. It's going to go—

Emily: Your speed is reduced to 0?

Brennan: 5, that's 15,

Siobhan: And she has -10 speed. She can only 20.

Brennan: She can only do 20?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Or minus 10 from what her normal is.

Brennan: So she makes it right there, Amethar, you do get an attack of
opportunity, but I will need you to make a Wisdom saving throw, before you can
take it.

Lou: That's gonna be 18.

Brennan: She swings past you down the stairs going,

Pontifex: Bulb protect me, Bulb protect me.

Brennan: And you can feel the light growing in the church, but it is not a
powerful enough light to stop you from taking a swing if you would like.

Lou: Great, I would love to. That's gonna be 18.

Brennan: 18, exactly hits.

Lou: That's 2d6

Brennan: Plus 9.

Lou: She hasn’t hurt me I think, right? Great. That's gonna be a 9 plus 9, 18.

Brennan: Great, that's the Pontifex, the Knights have all gone as well. Cool.

(suspenseful music as Brennan begins to move the Tartguard minis)

Murph: My brave Tarts!

Emily: We are so solemn, it's just gonna cut to them and their insane faces.

Lou: Just, slowly getting-

Theobald: Tickle them! Tickle them with all your heart!

Lou: I don't think they all have their blunt swords today.

Theobald: Bards will sing of how you tickle this day.

Emily: You shall be dancing with The Sugar-Plum Fairy tonight.

Brennan: Hold on one second, let me just- I'm going to expedite this. I'm not
gonna roll their damage, I'm just gonna average it. (rolls dice) Constano
steps forward, look of grim determination on his face, spears the first
Tartguard through the chest, drops him—

Lou: Winsey!

Brennan: We're gonna do six attacks here. (rolls dice) Okay, it’s four that
hit, it's two that hit. Falls, falls and then right here, hold on a sec,
falls, as pilums start to move through them. Five of The Tartguard fall,
they're gonna take the rest of their movement up the center. It's 10, move to
here as men will start to step over the bodies of these Tartguard here. That
is going to be back to top of the order, Jet, that's you.

Emily: Okay, I would like to jump up on the banister, behind this guy that I'm
already near. And from there I'd like to attack him.

Brennan: This guy right here?

Emily: Yeah, so I'd just like to jump up on the banister right behind you.

Brennan: Trying to get advantage, that's-

Emily: I'm actually not trying to get advantage, but if I can get advantage,
that'd be cool.

Brennan: Give me a DC 20 Acrobatics. If you fail— if you don't manage to get a
10 you're gonna fall, this is the mid-railing,

Murph: Please don't die.

Emily: If I don't manage to get a 10 that's fine. 17.

Brennan: Cool, so you don't- You don't get the 20 to just land up there, but
you like- You don't plummet off the edge, so you're still standing here next
to him on the—

Emily: Still standing here next to him? Fuck! Are there windows on this side?

Brennan: On the side here? Yes, there are-

Emily: There are?

Brennan: Right here on this level, there are windows, yeah.

Emily: Okay, then, okay, you’re- Amethar, you still have 0 speed, is that
correct?

Lou: I don't have-

Murph: Don't worry about it. I'll grab them.

Emily: (to Murph) No, just— Does Amethar have zero speed?

Brennan: Amethar will have his speed returned to him at the beginning of his
turn.

Emily: Okay, but he doesn’t- So he can't still use his speed right now. Okay,
then I'm gonna let this- I'm gonna run past this person and attack this guy.
The one who is right over there.

Brennan: This guy right here?

Emily: Yes.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I would like to go and attack him.

Brennan: You do not trigger any attacks of opportunity. You go right here and
you can attack him.

Emily: Yes, okay.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Please hit, please hit! Does a fucking 12 hit?

Brennan: 12 hits!

Emily: Yes, oh, fuck yes. I'm gonna do,

Brennan: These are just guys in robes, they're not-

Emily: I'm gonna do a superiority attack to— And I'm gonna do pushing attack
and I'm gonna push him through the window. It pushes him 15 feet from me.

Brennan: You can break the glass normally with that— As I said before, I want
to be really clear with this, 'cause this is life or death.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Breaking these stone barriers is a near impossible feat of strength.
Nobody's body is small enough to move through that unless these crossbeams are
broken. So you can't push-

Emily: That's what I'm trying, I just figured his body would maybe cause more
damage than if I just attacked it.

Brennan: With a pushing attack, I will say that's like Athletics, so it is a-
The problem is that it's not just a pure Strength. It's you need to deal
damage. I'll actually- Just 'cause I want this to be as clear as possible,
there is a damage threshold on the stone crossbeams. You need to do a minimum
of 20 damage in a single hit to even damage the stone. Anything less than that
and the stone is undamaged. Now, I will say this is a very cool move, I will
let you push him and try to get him through the window and at least break the
glass. If you hit a nat 20 in the Box of Doom I'll let you break the stone.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Alright? If you- Unless you wanna change your plan, but if you hit a
nat 20- Otherwise it's just the attack. You could also push him off the
balcony with that pushing attack.

Emily: I know, I just thought maybe I would kill two birds with one stone.

Murph: You can break the window, it might be-

Brennan: Breaking the stone is not an easily done thing. It is actually a
dramatically impossible thing. There is a lot that has to go right for the
stone to break. 20 point of damage, not over the course of a round, in a
single attack to even do 1 point of damage.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Emily: All right, fuck, I'll push him off the balcony.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and roll your damage. Does he make a save or anything?

Emily: (rolls dice) Yeah, he has to make a 15. I only hit him- Oh my God, I
rolled so bad. I only hit him for 10.

Brennan: You hit him for 10 and he takes 8 more on the way down.

Emily: Bye bitch!

Brennan: Hits the bottom here, bam. He takes 18 points of damage that round as
your rapier moves out and sends him toppling- Like the point at his neck sends
him back over the railing. (screaming) You hear him thud into the ground. That
is going to be- That's Jet, that's your action. Any bonus actions, anything
else?

Emily: A bonus action. Yeah, I don't think I have any bonus actions I can do
right now.

Brennan: No worries.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Amethar that's you.

Lou: Can I leap from the pulpit over the gentlemen below to tackle the
Pontifex?

Brennan: If you get to the Pontifex you will have the potential for two of
these guys to use their reactions to hit you.

Lou: While I'm jumping?

Brennan: While you're jumping, yes.

Lou: Okay, that's fine.

Brennan: Okay. (rolls dice) One of them hits for 5 points of damage halved to
2, I'm gonna need a Strength saving throw. Sorry, Dexterity saving throw.

Lou: That's gonna be 18.

Brennan: Great, you take damage, sail over here and you can tackle the
Pontifex.

Lou: I’d like to grapple her.

Brennan: Excellent, go ahead and make opposed athletics.

Lou: Do I do this with advantage?

Zac: Athletics?

Brennan: Yes, we’re gonna say, right now you need a 20.

Lou: I got it. 17 plus 8.

Brennan: Incredible, okay. You see- You use one attack to grapple the- She is
grappled.

Lou: Great. I hold her and I look at Deeproot and then to this guy and then up
to the archers and I scream out,

(dramatic music)

Amethar: (gasping) I have your leader! (breathes heavily) Will you not defend
her?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and give me an Intimidate check.

Lou: Okay. (rolls dice) Damn, 9.

Brennan: They can hear your panic.

Lou: Great, then I'll, reckless attack her.

Emily: Yeah,

Brennan: Go ahead and take your attack.

Lou: That's gonna be plus— Over 20.

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: Alright, that’s with advantage?

Brennan: That's-

Lou: That's just me, it's the same stuff.

Siobhan: Didn't she hurt you last attack?

Lou: No she—

Siobhan: She did a spell?

Lou: 5 plus 9, 14.

Brennan: Jesus! The Pontifex is covered in green blood, screaming for her
life. It looks just about as bad as it can be for her. That's going to be-

Emily: All the Rocks family's gotten a shot in at her. Yeah pops!

Lou: Get outta here.

Emily: Not without you!

Brennan: That's Amethar, you take your attack, your movement. Any bonus
actions?

Lou: I'll slam the ground.

Brennan: The Holy Scriptures erupt into flame and all those knights take 2
damage.

Lou: 3 damage now.

Brennan: Oh, 3 damage.

Zac: Including her!

Siobhan: and the Pontifex.

Brennan: And the Pontifex, incredible. That's going to be these guys since,

Zac: Can they all see on that? Can they see the back?... Never mind, never
mind.

Brennan: These guys are going to turn towards Amethar, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7.

Emily: Wait, so if that guy's turning away from me, do I get like an attack of
opportunity?

Brennan: Nope.

Emily: Because I feel like I should, maybe.

(chuckles)

Emily: Seems like narratively what would happen.

(dramatic music)

Zac: Narratively, they all die, right?

Emily: I feel like that’s like- My character would do that.

Lou: And you like kick the back of his knees and he like- (motions someone
falling forward)

Emily: (laughs) Oh, we got fucking Lapin down there too.

Ally: Yeah exactly.

Zac: Don't worry.

Lou: Lapin's always got a trick up his sleeve.

Brennan: (quietly counting dice) Okay, that’s gonna be five hits.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: Hold on, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. 1, 2, 3. (grabs and begins to shake a
truly massive amount of dice)

Murph: (whispering) Fuck.

Emily: I don't like the way that sounds. That sounds like a fucking box of
tictacs.

Ally: It was two hands full.

Lou: Yeah. Yeah!

Brennan: 9, 14, 17, 23, 26, 32, 35, 47, 53 plus 10 is 63, halved to 31 points
of damage.

Lou: Great. Fantastic.

Emily: Oh, my pops is strong.

Lou: 23.

Brennan: Onion’s gonna go 2, 3, 6, he's going to wrap- He's gonna make an
Athletics check. Wraps his arms around the Pontifex. And is gonna make, you're
still grappling her.

Lou: Right.

Brennan: So he's going to make an opposed—

Lou: Against me?

Brennan: Check with you. You've got to beat a 17.

Lou: You have advantage on Strength checks.

Brennan: And he just rolled advantage.

Lou: I do, I- It’s not +2, no, it’s just 16, I think.

Brennan: This scrawny priest- As you- You let go of her to- Actually, your
grapple actually automatically ends anyway, I realized, as you take an attack
so he grabs her and is gonna take his action to dash and carry her 5, 10, 15,
20, and moves her over here.

Zac: Do I get an attack on her?

Brennan: No. You're not gonna get an attack on her because she's being moved.
She's not moving on her own volition. That's going to be- Liam, that's you.

Ally: Can I use my coordinated attack with Preston to try to hit the DC that
you have for the windows together?

Brennan: Can use Preston to help.

Zac: You all can fit through the windows, right?

Brennan: No, I have to explain this again. Nobody can fit through the windows
unless the stone is broken.

Ally: And the stone is broken, as a DC- You have to deal 20- At least 20
damage.

Brennan: In a single attack.

Ally: So I'm saying with coordinated attack with me and Preston attacking-

Brennan: They're separate attacks, it's— Yeah, it’s separate.

Murph: What is the roof made of? Is that even—

Brennan: Stone.

Murph: So all of it's stone?

Brennan: All is stone. The weakest points of stone are these crossbars in the
windows. So it's either hitting a nat 20 on an Athletics check or it's finding
a way to deal 20 points of damage in a single attack.

Murph: Cool.

Ally: Okay, Preston is gonna attack first.

Murph: (To Emily) Sprinkle.

Ally: Actually, you know what? Me and Preston are gonna run up to the window,
he's going to use the help action, I'm going to try to hit a nat 20.

Brennan: I'm gonna get the Box of Doom out.

Murph: Yeah, do it.

Emily: Oh, yes.

Ally: All right Preston! (rolls dice) Fuck!

Brennan: Two 16s.

Ally: Okay!

Brennan: So that's Preston taking the help action for you to try to break one
of these windows. Which of these windows are you trying to break?

Ally: The one over there by Jet.

Brennan: Okay, this one, right up- This one right here or?

Ally: Just on the side, yeah.

Brennan: On the side? Cool. Awesome, you rush over here with Preston there to
help you.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Keradin is going to unleash on Lapin.

(tense music)

Brennan: (rolls dice) Lapin, at first- You take 9, 18 damage from the first
attack. 5, 9, 14 from the next one, so 18 and 14. And then from last one you
take 6, 14, 19 points of damage from the last one.

Zac: Lapin goes down.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: On the last stroke—

Zac: Wait, wait. Yeah, 51, yeah. I had 50 and he hit me for 51.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Emily: Fuck!

Brennan: He goes,

Keradin: (in a whisper) False prophet. How could you betray the Bulb?

Zac: (mimics spitting)

Brennan: You spit in his eye. Boom, boom, boom. (mimics three attacks) And his
mace lowers you to the floor.

Siobhan: No!

Brennan: That's gonna be Tartguard. That's a hit. That’s a hit. Reaches out
for 4.

Zac: Fly is done.

Emily: Ohhh.

Zac: Fly is done.

Emily: Theo’s no longer—

Brennan: That's right, Fly's done.

Siobhan: I have an idea.

Brennan: Lady Plumbeline is going to- 5, 10, leap here. Go for Amethar. (rolls
dice) That's a hit.

Ally: I’m gonna make my Clinton's hit list.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: (laughs)

Brennan: 17, plus-

Siobhan: Number one, Jeffrey Epstein.

Brennan: 19, halved to 9 points of damage for Amethar.

Lou: 18, 17.

Brennan: That is Lady Plumbeline who rushes up and slashes at you again.
Lapin, I'm going to need a death saving throw.

Zac: Does Lapin see The Sugar-Plum Fairy or anything interesting? And do I-
What I- In this state? Hear the rest about that book?

Brennan: As you slip into unconsciousness- You discovered that though people
can form a relationship with the Bulb in the same way and get magic from it in
the same way, unlike The Sugar-Plum Fairy, you discern the true nature of the
Bulb and its presence as a spiritual entity in Calorum. The Bulb is mindless.
It does not possess any intellect, intelligence, sapience or awareness. It
merely is, and the people that are capable of accessing it may access it for
whatever ends they wish.

Zac nods several times.

Brennan: Death saving throw.

Zac: Come on, nat 20. 2.

Brennan: That is a failure. Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: Okay, let me know if you'll let me do this. So what I would like to
do is get out my rope, I'd like to give one end of the rope to Theo and then
use my Mage Hand, as a bonus action to send the other end to dad, to my pops.
And then I would like to cast Fog Cloud where Pops is.

Brennan: Mage Hand and Fog Cloud are-

Siobhan: Mage Hand is a cantrip and it's a bonus action because I am an Arcane
Trickster.

Emily: Oh, yeah!

Brennan: (laughs) Very well. You hand one end of your rope, it’s a free object
interaction, and you hand one end your rope to Theobald. Your Mage Hand no
longer is a spectral- Is no longer a force you can see. In the reflections of
all of the shining metal relics on the dais, you see what your Mage Hand has
become. The hand that moves is not one of your two hands, but in the
reflections that you see the spirit of your aunt reaching out with her hand
and she brings the rope to her brother, Amethar, through the air.

Siobhan: And then I cast Fog Cloud, so it's a 20 foot radius around him and
none of those people can get opportunity attacks against him, but because he
has the rope, he knows- You just go in that-

Brennan: Right here, Fog Cloud?

Siobhan: Yeah, like a 20 foot- However many- Yeah, great.

Brennan: That's 20 foot radius. So just right there. Or you want- You guys out
of it or in it?

Siobhan: I want us out of it, but maybe this archer that's by Jet, if that guy
can be in it—

Brennan: Yeah, you can clock them all.

Emily: Will this give me disadvantage to attack him though?

Brennan: You will still be able to see him cause he's within 5 feet of you.

Siobhan: And then I'd like to call Yak,

Ruby: Yak, to me!

Yak caws.

Siobhan: And then, do you have Sprinkle with you?

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Okay, great. So I'll keep Yak with me for now. I just wanna make sure
that you have advantage on any-

Murph: Athletics checks.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Fog cloud. Fog Cloud is concentration, correct?

Siobhan: Fog Cloud is concentration.

Brennan: Okay, the next to act- That's Ruby, that's your action. Theo, that's
you.

Murph: Sweet. Okay, I have this rope. Amethar has the other side of it. I
guess— Could I— Is this bullshit if I try to take the rope and yank Amethar
while trying to run at the window?

Brennan: I will allow- Lou, if you want Amethar to use his reaction, I will
allow you to roll an Athletics check with disadvantage, to try to grab the
rope that is like a sudden- You're just like, in the middle of the rage and
you just see a rope suddenly moved there. But because you roll with advantage
it will just be a straight roll. We'll call it a DC 15 Athletics check.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Lou: 10.

Murph: Fuck!

Brennan: The rope lands, you know where the rope is on the ground, but you're
gonna not be able to grab it until your turn. You can delay your turn if you
wish.

Murph: I still have the rope. I want- Can I essentially use my movements and
action to bust- Try to bust the window? But still be prepared- Like still be
prepared to-

Brennan: Still be prepared to- (mimics holding the rope)

Murph: I'm like- I'm still holding onto the rope, but I just want to like take
the rope and run and try to just shoulder ram the window.

(dramatic music)

Brennan: All right. I assume Sprinkle’s gonna-

Murph: Sprinkle will help.

Ally claps.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead, give me the roll. You're trying to hit a nat 20 on
this.

Ally: You got this, Murph.

Emily: You got this.

Zac: Come on, dude.

Emily: You got this.

Murph: (rolls dice) Nope.

Brennan: No. There you go, you still got the rope. You hit right here. Okay.
That's your action, Theo.

Murph: I think- (sighs) I think Lapin is probably fucked, but I don't want my
main rabbit to get taken out like a punk by the stupid carrot.

Zac: Don't!

Murph: So I'm gonna bonus action Compelled Duel Keradin, just so he doesn't
get like stabbed off the ground.

Siobhan: Yes!

Emily: Oh, yeah.

Theobald: (raising his hands) You’re gonna attack a rabbit on the ground, you
stupid carrot? You mindless fool!

Brennan: Okay, first of all, we got to get the range on that. This is the
battle that I gotta be a stickler for everything. What is the range on
Compelled Duel?

Murph: I don't know, I just- It's a part of my-

Brennan: Your sword, right?

Murph: My- Of the Broadsicle, so it just says “may cast Compelled Duel once
per long rest.”

Brennan: Range is 30 feet.

Murph: Wow, okay, so I can't see him?

Brennan: Let me see here, this is 30. No, he's almost twice as far away.

Murph: Okay, well I just talk shit to him.

(Brennan and Emily chuckle)

Murph: And then, that- And then I can't see anybody cause there's the fog
cloud down there, so I can't Compelled Duel anybody down there. Okay, I’m
gonna save my Compelled Duel in case things get even worse. I don't know how
that's possible, but they might. That's my turn.

Brennan: The Pontifex is going to go, she is going to- (rolls dice)

Murph: (Pointing at Emily and Lou) You’re the only ones that can do more than
20 damage in one attack.

Emily: I can't without Sneak Attack and I'm definitely concerned- I'm hoping,
I'll let you know,

Siobhan: You can't Sneak Attack on a window.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: You can if you get advantage.

Emily: I can't get advantage, I never had advantage.

Zac: Sprinkle can—

Brennan: The Pontifex casts a spell on herself, healing herself of most of her
injuries. And as a bonus action, she'll do that again. And continues to
actually move, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, she's gonna go here. That's going to be the
Knights that are all going to take swings with disadvantage through the fog.

(dramatic music)

Ally: (quietly, pointing to the set) Make kind of a weird cone.

Brennan: It's a miss. That's a miss.

Emily: (whispering) There’s a thing that I hope will help but not- We’ll see
when we get to my turn.

Brennan: That's a miss for sure.

Ally: Zac, how many times have you gone?

Zac: Twice. No, maybe I've gone once. I’ve only gone once. 'Cause he killed me
right before my turn.

Siobhan: (quietly) Fuck!

Brennan: One of these dudes hits you for-

Lou: Sorry, I feel bad and honesty is the best policy. I Reckless Attacked the
Pontifex, so disadvantaged attacks-

Brennan: You did Reckless Attack.

Lou: You should have advantage, disadvantage and they should all—

Brennan: And they should all cancel out. I'm gonna re-roll these attacks.
Thank you.

Siobhan: You're a good man. I'm gonna miss you so much! (laughs)

Emily: Stop, I'm not leaving without him!

Ally: I really- I think the max I can do is 16.

Emily: I don't have to-

Brennan: 9 halved to 4 and-

Siobhan: I can get-

Brennan: 10 and a halved to 5.

Lou: So a total of 9?

Brennan: A total of 9.

Lou: I cannot do math right now. 8.

Brennan: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, she moves onto dais. These guys move here, here.

Zac: Goddamn it!

Brennan: (rolls dice) The rest of the Tartguard fall.

Ally: (whispering) You did a good job.

Lou: You did a great job. I’m proud of you, Tartguard.

Brennan: Because they were not engaged in combat, one Ceresian soldier ends
his turn within 5 feet of Lapin and is going to take an attack on the prone
Lapin.

Zac: So it's an automatic hit, right?

Brennan: It is not an automatic hit, but he's got advantage.

Murph: Advantage. And if he hits, he crits.

Zac: 14 is my armour class.

Siobhan: God!

Brennan: You have one failure already, correct?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan takes a long time rolling the soldier’s attack. Once he does, he looks
down at it and clearly tries to repress a small smile. He takes a long,
dramatic sigh before speaking.

Brennan: He rolled a 1 and 2.

Ally: You're fucking kidding me.

Zac puts his head fully on the table.

Emily: (shouting) Oh my God!

Lou: My brain just shot out of the back of my head. I literally lost thoughts.

Siobhan: You smiled, then I was like, "You fucking piece of shit. You’re
smiling as you're killing him?”

Emily: I couldn't even look at you, it's- Oh my God.

Lou: My brain is crazy, my brain hurts right now. Ooh, ow.

Ally: I'm not gonna sleep tonight. It's 3 a.m. in a warehouse in Hollywood.

(laughs)

Ally: And we have to go home to our beds after this.

Lou: Save us! Come save us!

Brennan: I mean, Lapin is- (stammers) this is a— We may be back here very
soon. That is going to be back to the top of the initiative. That's Jet.

Ally: Okay.

Emily: Okay. I am going to attack this archer in front of me.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Please hit, please hit, please hit. Okay, I hit him and I'm going to
use a superiority die, to use a Maneuvering Attack and I'm gonna choose a
friendly creature who can see or hear me and he can use its reaction to move
half its speed, without provoking opportunity attacks. And I'm going to shout
out to my dad and say,

Jet: Climb.

Brennan: He can't see- Oh, see-

Emily: Hear!

Brennan: See or hear you. Okay, hold on one second. Let me look at Maneuvering
Attack really quickly.

Lou and Zac wrap an arm around each other's shoulders and Lou pats his back.

Siobhan: Ah, fuck!

Zac: This shit is stupid.

(laughs)

Lou: The amount of- Looking at those Ceresians- That's so wild, just see.

Murph: And I have a rope that is down there near you,

Emily: He has a- Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah, climb up.

Brennan: When you hit a creature with a weapon attack, you can expend one.
Yep, so you expend one superiority die, you just have to hit him.

Emily: I did, I just did.

Brennan: Oh, awesome, go ahead and roll damage.

Emily: Okay. The damage is 17 but much more importantly, I tell- It's a 17 to
this archer. And then I say,

Jet: Dad, climb!

Brennan: I'm going to say a bad news thing and then I'm going to provide an
immediate fix for it. Which is that technically Amethar has already used his
reaction and so he cannot use the reaction- Can’t use his reaction to move.
However, I will remind you that Amethar goes immediately after your
initiative. So all you have to do is just wait for Amethar to begin his turn
to be able to do this. You literally act on the same initiative. Just a little
rule keeping for myself. This game is hard. So go ahead and roll damage for
the archer.

Emily: Yeah, well, but the important thing is now he at least won't get- Oh, I
already did, it was 17-

Brennan: 17, awesome.

Emily: But he also won't get opportunity attacks. So he can basically get
like, a free disengage and stuff.

Siobhan: He won’t anyway, he’s still in-

Brennan: At the beginning- Incredible-

Siobhan: Unless I get-

Brennan: At the beginning of Amethar's turn you have a free 15 feet of
movement. I'm sorry, halved movement, you have 20 feet of free movement with
disengage.

Lou: Great, so I'd like to use as much as- Like, can I use the rope and start
to pull myself up?

Brennan: Yes, you can, go ahead and just give me a DC 15 Athletics check.

Lou: Done.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Alright, 18 plus 8.

Ally: Oh! Okay.

Brennan: Okay, you're going up the rope.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: And then I'd like to immediately charge the window that Theobald was
working on and recklessly attack it.

Emily: Yey, yeah.

Brennan: I will also remind you, this thing needs 20 points of damage, minimum
threshold, sneak attack will not work, however, the great weapon master
ability of adding those d6 will work against this.

Lou: Then yeah, I will both Reckless Attack and take the -5 to do two more d6.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead, first of all, and recklessly attack. Go ahead and
roll. You're trying to hit AC 17.

Lou: (rolls dice) That definitely- 10 plus 10 equals 20.

(cheering)

(Box of Doom music)

Brennan: Okay, we're gonna talk about these windows right now. They have 30
hit points, you need to do minimum 20 damage. You're about to deal 4d6 plus 9
damage, which means that you need to get at least- I'm gonna get the Box of
Doom, we're gonna roll damage in the Box of Doom. You need to get at least 11
points to damage this window.

Lou: (rolls dice) Oh.

Brennan: You do not roll 11, your first attack is- Your Payment Day thuds into
the stone (clang).

Murph: Do you have Great Weapon Fighting?

Lou: I do but we changed it from flat 10 to 2d6.

Brennan: Great Weapon Master. Great Weapon Fighting is a fighter ability.

Murph: Ah, you’re a barbarian.

Brennan: Here comes the second Reckless Attack.

Lou: (rolls dice) Ah, again, hits—

Brennan: Okay, you need to roll at least an 11, as we discussed.

Zac: Come on.

Lou rolls a 1, 3, 5, and 4.

Brennan: 5, 4, 12, 13 points of damage plus 9 is 22!

(cast cheers)

Brennan: Incredible! Your father leaps onto the balcony, in the midst of rage.
(roars and mimics attack) Great. This is incredibly badly kept together, this
thing is like- You know, the stone is badly weakened, but again, even weakened
it still has that 20 damage threshold. So that's now going to be, that's Jet.
That is Jet and Amethar. The priests are going to go, this guy is going to
bonus action disengage.

Emily: Actually he can't disengage from me, I don't think, ‘cause I have
Sentinel.

(Brennan gasps in shock)

Emily: So I get to attack him.

Brennan: (laughs incredulously) Go for it.

Emily: Okay. (rolls die) That's gonna hit. And then let me see, so that'll be-
I'm gonna hit him for 15.

Brennan: He's dead. He goes to step away from you and your rapier- He flashes
out as your dad is hewing at the cathedral wall, (attack motion) through the
head, this priest falls to the ground. That's going to be- That's him. These
two are gonna wheel around. And this guy is going to step here. That's a miss
both times and that's a miss as well. These guys are going to take shots at...

Lou: Can they?

Murph: There's fog too.

Emily: There's fog.

Brennan: There's fog right there. These guys, yeah, none of them can take
shots here. These guys are both going to jump down the hatches. And they,
can't take shots at fucking anybody. This guy's going to stand up, move one,
he's gonna move back here. He's gonna take a shot at Liam with disadvantage.
That is a hit, Liam, you take 3 points of damage. That's going to now be Liam,
that is you.

Ally: Okay, I am going to come by Amethar's side at this window. So from over
in that little wing, if you could move me over here.

Zac: Yeah, makes sense.

Brennan: You're gonna go next to Amethar? Okay, cool.

Ally: And try to hit this window.

Zac: Is Preston there with you?

Ally: I am going to send Preston and I'm going to say,

Liam: Go to Lapin.

Ally: And Preston is going to fly to you and curl up in a ball under you and
give you advantage on your next roll.

Zac: (smiling) You can’t do that!

Ally: Preston’s gonna take the help action and then this, my friends, is gonna
be the nat 20 that breaks the window!

Emily: Yes! Yes it is!

Ally: One die.

Emily: I believe!

Ally: I am feeling lucky.

Emily: I believe!

Brennan: That's a 14!

Ally: Eyy! That's next to the 20.

Lou: Is it?

Ally: It is!

Siobhan: Now I need to know. It is!

Lou: Oh, it is!

Ally: We were close.

Zac: It's too sweet.

Ally: There's a little pig next to you.

Zac: In sweetness there is strength!

Ally: Yes, exactly.

Emily: (laughs)

(dramatic music)

Brennan: Okay, Preston, prostrated over- Keradin- up over Lapin's body.
Keradin is going to rain blows down on top of Peppermint Preston.

(Siobhan gasps)

Ally: It's his turn?

Lou: Is he attacking Peppermint Preston?

Brennan: You took your action to try to break the window. Preston flew down to
protect Lapin. Keradin is going to go for Preston.

Ally: Okay, he's up.

Siobhan: What a fuckin’ heel!

Lou: What an absolute fucking—

Siobhan: That pig is cute and you're hitting it.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Ally: Armor class 16?

Brennan: Yeah, that's a miss. That's a hit. So that's going to be—

Ally: (sadly) Here we go.

Brennan: How many hit points does Preston have?

Ally: 26.

Brennan: He takes 11, 12 and 17, so 28.

Brennan: Is Preston down?

Ally: Preston's dead.

Brennan: Preston is down, making death savings throws. Down here.

Ally: Lapin is giving me advantage on those, right?

(sad, tragic laughs)

Zac is face down on the table.

Ally: That's how it works right? Was it even that carrot dildo’s turn?

Brennan: Lapin, it's your turn, I'm gonna need another death saving throw.

Zac: Can I just pray to The Sugar-Plum Fairy?

Lapin: I had another wish. You're supposed to— I was supposed to do a third
thing for you.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Zac: 2 again.

Brennan: That is a second death saving throw failure.

Emily: Oh my God.

Brennan: Ruby, that's your turn.

Ally: It could have been a nat 1.

Siobhan: I don't get Sneak Attack against this window?

Brennan: Nope.

Siobhan: Okay, here- How's this for some fuckery? So Sword Burst is 1d6
damage, but it's a 5 foot range and these windows are 15 feet. So how about I
might triple the amount of damage? (laughs) I'm so sorry. I'm trying to keep a
straight face.

(Emily laughs)

Siobhan: Okay, I'm gonna shoot, I think with advantage. If I do Melf’s Acid
aArrow, which I get once a day with my bow, is that on top of my regular
damage or is that separate from my regular damage?

Brennan: Sorry, you do Melf’s Acid Arrow, sorry?

Siobhan: Is this on top of my regular arrow damage?

Brennan: No, separate.

Siobhan: So I have to crit, okay. (rolls dice) I do not, and is Manta Ray Jack
within 30 feet of us, below us?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: I would like to use as a bonus action my Mage Hand with my thieves’
tools to unlock his shackles.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a thieves' tool check with advantage.

Siobhan: Great. (rolls dice) I rolled two nat 1s.

Emily: Oh my God!

Siobhan: I drop my thieves’ tools.

Zac: Fuck this game!

Siobhan: Jesus fucking Christ.

Emily: You can have mine. Oh my God!

Brennan: (chains shaking) He's even more manacled than before.

(laughs)

Ally: Your Mage Hand is just tightening his shackles.

Siobhan: There's a 1 in 400 chance and I rolled two nat 1s. Goddamn!

Brennan: Theo, that's you my dude.

Siobhan: This fucking game!

Murph: Okay. I think there's no way with an attack that I can do 20 damage. So
I just gotta keep trying to bash it-

Emily: Without my sneak attack and if I hit, I have a sliver of a chance. If
you get 20-

Siobhan: If you crit. You can't do sneak attack against the window.

Emily: I know, I know I can't, but if I add one of my superiority die I have a
sliver of a chance.

Murph: Cool, can I- I have two attacks. Can I like, shoulder ram it twice with
Athletics? Or just once?

Brennan: You do twice.

Murph: Okay, I'll do it twice,

Brennan: Gotta hit that nat 20-

Murph: So one I get advantage on and one I won’t, cause Sprinkle can only help
me with that.

Brennan: And I'll say with how weak it is let's call it a 19 or 20.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Come on, my husband, come on my husband!

Lou: Come on, my husband!

Murph: Fuck, I got an 18!

Lou: My husband! (drops his head to the table)

Ally: Alright.

Murph: Alright, I got one more. 19!

(cast cheers)

Brennan: Amethar, the weakened stone, you take your sword back. The exact
number that was created by Amethar hewing into the stone. Theo, you step back,
leap, (clatter) go through the stone and immediately start falling.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: You take,

Murph: Can I try to grab on- Cause I'd love to- If possible, be able to like
help people out.

Brennan: You bust through— Yeah, give me a Dexterity saving throw, to not- DC
15 Dexterity save to not go through the fucking window.

Murph: Oh no!

Brennan: You're a giant armored bear.

Zac: You have Feather Fall, right?

Murph: I don't, that was- I wanted to take it, but I can't take it with, uh.
Eh, 12.

Brennan: You take 7 points of damage.

Murph: Okay. But I just fall out the window?

Brennan: You fucking fall out the window, breaking the fucking glass.

Theobald: We're going everyone, we're going!

Brennan: Knights begin to rush, the stairs, the one with the other- They go
for the hatches to get upstairs to you guys. Out of the fog. So the knights
are pursuing you. The infantry begins to spread out around you. Jet, that is
your turn.

Emily: That's my turn? Okay, I'm gonna bonus action Second Wind. Just to get
that out of the way. Okay, so that's going to be extra 12. And then I think,
Ruby, where are you at, hit points wise?

Siobhan: I'm at 28.

Emily: What are you at, Liam?

Ally: 7.

Emily: Can I grab Liam and take all the falling damage myself?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: I'll do that.

Brennan: You grab Liam.

Zac: Do you have like a rope?

Siobhan: Yeah, you have a rope.

Emily: Oh okay, I set up a rope.

Brennan: I'm going to say, it's only 4 points of falling damage.

Emily: Okay, okay.

Murph: And that's way more dramatic and cool.

Emily: Okay yeah.

Brennan: As you leap with Liam out, you save- You protect Liam from the fall.
Liam, I'm gonna say you actually do take half of that, though. You do take 2
points of damage. What are you at right now?

Ally: 5.

Brennan: 5, okay. As you guys hit the deck.

Emily: I don't have any way to heal you, I'm sorry.

Brennan: Amethar, that's you.

Lou stares at the set, contemplating.

(dramatic music)

Ally: Do it.

Zac: Get out of here!

Siobhan: Get out of here!

Jet: Dad!

Emily: Did I- was I supposed to hold my action?

Theobald: You don't have to die to save your daughters, grab Ruby and jump out
of the window.

Jet: If you die, I will only end up getting myself killed to avenge you.

Lou: I'm gonna grab Ruby and throw her out the window.

Brennan: Cool, that's your action. You grabbed Ruby, Yak follows her. Ruby,
you take—

Siobhan: Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: 7 halved to 3 points of damage. Yak flies out after you. That's your
action.

Lou: Can I make a Perception check?

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: Do they need time to get away?

Brennan: You look out behind you, behind the cathedral. You- This has only
been a matter of second that this happened, there are not- This was not so
much of an ambush. There was a potential that you would have submitted to
arrest. This alley is not crawling with soldiers and there is a wide city out
there in Comida to run through.

Lou: I look back at Lapin's body.

Siobhan: Ah, fuck!

Lou: I think for a second and then I jump out the window.

Brennan: You take...

Ally: (to Murph, whispering) Sprinkle’s still in there, give him advantage!

Brennan: You come out of rage for not attacking, the full 8 points of damage.

Lou: I’m down.

Murph: Can I catch him as a reaction? I have my shield reaction still and
everything.

Brennan: You can halve the damage or no- Yeah, you can take the damage.

Murph: I'll just like, let him crash into me. (mimics him catching Amethar)

Brennan: You take 8 points of damage as you catch your king falling out of the
window.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: Liam, you're outside now, you're at 5 hit points.

Siobhan: Our healer died.

Brennan: The Pontifex walks over here, looks at Keradin. Keradin closes his
eyes, prays, lifts his mace and takes just enough time to give Lapin one last
turn.

Zac: Really?

Brennan: You have one last death save, there is only one thing that can
possibly save you and it's a nat 20, which will let you regain one hit point
and take a turn.

Emily: I think I might puke.

Brennan: Let me get the Box of Doom.

Murph: And then you could fly if you still have a spell, I don't know if you
do.

Ally: He does, he's only done one move this whole fight.

Emily: Please, please!

Brennan: This is the nat 20 right here.

Zac: Come on Sugar-Plum Fairy...

Ally: Come on.

Zac: I fucking hate you, but please.

Brennan: That's a 13. On the ground outside of the cathedral you all need
desperately to run as fast as you can. Lapin, bludgeoned and beaten by Sir
Keradin's mace, you’re unable to cast spells, but your eyes open blearily for
a moment. As you look up you see the Pontifex and Sir Keradin staring down at
you. Pontifex’s lips curl. She says,

Pontifex: Heretic, apostate. Warlock of the Sugar-Plum Fairy. You mock that
which is bright and shining. Do you have any last words?

Zac: Can I make an Insight check just to see if she knows the true nature of
the Bulb?

Brennan: Yeah, give me one with advantage.

Zac: It's only a 14.

Brennan: (sighs heavily) The blood seeps into your eyes. You can't quite look
at her. She stares at you and you think, that this woman doesn't— Not only
doesn't know whether the Bulb is real or not, or sentient or not. You also
think she doesn't care. And you think that she gets what she wants from the
Bulb, and that is power.

Pontifex: Any last words?

Zac: Knowing that, I just want to say, just loudly to everyone that,

Lapin: The Bulb cares for no one.

Brennan: She whips her head to Keradin and says,

Pontifex: End it!

Brennan: You hear a voice in your ear.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: They wouldn't have survived this without you. My third wish
is for you to come home.

Brennan: In the alley outside, you watch Keradin stand up and a sickening
crunch as chocolate splashes and covers the front of the church. With a final
twitch, Lapin is gone. There is no time to mourn. You have to move.

Murph: I try to grab everyone.

Theobald: We need to go, now!

Lou: I start running.

Brennan: You manage one last look through the windows as Keradin stands up,
expressionless, and turns to look at you, points through the window and you
flee into the streets of Comida. And that's it for this episode of A Crown of
Candy. See you guys next week.

Siobhan: (whispering) Fuck, man.

Fades to black. There is no preview.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 7: Escape from the Bulb
Creeps](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRkPv69HhS08Fjf2dvwfXe3n6C_oue0S1Dd_4JWn56d1
---
2A_5TIrYfqoChAtnqPmD95CqriIH23IL/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647625231446&usg=AOvVaw0doWL8zh6Tmrpj0Oha8Gkd)]

* * *

Edited by gluegunshots, Kyber Bonsai, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoz_7BeiZMJiSru4wP5TL1p0xBouuLUaYXJZpamd-
Hyt7M0pMSSGqt9GMPzpLFQxUZpafuBxnv1o8k2SzTs:0)

Episode 7: Escape From the Bulb Creeps

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
and Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks

Episode 7: Escape from the Bulb Creeps

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRSekQhblNWc_5UC9b5L5RXoQlS4uXy4drV0Mwe859llRmuxLXk88jLCFduLrt0DL1DTuK7EiywI-
Mq/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647627659282&usg=AOvVaw2-LaL0rXpDUHApjIs5_mlp)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQnc577_NI0IEI7F-jMam-
WMoPe_1Q5xt6F_-54ooOhM0zIV5etRp80B26HfvDnkfGgHXQKww130-Qx/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647627659903&usg=AOvVaw32glJwn1IXnobx7S_8cOA8)]
>

(dramatic music)

(swords clanging)

(explosion booming)

Brennan: [with less exuberance than normal] Hello, one and all, and welcome
back to A Crown of Candy. I'm your humble Dungeon Master Brennan Lee Mulligan
and with me… are five of our intrepid heroes. Say hello, intrepid heroes.

Siobhan: You know what, fuck you, Brennan.

Lou: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Murph: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Siobhan: This is literally his birthday.

Ally: Happy birthday, Zac.

Siobhan: Yeah, this is literally Zac’s birthday today.

Murph: Rest in sweets, Lapin.

Siobhan: Nice.

Emily: Aw, that's beautiful.

Siobhan: Yeah, that's beautiful.

Brennan: Rest in sweets.

Emily: RI…

Ally: [mimicking Zac’s voice for Lapin] Lapin Cadbury. [normal voice] I will
miss that voice the most.

Siobhan: Reese's and Pieces.

Emily: Reese's and Pieces.

Brennan: Last we left our intrepid heroes they were in the Cathedral of Saint
Arugula in the capital city of Comida. The Throne of the Concordant Empire
atop the Great Pyramid of Food, the death of Gustavo Uvano and a sudden,
devious turn of events, her Holiness, the Hierophant Rex and Pontifex of the
Bulbian Church, Belizabeth Brassica, having sideswiped Amethar of the House of
Rocks at a trial for witchcraft for Liam Wilhelmina the House of Jawbreaker,
Count of Freezyberg on the charge of witchcraft. Some business was attended to
having to do with the sudden passing of Gustavo Uvano and conflicting accounts
of who the Emperor had named his successor, invited to put his hand on the
book of his sister Saint Citrina, compelled to tell the truth. Instead of
being asked as to the words of his old friend Gustavo, he was asked who was
his lawful wedded wife. For the first time in their lives, the family members
of Amethar heard the name Catherine Ghee, a commoner of the Dairy Islands.
After being sentenced as an adulterer and oathbreaker, Amethar was stripped of
land and titles, the Crown of Candia passing immediately, many hundreds of
miles away to Duke Joren Jawbreaker, meaning that Candia had, without any
active role in its part, inadvertently declared war on the Concord and removed
itself from the protection of the Imperial Army. You are running, your feet
pound heavily into the cobblestones of Comida. You can feel the bones in your
shins shudder under the weight of your dead sprint. Your breath is caught up
in your throat with phlegm and blood as you all sprint as fast as you can. You
are at varying stages of injury. Theo having that one sharp stab in the back
from the very beginning of the fight, the princesses with various wounds and
injuries but still mostly together. Uh, Liam, you run as fast as you can. Uh,
you can feel, uh, multiple broken ribs, every intake of breath stabs into you
with shooting pain from where the mace of Sir Keradin Deeproot landed.
Amethar, riddled with arrows and halberd marks, sweet blood pouring down your
massive frame as you all sprint through cobblestone alleyways away from the
cathedral hearing the shouts of the Imperial Army behind you. (clamor sound
effect) Where do you run?

Emily: I… I book it for the alley where Thad was.

(Brennan laughs)

Siobhan: Is that close to here?

Emily: Is it?

Brennan: It's in a direction. It's an alley you know how to get to.

Siobhan: Can I send, er, Yak up into the sky to scout for us? To see if there
are Imperial soldiers or anybody down a different street so that we all-

Murph: [to Lou] [crosstalk with Siobhan] ...Cal?

Lou: Yeah. [to Brennan] Where is Cal?

Murph: He was back there they probably-

Siobhan: No, Cal wasn't in the-

Murph: He’s probably back at our-

Siobhan: Right.

Lou: At the Pyramid of Food.

Siobhan: At the Pyramid of Food.

Brennan: I'm going to go ahead and actually ask you guys to weirdly roll
initiative if you'd be so kind.

Murph: Sure.

Brennan: Yeah. Did anybody get above a 20?

Emily: No.

Brennan: Did anybody get above a 15?

Siobhan: I got a 19.

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: 17.

Brennan: 19 and 17. So Ruby, you are running and the first thing you-I mean
like, we have a couple people, it seems that the person with the strongest
idea of where to go because you're not able to speak you're not there's no
having a conference together.

Emily: So you guys know it's because I think that we can— He can— I can take
his ride.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: We can get out of the city.

Murph: [shaking his head] I don't have any better ideas.

Lou: No, not at all.

Brennan: You guys are sprinting. It's just, I think it's not even a
conversation. I think, Jet, you just take the lead and have an idea of where
to go and people follow behind Jet.

Emily mimes furiously running.

Brennan: All of you guys are breathing too hard under the injured state that
you're in to even talk. So you are just sprinting following Jet through the
alleys. On a 19 you are\- Act first to send Yak up, Yak starts circling. And
we're going to, in the midst of your injured state running, you can't shake
the image in your head of the silhouettes you saw in stained glass of a mace
rising up and coming down and a spray of chocolate across the front of the
church. And, in the insane horror of how quickly you have gone from a princess
to just a 18 year old woman running through the streets with her family, or
what is left of them, you have a sudden flashback and we're going to flashback
to a moment years before.

The screen’s colors go a little washed out, like an old photograph.

(gentle, dark piano music)

Brennan: We’re at Castle Candy and for the first time in your life, maybe
you're about like nine or ten years old, you just saw the Swirler Sisters
traveling circus come through and you're out on the castle walls doing a
handstand. You hear a sharp voice from a door.

Voice: Ruby Rocks, get down from there you are a pri—

Brennan: You feel a pinch on your ear and your mother the Queen Caramelinda is
pulling your ear, pulls you off the parapets and goes,

Caramelinda: Why- How many times I have to tell you\- Why are you doing
acrobatics out here on the castle walls?

Ruby: Well if I do it inside, then it's easy.

Caramelinda: Life will be hard enough, Ruby. You don't need to make it any
harder. You are a princess, you have responsibilities. This family [sighs]
Danger can arise at any moment, we don't need to tempt fate. You have an
important role to play. Just because your sister is heir doesn't mean that you
don't need to take your life seriously as well.

Ruby: If danger can arise at any time, then I should train to be ready for it.

Caramelinda: (sighs) When I teach you about history, and politics, and the
world, and the names of the lords and ladies who come to court, that is me
preparing you for danger. And the fact that you can't realize it means that I
have not impressed upon you how important those things truly are.

Brennan, with a twirling hand, indicates the flashback is over, then mimics
panicked running.

Brennan: Amethar, what are you doing as the group runs?

Lou: I just, I just think I'm just replaying everything. I don't know. Just
struggling to handle what (stammers) what future I have insisted upon Candia
with my past misdeeds.

Brennan: How old is Amethar right now?

Lou: At this time? Yeah, like 48.

Brennan: 48? Amethar, as you were running… [exhales and flicks hands upward,
starting to narrate a flashback] Amethar, you're 24 years old. You're in a
tiny garrison of your uncle's in the Great Stone Candy Mountains. You're in a
room in a tower. There's goblets of fine cola wine everywhere around you. You
are seated next to your sister, the Saint Citrina, and standing in a corner of
the room laying with her arms crossed is your sister, Sapphria, older than you
but the youngest of the sisters. You see bearing down on you, standing
directly across from you in the seat where you are in the middle of the room
is your oldest sister Rococoa.

Rococoa: [angrily yelling] You've married? You've married.

Amethar: I— yeah!

Rococoa: A commoner!

Amethar: Oh, okay, we're in love, okay?

Rococoa: What does that have to do with anything?

Amethar: What— that's what people who— that's— you marry somebody because you
love them!

Rococoa: God, Amethar, you are as thick as a stump sometimes. Don't you
understand that these things have consequences?

Amethar: Yeah, I mean, I didn't\- What? I didn't think it was gonna be\- I
didn't think it was gonna be a thing!

Rococoa: You are a Prince of Candia. We are at war with half the nations of
Calorum. Our one ally, the Dairy Islands, half of them wanna kill us for
entering the war this late and forsaking our allegiances and, and, your
marriage could have meant saved lives! It could have meant marrying someone
important. It could have meant a strategic alliance somewhere.

Brennan: Small little circles are being rubbed into your back by Saint
Citrina. She leans over and whispers,

Citrina: Amethar, you know that she's only mad because she cares about you.

Brennan: And Rococoa looks at Citrina says,

Rococoa: [yelling] That is not true!

Amethar: What do you want me to do?

Rococoa: I want, I want— Well, well Sapphria should, should—

Brennan: Sapphria says,

Sapphria: Don't look at me. I think it's great that he's gotten his rocks off
with a nice cute girl on the Dairy Islands.

Amethar: [embarrassed] Oh, Sapphria.

Brennan: You see that she smiles your way and says,

Sapphria: Rococoa, Amethar is fifth in line. For this to matter— do you know
how many things would have to have gone wrong, to get to the point where this
is going to matter? Let Amethar marry a— does anyone actually care? I'm not
wed yet! I'm in front of Amethar, if anyone remembers or cares.

Brennan: Rococoa, shakes her head and says,

Rococoa: It's not about that. Look, we can do something. We can get this
annulled, we can go back.

Brennan: You see that Citrina looks up and says,

Citrina: [softly] Well, we can't get it annulled if Amethar truly loves her.
That— to spit in the face of love and marriage as a sacred vow of the Bulb.

Brennan: You see that, Rococoa goes,

Rococoa: [frustrated] Citrina, just for once, the Church stuff, can we?

Brennan: And you see that Citrina looks up and says,

Citrina: I'm not talking about the Church, I'm talking about the Bulb, and its
light shines most brightly on those who act and speak in the name of love.

Brennan: You see Sapphria goes,

Sapphria: [gags]

Brennan: You see that Citrina looks up and says

Citrina: [singsong] It'll happen for you one day too, Sapphria. I know it
will.

Brennan: With a puff of blue smoke, Lazuli arrives. You see, Rococoa turns to
her and says,

Rococoa: Lazuli, have you heard the news of this, this madness, all of this
nonsense?

Brennan: And she says,

Lazuli: Oh. Oh, so that's happened. That has happened. It's not going to
happen.

Brennan: You see all the sisters kind of turned to look at Lazuli, and she
says,

Lazuli: Sorry, I have to keep some of these things, um, in order in my head of
when they've happened and when they have yet to have happened. Umm. Amethar,
congratulations on your marriage.

Amethar: You knew this was gonna happen?

Lazuli: No. No no no, I didn't know it was gonna happen. I knew it was going
to happen and it was going to not happen. But now it has happened which means
it was never going to not happen. And the times when it didn't happen can't
happen.

Amethar: [pauses, completely lost] Moving on?

Brennan: [laughs] You see that Rococoa goes,

Rococoa: I don't have time for this nonsense, Lazuli, we need to muster
Joren's forces and march as fast as we can. The Ceresians are pouring through
Gumdrop Pass as fast as they can and we need to make a move.

Brennan: You see that Lazuli says,

Lazuli: Right, well. Citrina, what would have to happen to this to be
annulled?

Brennan: And you see that, Citrina says,

Citrina: We would have to find Father Belford and he would have to have you
both present there and then the marriage could be annulled if that's what you
want, Amethar. But if it's not what you want then no force… [looks at Rococoa]
None but the Bulb itself could force you to leave that union.

Brennan: Lazuli nods and says,

Lazuli: Well, after the war is concluded, then we will have time aplenty to
find young Mrs. Rocks and have the marriage annulled if that is what Amethar
wishes.

Brennan: You see that Sapphria looks over and says,

Sapphria: What do we, uh... What do we tell Father?

Brennan: All three sisters all turn at the same time and go,

Rococoa, Lazuli, Citrina: Nothing!

(whoosh sound effect as flashback ends)

(panting)

Brennan: Who\- did anyone get above a 10 in their initiative?

Ally: I got a 17.

Murph: I got a 12.

Brennan: 17 and 12? Great. Liam, you are running as fast as you can and
ringing in your ears is a final [pig snort and squeal] being cut short.

Ally: [face clenched, shaking head] I'm crying. I'm for sure like bawling my
eyes out while running like [sobs].

Brennan: You weep as much as you can. Your shattered ribs are there. You
[flashback begins] go back to a moment when you were like, you know, maybe,
not too\- you were like maybe 14 or 15, something like that. You're in the
castle of Duke Jawbreaker, comes up. Huge man, bald jawbreaker head, chin like
a cow catcher on a train, walks up. He's got this giant, like two handed mace.
And he comes up and goes,

Jawbreaker: [deep, very rough voice] Hey there, kid. Uh, It’s your Saints Day,
right?

Liam: Yeah it's\- yeah. Wow. Thanks for remembering.

Jawbreaker: Yeah, your mom said something about it, here's a pig.

Liam: What?

Jawbreaker: I got you a pig. I got you a pig for ya. You're always outside
with the-

Liam: Okay, thanks.

Jawbreaker: He's a baby.

Liam: Yeah, thank you. Is this a test or some-? Is this a toughness test,
another toughness test?

Jawbreaker: A toughness test? No, I wouldn't put you through a toughness test.
No, Grash, and everyone else, your brothers’d do that plenty. Look. The
important thing is this kid, I love you... (pauses, uncertain) Liam.

Liam: Yeah, defi—

Jawbreaker: Yeah.

Liam: It's Liam. Yep, my name is Liam.

Jawbreaker: I got a lot. I got a, a lot of them running around.

Liam: And you love all of them.

Jawbreaker: I love 'em all. But you I knew you'd like a pig because you're
always outside.

Liam: Yeah, it's really cute. [holds Preston up, smiling]

Jawbreaker: They say his name is Liam, his name's Liam.

Liam: Okay. Yeah, maybe I'll rename him because it'd be confusing since my
name is Liam.

Jawbreaker: [pauses for a second, confused] Preston's the pig.

Liam: Great, cool.

Jawbreaker: Liam's the son.

Liam: Okay!

Brennan: You see, walking up is one of your father's partners. One of your
father's partners walks up. Your father has a couple partners that he has
children with, who in the tradition of the old way of the Sweetening Path and
the old Sucrosi people that lived in Candia long before the Church of the Bulb
came here, being wed to many people or handfasted to many people is a little
bit more common. So your mother comes up, Spearia, and she's actually this
very, like, beautiful, long-haired witchy-like Vegetanian woman, but she is
made out of all these spearmint leaves that kind of look, you know those like
a green man like statues where all the leaves grow out of the face? She's this
beautiful, very calm, witchy spiritual Vegetanian, who is a devout priestess
of the Sweetening Path and of, like, the old spirits. She comes up and says,

Spearia: [gentle, high voice] Oh, little sweetie.

Liam: [smiling] Hi, Mom.

Spearia: Hi, sweetheart. [kisses] I see you got your little pig, Preston, huh?

Liam: Yeah, that’ll be cool.

Spearia: Well, he's like he'll take care of you, okay, if you take care of
him.

Liam: Okay, yeah, I’ll try.

Spearia: All right. And I want to say your father and I have been talking, and
your offer to go to Castle Candy and be a ward there, I think that's really
brave.

Liam: Thanks. I think it's, it's not that brave because I don't think it would
be that hard there. It’s like, you know, like all my brothers and stuff here
suck so it would just be great to get away and not have to play stairs
anymore.

Spearia: Yeah. Stairs?

Liam: Is where I'm, it's where they run up a bunch of stairs, but I have to be
every stair.

[Lou snorts]

Liam: So I play all the stairs I'm just. I'm making myself taller by standing
up a little bit more as each foot is on my head, and then they all go into the
fort. [laughs] But you know, I'm the stairs so I don't— No one's a stair for
me.

Spearia: Wow, I- I should be paying closer attention—

(all players laugh)

Spearia: —to what's been going on, because that’s full-

Liam: I would say I'm grossly neglected.

Spearia: Yeah, that's full\- That is full abuse.

Liam: Mm. Mm-hmm.

Spearia: And that's, um, deeply upsetting. I'm, yeah, I'm gonna, I'm gonna get
right on that. Although, you are leaving.

Liam: Yeah. So it's going through? I get to go?

Spearia: We've decided, we've talked about it and you know, your father and me
and his other partners and their other partners and my other partners and—

Liam: The 35 of you, okay.

Spearia: Yeah, your 35 parents got together and we're going— we think it's the
right choice. The world out there can be dangerous. Um, not everywhere is as
open as we are here, and as respectful of all the different things that can be
true, and you haven't had a lot of interactions with the Church, for example.
The things we know about the spirits here, spirits of sweetness and of
savoriness, spirits of light and dark, of wind and earth, fire and water, all
of those spirits have truth to them. And that truth that I just said makes
some people angrier than it should and they might hurt people just for saying
what's real. I want you to be really careful. But you should know there's more
than just me watching out for you. There’s Preston, too.

Liam: Yeah, this is really cool.

(whoosh sound effect as flashback ends)

Brennan: You, as you are running in that weird dream space, feel something
inside you. And you think about all the spirits that your mother spoke about.
And now that Preston is gone, you feel something dark inside you. There's a
voice deep in there. [feral screech] You feel darkness, a blast of flames,
something hot. Smoke fills your vision for a second, great wind, the deep and
powerful feeling beyond that, past the heat, past the screams, something else.
A deep and powerful hunger. Peppermint ice grows from your fingers around your
crossbow. And you feel your crossbow get cold in your hands. Come back and
you're running and you feel that something in your magic has changed.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Theo, what's going on with Theo as you're running?

Murph: I think...Theo\- I think Theo kind of thought Amethar was a goner and
that was like him following his last order and the princesses saved them and
Jet like took off one way so I think for once Theo's just shutting up and
following Jet, just running.

Brennan: You are running, when you just flash, you think of Lapin, moving and
stepping and, Liam, even as you go cold, you feel one last thing which is
Lapin’s paw pushing into your chest and moving you out of the way of Sir
Keradin.

Ally: [nodding] And he got in front of me. [quietly] Damn.

Brennan: And he got in front of you. Theo, you think of the last time that you
remember really shutting up and following orders. You are a young, newly
minted Gummy Knight. You're a knight of North-Gumbia. You're in your first
suit of full plate, standing at attention, being as quiet as possible. You got
knighted earlier this morning and are standing in an office in front of the
Archmage Lazuli, who has not yet looked at you. You've been here for about 20
minutes.

Lazuli: [muttering to herself] Alright, papers. Okay, that’s going to go, now
what about this? Very interesting.

Theobald is standing silently, posture ramrod straight.

Brennan: She, she turns over, you see that there is a tall Candian monk there.
Sort of like light blue skin, this crazy pink hair. He's like a cotton candy
monk with these very like, hollowed-out eyes. And you see he's got like this
long lollistaff next to him and this little necklace with like an eye on it.
You see that she says,

Lazuli: Cumulous, thank you if you would please take this to the Monastery of
the Spinning Star. Thank you.

Brennan: And you see that Cumulous just turns into a cloud of like cottony
mist and disappears out the window. She goes,

Lazuli: Alright, okay. [pointing] Ah, Theobald... Gumbar. Night of North-
Gumbia.

Theo: [nervously] Yes, uh, Archmage, uh Lazuli.

Lazuli: Yes, yes...you've been sent here as my ward, yes? And you're going to
be my something. We're not calling it a squire because I'm not a knight and
the knights would get upset if we called it a squire. But as we're all going
to say-

Theo: Ward, squire, whatever, whatever… Whatever you want to call me is fine.

Lazuli: That's very interesting. Speaking of what we want to call each other,
um… What do you want to call me? I know that some people say I'm a wizard.
Other people demand that I'm an alchemist. How do you feel about all that?

Theo: I would just, if I were to refer to you casually, just the Lady Archmage
Lazuli, first of her name of the House Rocks.

Murph: Then I say four other things.

[cast laughs]

Brennan: You see she says,

Lazuli: Yes, very casual, Sir Theobald.

Theo: I just went through a lot of training and I'm a— a tad nervous. I'm not
supposed to say that, I'm sorry.

Lazuli: That's all right, nervousness is good, nervousness means you're paying
attention. There's a lot of reason to be nervous right now. You… Have you ever
taken a study in magic, interested in magic at all, or you're one of those
sort of soldiers that...

Theo: [stammers] I don't— I don't have the mind for it. I'm—

Lazuli: Why do you say that?

Theo: Um...

Lazuli: Looking here, it seems like you're… Recited your oaths, your visuals,
your knightly missions. You're not an uneducated warrior.

Theo: I suppose: I don't know what goes into it. It doesn't seem like the type
of thing I should be able to do. If that makes sense.

Lazuli: Why?

Murph: Theobald just stares forward for like a full minute.

Theo: I...I guess I haven't asked that.

Lazuli: Well, you seem a very loyal sort and something of a follower. So let
me say this, your first order and the first order I give you above all else
that you must follow till your dying day on your very knightly vows. Think for
yourself and be curious.

Murph: [looks back and forth, then mimes pulling out paper and scribbling]
Pull out a scroll, write down her exact words.

[Laughter from players]

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Lazuli: Candia is a small country. If we're going to win this war, we're going
to need to do it with all the resources at our disposal. Magic is a lot of
things. It's more than I think any priest or mage imagines that it might be.
Maybe even more than the spirits who claim to control it can imagine it to be.
[genuinely] How exciting. I need more parchment.

Murph: Theobald runs-

Brennan: You run down the hallway and as you're running down the hallway
[pants, mimes running frantically] you're back in the cobblestones of Comida.
Jet, what is Jet doing as she's running?

Emily: Um, I think Jet is very angry in many directions. I think she's angry—
she's still kind of weirdly angry at her dad for throwing her out of the way,
out of the fight. I think she's mad at everyone for trying to keep her out of
the way and trying to silence her opinions 'cause they're different and not
letting her make her own mistakes. And she's really, really fucking angry at
the Church. And she's really angry at the Pontifex and she, she wants to
destroy them all.

Brennan: You are just like in the front, just seething and you are back in a
long hall with sugar glass windows, bright pinks and purples in this huge
fencing hall. And you are just lashing out\-  You're like probably like
fourteen or something like that. Yah yah yah! [while mimicking slashing sword]
And you see that in like a very nice, puffy white marshmallow like, fencing
attire, is Lord Cruller, who you are just like beating back as your fencing
partner as he stumbles backwards and he stumbles back and you see a perfect
opportunity. To go for the point, and as he— as you go for it, he's got a
dagger up to your throat, a little fencing dagger.

Jet: Ah, well, I suppose that's why you're the teacher and I'm the student.

Calroy: I suppose that wildly slashing with a piercing weapon is maybe… An
interesting strategy that I haven't considered before.

Jet: Well, you know what? You could call it unconventional, or maybe your
conventions just suck and I'm inventing new ones.

Calroy: We are in for a rough chapter of this dynasty when you take the
throne, Your Highness. Excellent work. I mean, you're fast as can be, you're
lightning quick, but, I don't know, suppose some conventions are worth
accepting, maybe others are worth challenging.

Brennan: You see he gets up and goes over to where some like water and some
goblets\- Or not water but some cola and some goblets and other things have
been placed out. He hands you a little glass before your next bout.

Jet: Ah, looking for a break already.

Calroy: I'm old, be nice to me!

Jet: Okay. I was just trying to keep the competitive spirit going.

Brennan: You see he looks and says,

Calroy: Do you foresee a lot of that in yourself, challenging convention?

Jet: I guess I just think the way that you guys do everything is so dull and
there's got to be a better way and I don't see anyone else asking that
question.

Calroy: I agree. I agree with you. Look, most people never get the opportunity
to challenge convention. You are a princess, you actually have an opportunity
to make some real changes. Make things different if you want to. You don't
think the commoners out in the field or the minor barons and countesses
wouldn't love to see things change? Of course they would. But and actually, if
I'm being honest, even princesses have the weight of tradition.

Brennan: You see, he looks up and sees on the words underneath your crest, "in
sweetness, there is strength". So he looks up and goes,

Calroy: What do you think about your house words? Is that a tradition worth
keeping?

Jet: Hmm… Well, I certainly think that there's moments that sweetness is
strength. But I also think that sweetness can be weakness and it is very
important to probe the difference between the two.

Brennan: You see his sort of eyes sort of widen for a second.

Calroy: I knew a lot of very sweet people in the war, who died. And I knew a
lot of very strong people who lived. And the strong people were often not very
sweet. I look forward to a long reign of many interrogations to come. Have at
me!

Brennan: He leaps forward (whoo sound effect of flashback ending) and you're
back, running through the alleys. And off in the distance you hear the noise
of tolling bells from the cathedral where Manta Ray Jack is still in a cell
and the bodies of Preston and Lapin lie on the floor of the cathedral. And
Theo, I think the last thing as you're running is you feel the last little
vestiges of that Fly spell wear off. You guys turn the corner and start
approaching the alley. You like, almost can't run anymore. You'll like, you
know, get levels of exhaustion and stuff. As you run, you're about to turn the
corner and you see the\- The little something as you've been running, you've
been trying to keep up with equipment and stuff and something falls out of
your pocket, Ruby, and begins to fly away on the wind.

Siobhan: What is it?

Brennan: It's a little piece of paper that says “Lapin” on it with the words
"For Candia" underneath it.

Siobhan: I try and grab it.

Brennan: Go ahead and make-

Siobhan: Can I use my Mage Hand?

Brennan: Actually, you have Mage Hand, you see the reflection in the window of
the spirit of Lazuli moving… [mimes grabbing scroll] and the little scroll…
“For Candia.”

Siobhan: I feel so profoundly guilty about his death because we were so
horrible to him. And in fact, he was a good man and with a good heart who
sacrificed himself so that we could live and if only we'd listened to him
more, just because he was boring doesn't mean he wasn't right.

Liam: Fuck him. [shakes self]

Ally: I think Liam is dealing with like anger and stuff, so he can't\- All
he's replaying is the moment where he sent Preston down to give advantage and
I think\- I think Brennan's like\- Or uh, Liam is\- [laughing] Liam's not in a
good place right now.

Brennan: [to the camera] For the record, Liam has transitioned to being a
Gloom Stalker Ranger for all our mechanics-heads out there. And I think that
is happening. Gloom Stalker is an apt name.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Siobhan: Liam's goth now.

Ally: I think Liam is intermittently like, crying that kind of cry where all
your muscles in your arms flex, and like catching himself and just trying to
like keep up with the group and...

Brennan: Little tear tracks do the barber pole red and white [mimes swirl]
down Liam's cheeks. You guys, walk\- [to Siobhan] You have the page still in
your hand. And you turn the corner. And you see a bleary eyed, hallucinating,
Thaddeus wobbling with some servants around him that are like trying to hold
him up from collapsing. He's partially disrobed, and you see he looks up and
says,

Thad: [very French accent] 'Ello, 'ello, 'ello, it seems that well, you
brought your whole family!

Emily: I take a little too long to compose myself. I take a little blood and
smear across my lips like lipstick [Lou exhales in disgust] and then,

Jet: Thaddeus, my love, I need you now more than ever, but first, lend me your
carriage.

Thad: Ah, very well, I shall lend you my carriage, for us to bone.

Jet: Um, it's—

Thad: I've been away for a few days.

Theo: Yes, otherwise you wouldn’t say that in front of all of us.

Jet: Point me\- Point me in the direction of your carriage.

Thad: Should I not come too if we are to… make out and stuff?

Jet: Just follow behind.

Thad: Okay, 'ello, King Amethar, I want to bang your daughter and then marry
her.

Jet: Please Thad, just point me in the direction of your carriage.

Thad: Okay. [Suggestively] With my hand?

Ally: Can I punch Thad so hard his pit flies out and say,

Liam: We need the carriage now.

[Laughter from players]

Brennan: [through laughter] Go ahead and make an attack roll.

Ally: An attack roll?

Brennan: Yeah, an attack roll.

Murph: [mutters unintelligibly, amused]

Emily: I do not defend him.

Ally: [screams in delight] Nat 20!

[Emily screams]

Lou: What?

Ally: It rolled forever, nat fucking 20! I take\- This is a new fucking Liam,
baby, wake up, he's violent, he is not okay, he had one friend, that friend
got slit in half by a carrot… priest? I need\- [breaks off laughing]

Brennan: Liam\- You guys have not been checking in with Liam on the run. Liam
is on death's door, like how many hit points do you have left?

Ally: 5\.

Brennan: He walks up and immediately knocks just fucking whap! [mimes punch]

Murph: Whoa!

Jet: Damn, Liam!

Brennan: Thaddeus is out. It's not cl— Thaddeus is definitely unconscious—

Ally: [laughing] I critted on Thaddeus.

Brennan: -definitely unconscious, maybe dead?

Siobhan: I cast-

Emily: Do I see his carriage anywhere?

Brennan: Well his servants both scream and you see that—

Jet: You speak a word of this and you die.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Intimidate check with advantage.

Emily: Aw...

Lou: Um, uh-

Brennan: Is that-

Lou: I was gonna give her the help-

Brennan: Oh give her the help action? Yeah.

Emily: Umm, I got...a....a...

Brennan: Call it DC15.

Emily: I got 18.

Brennan: The servants and the one man-at-arms that's there like this, there's
a little like avocado soldier goes,

Soldier: Sacre bleu!!

Brennan: And they turn and just\- Run away!

Siobhan: Wait, wait, hang on I would like to cast Sleep on them.

Brennan: Oh, go ahead and roll...yeah, go ahead and roll your 5d8.

Siobhan: That's 5d8 right?

Brennan: Yeah between them they don't have\- between them, they only have 18
hit points. So you just gotta roll 18 or higher.

Siobhan: Yeah, I for sure do that.

Brennan: They're toast. They all fall asleep.

Siobhan: Okay, so what I would like to do is cast Disguise Self on myself. So
I look like Thad.

Brennan: [shocked and delighted] Okay, yeah.

Ally: Aw, yeah, hell yeah.

Brennan: Absolutely, yes.

Siobhan: Great, so, and I also cast Prestidigitation so that I smell of
avocado, a like slightly now overripe avocado.

Brennan: Amazing, you walk out with this Candian entourage.

Emily: I guess I put my arm around Thad and act like we're a couple.

Jet: [unconvincingly] Thad, that's so funny. I just love you.

Ruby as Thad: [French accent] Oh, I love you too. Hee hee hee, hon hon hon,
mwah, mwah.

Brennan: You walk ar-

Emily: I say you're a better Thad than Thad was.

Brennan: You walk around the corner, you see, like, like three more soldiers.
I mean, he was only\- He was not a major lord or anything. So you see, there's
like three more soldiers and some more servants. Go ahead and make a Deception
check with advantage.

Siobhan: Great. Oh, yeah, baby, that's a 23.

Brennan: Uh, cool. You walk up and they say,

Servant: [French accent] Ah my good Lord Thaddeus, I see that the Princess Jet
of the House of Rocks is with you?

Ruby as Thad: That is right. I am off to my carriage so that we can bone.

Servant: This all checks out.

Theo: They're going to get married and we're going to witness the wedding.

Ruby as Thad: Oui oui! To the carriage!

Amethar: Yes, they have my blessing.

Servant: Wow, this is huge! The dad is here!

Ruby as Thad: Yes, we must go toute suite before anybody changes their minds!

Servant: Very well, to the cathedral of Saint Arugula!

[All players cry out no repeatedly]

Ruby as Thad: We are going back-

Jet: We just need the carriage!

Theo: This is a beach wedding.

Ruby as Thad: Yes, we are\- want a beach wedding!

Jet: I'm pregnant, it's a shotgun wedding.

Servant: Holy crap! I was in that alley three minutes ago! You already know
you are pregnant?

Ruby as Thad: I a— I—

Jet: I am with little Thad.

Servant: Honestly, very disappointing, my lord.

Ruby as Thad: [with finger guns] Ahhh, thank you. Tell everybody how quick I
am! And my dick is very small!

Servant: All right! Well, it has been known in our lands for some time!

Ruby as Thad: Ahh! Anyway, we must run, to the carriage! Don’t tell anybody! I
don't want my parents to know.

Servant: Okay! I don't get it but it's not my place to ask!

Brennan: [through laughter] You see that, you all pile into this avocado
carriage and take off down the street!

Theo: Okay, well done.

Brennan: Uhh-

Emily: You all laughed when I suggested this, but did it not work so far?

[cast laughs]

Brennan: Uh, okay, so just you Candians are in the back of this carriage,
'cause there's not enough space for anyone else because Amethar takes up like
half the carriage.

Siobhan: Yeah I feel like I'm steering the carriage.

Murph: Oh cause you're in-

Siobhan: Because I am disguised.

Brennan: Okay so you have, you have one, the rest are behind you, keeping up
with— There's one avocado soldier on your left and one man-at-arms\- or one
servant on your right.

Siobhan: Yeah. Uh,

Ruby as Thad: Clear the road, get— make sure they— they're clear for us.

Brennan: Okay, awesome.

Siobhan: I don't speak Vegetanian, also.

Brennan: Oh. Well do you, you speak Fructerano-

Siobhan: I do speak Fructerano.

Brennan: Which is, an avocado’s—

Siobhan: He’s a fruit.

Brennan: He’s a fruit! He's from a border— a border county.

Emily: I speak Vege\- I speak Vegetanian, I can feed you a couple words.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Um, okay, awesome. Um, you guys head out and they start clearing the
road. You see that people start saying,

People: Clear the way for Lord Strongpit! And his soon to be w-

Ruby as Thad: Shh! It's a secret!

Announcer: Ohh!

Ruby as Thad: It's a shotgun wedding, shush!

Announcer: Okay, very—

Ruby: Break the rules! It's sexy.

Announcer: Very cool, very sexy.

Ruby as Thad: It's sexy.

Announcer: Ver\- Very cool. Okay, well we are going to surprise everybody.
Make way for just the Lord Strongpit.

Ruby as Thad: It's me! [waving] I have a tiny penis!

Announcer: The lord of the tiny little dick! Make way, make way!

Brennan: Cool, so this… happens.

[continued laughter from players]

Brennan: Where\- So here's the question: what road are you guys taking?

Siobhan: Mm, I mean I feel like we should get out of the city, and then get
off the roads. Right?

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: That feels right.

Emily: I think so too.

Siobhan: 'Cause I feel like if we travel along the roads that's where\- That's
where they'll be looking for us, Liam is such a good… uh…

Ally: Well I can… I can cast Pass Without a Trace on our whole party and there
is-

Siobhan: Right, but if we're on the road they'll be looking for us.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: So…

Emily: May\- Yeah maybe we need to-

Siobhan: Maybe we can like travel adjacent to the road but we should like…

Murph: Yeah let's just take\- Take the road\- Get away for a little bit and
then—

Siobhan: Once we get out of the city you should abandon the cab\- carriage.
Disguise Self only lasts for one hour anyway.

Murph: So why don't we ride for an hour.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Just out of the city.

Brennan: Awesome great. Um, uh, which… direction are you guys going to go?

Murph: Great question.

Siobhan: Fuck! I feel like everybody's against us.

Theo: Do we go to— do we go to your uncle, my lord?

Amethar: I mean, at this point we need allies and friends, and the only place
we know those things exist are home.

Theo: How do you feel about that, Prince Liam?

Liam: I think that sounds great.

Ally: Can I roll a Stealth check so I can cry by myself hidden somewhere in
this carriage?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Ally: 3.

Brennan: You loudly\- You like just—

Liam: I think that sounds great! [immediately starts bawling]

Murph: I think I\- I say this not looking at Liam, at all, I say this to
everyone else,

Theo: Just so everyone knows, nothing that happened back there is anyone's
fault. Lapin was a good bunny. He— he made his decisions. I misjudged him.
He's— he was a great person and he saved us all. But he made that choice, and
you two saved your father. I was... I have to be honest, I didn't think King
Amethar was going to make it out of there. And, um, [to Jet] I fear my
pragmatism might sometimes just be pessimism, and you've given me something to
think about.

Jet: There was part of me that wonders if King Amethar didn't want to make it
out of there.

Amethar: You asking me that?

Jet: In a roundabout way, yeah.

Amethar: [quietly] Well, then, in a roundabout way, I'll tell you that when
you find out that you've put everyone you love, your entire country, your
friends in a place of danger, maybe yes, maybe I thought that finally you
might be able to escape and define a future for Candia that I could not ruin.

Jet: But you realize that you're the reason we escaped.

Amethar: Well, at some point, it was clear to me that I had to help.

Jet: I'm glad you made the decision you made, that's all I'm saying.

Amethar: Thank you.

Brennan: Yak returns to you, I'm going to make a luck check now. I'm going to
do it in front of the board.

Lou: Sweet.

Siobhan: Alright

Lou: I love that.

Emily: Not Box of Doom, but in front of the board.

Siobhan: No cheating.

Brennan: In front of the board, not Box of Doom, we're just gonna do it right
here, we'll catch it.

Murph: Map roll.

Brennan: Little map roll.

Lou: Classic map roll.

The die rolls all the way off the map and over to the edge of the table in
front of Siobhan.

Siobhan: 6.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: Ok, I'll take that back.

Emily: Lucky 6, isn't that what they say?

Ally: Yeah Lucky 6!

Siobhan: Yeah Lucky number 6!

Ally: Definitely, yeah definitely!

Siobhan: 6 is ace.

Lou: 6 is good!

Emily: Yeah. Get your kicks\- (mumbles "on Route 66")

Brennan: You guys are up near the Great Pyramid of Food which is in the very
middle of this. I mean that's where Thaddeus was waiting there 'cause that's
where the banquet and everything was. There's a lot of city in between you
guys and any edge of the city. On a roll of 6, which is not a natural 1, what
you guys see is, far away\- You ran uphill away from the cathedral of Saint
Arugula which is farther down in the city. The Glucian Road, so the road
leading east from Comida that eventually goes back up to Castle Candy, right?
You already see ban\- Or Yak saw Imperial banners there, of like the army
moving along that road already. It looks like\- It looks like they went
straight there. They\- in other words, it looks like they assumed you guys
would make a break for it rather than go deeper into the city. So going for
Thad is actually something that saved you because they got word fast through
some kind of courier or like a beacon system or shining a mirror across the
city or something to the edges of the city. Comida is\- is too huge of a\-
It's not a walled city. It's not like that. But there are garrisons and things
out in the countryside. There's not this thing of like, close hemmed in walls
and then freedom, but rather just like so many Imperial troops so many places
to the direct North so that the shortest route to Candia, probably doesn't
have as many Imperial troops in it. But you also know that part of the reason
that Comida is the capital is that it's right next to the lands of Lord Uvano.
So the lands immediately to the North of you are now directly inherited by
Plumbeline so the... Any place you go north of here is going to have people
that are loyal first and foremost to her. The places Yak saw and again, this
is on a 6, the places that Yak saw that were the least populated by threat
were the road going South to Brightgarden, towards the capital of the\- Or to
the Holy Seed of the Bulbian Church. And then there's no highway going there
but—

Emily: Greenhold?

Brennan: Greenhold is way to the East, Brightgarden is the one\- is the seat
of the Pontifex. So the most potential for finding and capture waits on the
Glucian Road or going into deeper into Fructera. The paths that are the safest
to travel right now-

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Theoretic\- According to what Yak saw of the movements of these like
Imperial banners and standards would be the road to Brightgarden. Other than
that, it looks like they're going to the edges of Comida but not policing the
harbor. There are no troops moving into the water or into the harbor.

Theo: We could, we had, we did tell Cal to get a boat ready in case.

Jet: Although if we went to Brightgarden we could assassinate the Pontifex.

Amethar: I don't think— As much—

Ruby: The Pontifex is here, waiting-

Jet: She probably goes home first, to Brightgarden.

Theobald: I think- I think we should make sure the kingdom doesn’t fall apart.

Siobhan: I mean, I’m driving the car so I’m not even here for this
conversation.

Amethar: I'm worried about all\- Everyone at home who doesn't know that they
are currently at war. So if you want, Jet, to go-

Jet: I’ll follow a dangerous road.

Theobald: I think we can perhaps, we can get there by sea. I think our choices
are either south to Brightgarden or through the sea.

Jet: I’ve never-

Theobald: Liam, Jet, do you have an opinion?

Jet: For me the Pontifex is merely a side effect of the Bulb itself. So, my
enemy’s everywhere.

Liam: [crying] I agree my enemies are everywhere.

Emily: I see this and then I start to cry also.

Murph: I think Theo starts to cry a little bit too.

Theobald: Everyone keep it together, okay?

Liam: Ahhh!

Jet: I fucking hate the Bulb!

Theobald: I was so mean to him! I was so mean to him, and he was a better
kingsguard than I was. My God!

Jet: [crying] Lapin deserved a greater death.

Theobald: He did. Stupid fucking carrot.

Liam: [quietly] Fuck that carrot.

Theobald: Fucking carrot killed the rabbit.

Jet: Fuck that Bulb.

Liam: I’m gonna kill the carrot.

Theobald: [calming down] All right, I do think that as much as we all want
revenge, Candia comes first.

Liam: I got a lot of aggression out of myself by pretty much killing that
avocado. So, I’m good to go.

Theobald: Yeah, Liam, that was insane.

Amethar: Yeah, I thought you were a seed guy.

Theobald: I think you might be a war guy.

Liam: I think I might be a war guy now!

Amethar: I think you’re a war guy.

Ally: He starts crying, and repeating, “I’m a war guy.” He’s just bawling and
stuck in a repetitive, like, lock of saying,

Liam: I’m a war guy.

Brennan: I’m actually… [laughs] gonna roll real quick in front of the board.
I'll tell you what I'm rolling in a second. 2. 9. 13.

Emily: These are death saves for Thad, aren't they?

Brennan: 15\. Two successes, two failures.

Emily yells a little and falls back in her chair at the last roll.

Murph: Thad lives!

Brennan: Thad lives.

Lou: Thad lives.

Jet: I feel— I know that a lot of you judge a lot of the things I've said and
done but the way I treated Thad is probably what I, would have been my
greatest regret so far in life.

Amethar: I was gonna say I thought you were about to say what's most
appropriate, and I was going to agree with you, but.

Jet: I think I worked out my own shit on him.

Amethar: Yeah. I mean, I guess I am glad he didn’t like, stand in that alley
for two days to get punched so hard he died. That maybe you’re right.

Liam: Was a blow, lethal blow.

Ruby: Killing blow?

Liam: Yeah, killing blow. Whoa.

Ally: I just look at my hands.

Murph: I guess we can\- Oh, you know what I'll send a Message to Ruby and ask
her to weigh in.

Theobald: Princess Ruby, we're considering,

Murph: And I still referred everybody by their titles cause in Theo’s mind
everything's the same.

Jet: I would prefer if you called me Bastard Jet from now on.

Theobald: As you wish, Your Highness.

Emily: As I say that I reveal a tattoo ‘Bastard Jet’.

Amethar: How? When?

Liam: That’s up your arm? That’s such a long tattoo to go—

Theobald: She commanded me to use a cantrip to do that.

Murph: I send a message to Ruby and just ask if she'd be okay with going
through the harbor.

Ruby: If we go through the harbor we'd have to pass the Yogurt Shoals and
that's where Lord Bleu is from.

Theobald: I think we have enemies everywhere.

Liam: Well, who do we wanna alert first, the castle or go up to the Great
Stone Candy Mountains and get allies.

Brennan: As Liam mentions that, traveling from Castle Candy to Comida by the
Sucrosi and then Glucian Road or going north through the Great Stone Candy
Mountains then traveling by sea is about an equal amount of time, but if
you're just going to the Great Stone Candy Mountains it's actually faster to
go by sea.

Ruby: Then let's go by sea.

Jet: I want to go by sea.

Theobald: Yeah.

Jet: These are very very sad times, I think we all have a fun boat ride. I
think we deserve a fun boat ride.

Ruby: I think that's a bad reason to go by sea but-

Jet: Hey, I got us the fuck out of here.

Liam: Actually, I just remembered we might not be able to go by sea because
Preston gets seasick. [thinks about what he said and starts crying]

Ally: I grab my bedroll and I cut it in half so it's Preston's size and I’m
just holding my bedroll.

Ruby: Where are you gonna sleep?

Theo: Liam, would you like to hold Sprinkle?

Liam: Yes.

Ally: And I hold you. I set Sprinkle down on a chair and I just hold you.

Siobhan: Alright, docks it is.

Ruby as Thad: To the the docks! Clear the road!

Thad’s Servant: We’re going to the docks for a beach wedding!

Ruby as Thad: We’re going to the docks for a beach wedding!

Theobald: This all adds up!

Jet: [flatly] I’m pregnant.

Brennan: You guys take your carriage down to the harbor. You see tons of ships
here, there's fruit ships mostly obviously dairy ships because the dairy
sailors are sort of in every port in the world. What do you guys looking for
doing as you arrive here at the harbor? You probably have about 15 minutes
left in this Disguise Self.

Theobald: Do we have any friends out here?

Jet: I say we just hijack a ship. But except what is it called when you hijack
something but nobody gets hurt? When you steal it.

Amethar: I honestly had no idea.

Jet: Grand theft boat.

Amethar: I, people always get hurt when I try and steal stuff.

Ally: What time of day is it right now?

Brennan: Morning.

Siobhan: Or midday, okay.

Emily: Let’s find a cruise ship.

Siobhan: There’s no such a thing as cruise ships in the medieval period.

Amethar: We need a small boat.

Theobald: Yeah, we need a small boat.

Amethar: I feel like we milk this disguise for as long as we can and then Pass
Without Trace.

Theobald: What if we find some unsavory types that we can just pay.

Ruby: Yeah, let's do that. Do you have money?

Amethar: I mean, not—

Jet: Mercenaries.

Ruby: Not really. Do you have money, Theo?

Murph: Would we have any money on us?

Lou: I mean:

Siobhan: I don’t have any money.

Brennan: I would say you guys would have candian things. What does it say on
your character sheet?

Murph: Have I have 10-

Lou: I have 12\- 25.

Ally: Same.

Siobhan: I have nothing.

Brennan: To charter a ship for voyage\- The issue is you guys don't carry
money on you, that stuff gets taken care of.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You know-

Jet: I have a skill I can I can try and trade for passage.

Amethar: Okay, well—

Liam: Don’t!

Jet: No, it’s not that!

Emily: I have an alchemist kit.

Ally: Don't just start that now. That's something you need to like spend a few
months thinking about.

Siobhan: You need legitimate\- Selling your body-

Jet: I’m not a Prince like you, okay? I'm a bastard, I need to do what I can
to get-

Ruby: You are, you are so close in line to the throne now, it’s just between
you and your shitty brothers.

Liam’s eyes widen in realization.

Lou: What is— can we do Perception checks?

Murph: Yeah, can we see like, who’s around?

Brennan: Yeah, anyone here give me a Perception check who wants to.

Siobhan: Can I do one with the help action-

Brennan: I'm also gonna say something right now which is just to, I know that
we're all candy and food people but given how brutal I have been about like
rules this season, I am going to say does anyone here have proficiency with
water vehicles?

Siobhan: Why would we have that?

Brennan: Well-

Emily: I have tarot cards.

Lou: I can cook.

Brennan: Cool. I'm just gonna say right now-

Siobhan: We can’t just steal a boat.

Brennan: Stealing a boat would keep you alive long enough for the first storm,
where you would all die.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: It’s just like in real life if a bunch of people looked at a sailing
ship and were like “let's do it!” and then, blam.

Siobhan: Okay, great. Can I do it with advantage with Yak’s help?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: 16.

Emily: 4.

Siobhan: Oh God even with advantage I—

Murph: 21.

Brennan: 21?

Siobhan: I got a 7.

Ally: For what? Perception?

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Rough. This box is cursed. I'm not using it anymore.

Emily: I don’t use it either.

Ally: 14.

Brennan: Okay 16 and 21 beat the DC so I think Amethar and Theo, you guys see
a lot of merchant vessels here. A ton of Imperial ships over in one section of
the harbor. You see flags of House Cheddar and the Dairy Islands. You see that
the Colby is still there, which is Annabelle’s ship. You see a little ways
away from that are some other Cheddar ships and some ships of various like
vassal houses of House Cheddar, you know House Bleu among them. But you see,
the only ship here you know, is the Colby because you guys have either spent
time\- That was you, know Annabelle inherited that ship from her father, you
both been on the Colby before.

Jet: I gave her the boon.

Theobald: But she\- And she used it to-

Jet: And she used it.

Theobald: To get a religious person into-

Amethar: The Church, or into-

Theobald: Into a marriage with Coldbottle.

Jet: But I'm saying I still had a truce with her that—

Amethar: I mean, Theobald also made a fool of himself the last time. Don't you
remember?

Theobald: I didn’t—

Ruby: Was she there in the church? She wasn't, was she?

Amethar: No, she was there the last time I saw Gustavo.

Theobald: And I questioned her and she was quite sassy with me, and, um...

Amethar: She wasn't sassy.

Theobald: She was a bit sassy. Liam, you were there!

Liam: Yeah, I was there, I'll talk to her, fine.

[cast laughs]

Amethar: No! No!

Ally: Can I try to find her?

Amethar: No!

Ally: Can I try to find her?

Brennan: Okay, so you guys it's about, you have about 10 minutes left on this
Disguise Self. You're still in the carriage, kind of like going past the
harbor, do you want\- You're running out of time on this spell. So, the Colby
is there. Also, who got a 21? You got a 21?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Sprinkle goes,

Sprinkle: (babbling)

Brennan: And you see that there are little like white and yellow and blue
banners and like more white and orange and blue banners, and there's some
little confetti there going up and you see a Stilton and Primsy being wed on
the deck of the ship and it's a captain's wedding. By Annabelle.

Jet: I could crash a wedding.

Theobald: We should sneak.

Jet: I could crash a wedding.

Ally: I cast a Pass Without a Trace on all of us.

Siobhan: Yeah, can we get, can we sneak, stowaway?

Brennan: Oh, shit, you guys wanna stow away?

Lou: I don't know. Are they leaving?

Brennan: Well, you, you don't know if\- Give me a\- What's the check that I
want here? Give me an Insight check.

Emily: 11.

Siobhan: 8.

Murph: 22.

Brennan: 22? Theo as the one— As the one like working class guy here, you
notice the last couple boxes being moved from the dock up onto the ship. So
they're— they’re\- It looks like they're preparing to cast off.

Theobald: Yeah, there was ever time for us to board a ship now is...

Ruby: Does it seem like Primsy and Stilton are gonna get off or they…?

Liam: Yeah, do you think the first time will be any good?

Brennan, registering what Ally said, laughs and has to look down.

Amethar: Or you think they're gonna—

Jet: Liam, your pig just died.

Brennan: Wooof. “Do you think they're gonna get off?” Yeah, do you think-

Lou: Yeah, can we make an Insight check to see if they’re gonna—

Ally: Can I make an Insight with advantage to see if Primsy will cum?

Lou: [crosstalk] Are they gonna fuck the first time?

Murph: Jesus.

Brennan bangs the table with his fist in defeat.

Lou: Okay, I think we're gonna—

Brennan: Hoo!

Emily: I think we're gonna\- Yeah, are there any um, are there any servants or
anything?

Brennan: Oh, yeah. Well, you got a high roll on that. So you see a\- You see a
worried looking Sir Morris Brie, who is now—

Siobhan: Oh, he’s the buddy of-

Brennan: The buddy\- Amethar’s old buddy who is like looking around kind of
worried on the dock he's looking around and he's asking some stuff to some of
the sailors here.

Emily: He’s looking for Manta Ray Jack.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Uh you see\- But yeah, you see Annabelle finishing marrying them you
see that there are some\- Some House Bleu soldiers and people here as well.
But but you guys cast Pass Without a Trace, correct?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Liam you reach into some dark part of yourself, it's like a cold
minty blast of air and you guys are\- Just watch like the shadows congregate
around you. I'm gonna do\- We're gonna do a group Stealth check here so the
way group checks work is we just need half of the people to succeed which in
this case means three out of five people need to succeed on this Stealth
check. I know the passive perception of the people on board the ship. So you
guys go ahead and roll a Stealth check

Ally: If we get a plus 10 to our Stealth for Pass Without a Trace, does that
count for all of us?

Brennan: That counts for all of you and it adds plus 10 to the roll.

Siobhan: Thank god.

Brennan: You're gonna-

Emily: 25.

Brennan: Group checks cannot be rolled with advantage so you’re...

Murph: I was gonna roll\- I was gonna say I roll with disadvantage ‘cause I
have plate, can I use Sprinkle to just cancel it?

Brennan: Oh! You're gonna cancel it yeah, absolutely.

Murph: Great.

Siobhan: I got a 23.

Brennan: 23.

Emily: 25.

Brennan: 25\.

Murph: Uh, fuck\-

Ally: 19

Murph: 12?

Lou: I get plus 10?

Brennan: Plus 10.

Lou: 31.

Ally: I’m sorry, 29.

Brennan: 29? Okay, cool.

Ally: I didn’t add the plus 10.

Brennan: Even with the\- I'm gonna say Amethar, you just pick Theo up so he
stops moving and just like—

Amethar: [whispering] Shut up. Shut up.

Theobald: It’s fine, they’ll think there’s something banging into the boat,
it’s just metal!

Amethar: Shut up, shut up. No they won’t!

Theobald: It’s just metal!

Ruby: Everyone, be quiet!

Brennan: Cool! So what is your guys' strategy, cause it is daylight. What's
your guys’ strategy for getting into the ship? Are you gonna try to just go
like up the ropes or you're going to try to get into the like cargo?

Emily: I wanna\- I just really want to dive into the\- Pulp Bay.

Siobhan: We can't-

Murph: I think let's try to get into the cargo.

Siobhan: Let’s get into the cargo.

Lou: The cargo.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I just wanted to feel the pulp bay.

Brennan: Um, awesome. You guys don't appear to be spotted on your way down. I
mean it's a busy, busy docks, busy harbor you have this like weird magical
aura around you. Just go ahead and give me, uh, I need a Strength check to
just open one of the crates up.

Lou: Nat 20.

Brennan sputters in shock.r

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, Amethar you go over, all these crates are like nailed down,
ready for cargo, you just get your finger just, just your fingers and pull up
all the nails.

Amethar: Everybody in!

Brennan: You guys go in. You have to kick out a bunch of\- Do you go for one
of the like supply and equipment crates one of the food crates?

Murph: Which ones? What kind of\- It doesn't look like food that is being
stored for a long time or does it look like food that people are going to
access like right now? Like is it stuff they're going to take back to the
Dairy Islands?

Brennan: Give me a Perception check.

Emily: If there's a toilet paper one I'll go in that.

Siobhan: Whichever one is the heaviest, because we're heavy.

Brennan: That makes sense. So go ahead and give me your Perception check, if
you'd be so kind.

Murph: Oh my god, okay. 18.

Brennan: Yeah, you look at one, there is a, there's a big heavy one that is
full of fresh drinking milk like what the dairy sailors would drink on their
way.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Because you can't just drink out of the ocean.

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: So you could kick some of those out and it would be a very heavy
crate that you guys could hide in.

Siobhan: Great. And then once we get in, I'd like to go into Yak’s
consciousness and circle so I can see what's going on.

Murph: Ah, that’s smart.

Brennan: Incredible, you see Yak go (squeak). Sort of preens his old feathers
and takes off. He goes way the hell up. Nobody can see a little Candian falcon
flying overhead. You guys get into this big crate.

Murph: I think I'll leave Sprinkle outside because that's a good idea. So if I
hear anything I’ll—

Brennan: Cool give me go ahead and give me a Stealth check for Sprinkle. He's
still got Pass Without a Trace as well.

Murph: Okay come on please. Oh, great. Would his Dex be the same as mine?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Okay, so he got a 24.

Brennan: Awesome. Ah, you guys get in the crate, about 10 minutes later. I'm
gonna say Sprinkle just like inchworms up the gangplank like a little weird
animal, you feel Sprinkle in your head going,

Sprinkle: (happy babbling, laughs)

Brennan: Go hide somewhere.

Murph: He is having fun.

Brennan: Yak flies overhead. You hear joyous cheering.

Annabelle: I now you pronounce you man and wife.

Brennan: Cheer. You hear the noise of steps coming down the gangplank.

Stilton: [French babbling]

Brennan: In Lacra and you hear Stilton Cordeau speak to Primsy Coldbottle and
say,

Stilton: My wife, my darling, I shall be behind you holding you in the center
of my heart.

Brennan: You see, she says

Primsy: Right you’re, I know you have to stay as captain of your boat, but I
shall see you back in Lacramor. I'm so glad the Pontifex saw fit to allow us
to\- Allow us to be together.

Brennan: You hear a little gentle kiss on the lady— on the Duchess Primsy's
hand and Stilton walks away with\- You hear him walking away with your\- With
his House Bleu soldiers. Primsy goes back up the gangplank. You hear Sir
Morris Brie go.

Morris: Right, look, has anyone seen eyes on Manta Ray? He should have posted
up by now.

Siobhan: Can I Message him? You don't need line of sight for Message.

Brennan: Okay, yeah, you can Message him.

Siobhan: Can I Message him,

Ruby: Manta Ray is captured, Castle Candy— The House of Rocks has fallen and
all is lost. Help.

Brennan: You hear him go silent.

Siobhan: In Lacra.

Brennan: In Lacra, ooh! You hear a voice come back and say,

Morris: Who now speaks to me and how?

Ruby: A friend.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Persuasion check.

Siobhan: 20, not nat.

Brennan: [takes an impressed breath] You see he says,

Morris: Where's, spirit, where is Manta Ray being held?

Ruby: In the cathedral.

Morris: If what you say is true, I will know that the spirits of the wide seas
speak to me now. If what you say is false, I shall find the witch that has
cast this spell. If anything has befallen Manta Ray, I will hold it over your
head.

Ruby: You're a good man.

Brennan: Okay. I'm gonna do— this is such a cool move. I'm going to do a roll
in front of the board with advantage. You guys want— I'm gonna say an 11 or
higher definitely, a 15 or higher means very good things. Okay, 12.

Siobhan: 12, alright.

Lou: It’s 11 or higher.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: That's kind of our luck, remember your two nat ones?

Siobhan: Yeah, yeah, I’ll take an 11 or higher.

Brennan: The ship is held, for some time. You hear a voice\- You guys are
actually brought on board the ship and you are deep in the cargo hold, so you
can’t hear anything. Yak and Sprinkle over here and stuff and I'm going to
bend the familiar rules a little bit just to allow you guys to hear what
happens on the deck of the ship. Sprinkle, hidden away in the shadows
(imitates babbling) and Yak circling overhead hear Annabelle shouting angrily
going,

Annabelle: Right, someone tell me where the hell Morris and Manta Ray are,
we're gonna lose the tide if we don't set sail right now!

Brennan: You hear a messenger come up and start talking to her and the
messenger goes like\- One of her sailors goes,

Cheddar Sailor: My Lady, the Emperor is dead. And Candia has declared war. The
King Amethar is a false king. He's been exiled from the Church and Duke Joren
Jawbreaker rules in Candia.

Brennan: You see Annabelle is just stunned and says,

Annabelle: What does this mean?

Brennan: She says,

Cheddar Sailor: I don't know. There is no one atop the Concordant Throne. The
Concord hangs in the balance in open war with Candia.

Brennan: Annabelle goes,

Annabelle: What do we do?

Brennan: And you see that they\-  She tries to look at Primsy, Annabelle\-
Primsy looks at Annabelle and goes,

Primsy: Um, right. As Duchess of Lacramor I, um, I— I— I— Uh, we should— our
allies in Candia— if we were to... The Concord prevents, uhm...

Brennan: And you see that she just starts shaking and Anabelle comes over,
puts a hand on her. Another sailor walks up and says,

Cheddar Sailor: My lady.

Brennan: You see there is a stained with like, like a deep yellow curdled milk
which you recognize as blood. A letter comes up and says,

Cheddar Sailor: My lady, from Sir Brie.

Brennan: And she opens the letter, looks at it and says,

Annabelle: We need to leave at once, anchors up, away. Lower the sails!

Brennan: And you guys feel the ship begin to move and head out to open water.
Or open milk in this case. Uh, how long do you guys stay in a box on a sailing
ship?

Lou: An hour? I feel like an hour.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: Before—

Siobhan: We’re cramping?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Um, you guys are very smart to have said an hour because about 30
minutes later the ship is boarded by Imperial soldiers. [rolls something] You
hear a voice of— Imperial Vegetanian and Ceresian soldiers march through the
hold. They walk over, you hear the voice of Commander Grissini say,

Grissini: Here, in these barrels, check these barrels. How about here, in
these crates?

Brennan: You see that you hear Captain Cheddar say,

Annabelle: Right, these crates are nailed down. You'd have to be an ogre to
open one of these. Alright? No one could have gotten into these, here. Try
your best to pry one open.

Brennan: You see that, Grissini tries to open one. Absolutely can't. And
Annabelle says,

Annabelle: You're gonna keep us past our point of sale. We'll have to go back
and harbor for the night you open every one of these crates.

Brennan: Grissini says,

Grissini: (struggling to open a crate) Alright. They are impossible to open.
Check the barrels, leave the crates.

Brennan: And Grissini and his soldiers take off and you are not found. 30
minutes after that you feel the sharp rolls of the coastal waters give way to
a little bit smoother sailing as Annabelle finds a current out on the open sea
and begins to head west and north out of Pulp Bay. As she begins sailing, what
do you guys do in this crate? Yak is like just soaring in the wind. It's like
mid-afternoon now.

Siobhan: Great, so I can see that there's no other ships coming to deal with
us, we’re out on the high seas.

Brennan: Um, there are- It looks like there are a couple ships sailing far
behind you that look like other Dairy ships.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You see that there are probably like seven or eight House Cheddar
ships, probably like two House Bleu ships, two ships of like House Camembert
and other two ships of House Rocquefortress, you know. So, you know, but like
a little Dairy fleet and, you know, escorting the Duchess out of Pulp Bay.

Theobald: How many people are on the\- Can we see through Sprinkle or Yak how
many people are on our deck?

Brennan: Um, this is a smaller sailing ship, this is not, this is like the
Duchess's personal ship. It's a very fast ship, so it's not like a huge man o’
war. Truly a lot of man o’ wars take a tremendous amount of time and money to
make and a lot of Dairy’s fleet was destroyed 20 years ago and in that time
they've been very poor. So they haven't made that many left. So a lot of the
Dairy’s navy are like, smaller ships that got converted to military ships from
being like merchant vessels or other things like that. So mostly, it's a fleet
of smaller ships there\- In terms of crew on this ship, it probably could hold
a couple dozen. Right now, realistically, it’s being sailed by a dozen sailors
and soldiers.

Theobald: Okay. Cool. I guess we’ll pop out of the box?

Ruby: Yeah.

Amethar: Yeah.

Ruby: I like those odds, even if they’re bad guys, five of us vs twelve of
them, I think we can do it. Five very injured ones of us.

Brennan: Yes.

Theobald: And Primsy’s on here, right?

Ruby: Yeah.

Am Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, Primsy’s on here.

Ruby: I think we should go out-

Theobald: Onto the deck? I think we should call somebody down.

Ruby: You think we should call somebody down? I can call somebody, I can call
Primsy down.

Theobald: Or we- Maybe we just wait and see.

Amethar: I mean-

Theobald: Somebody-

Ruby: We don't know where they're going, they could be going to the Dairy
Islands then we have to get from there to Candia.

Amethar: I feel like everything we heard and saw through the two of you was
positive. I mean, they don't seem to have-

Ally: Can I do like- Stealthily try to go and get the letter that she received
to find out what that reads us.

Brennan: Ooh.

Siobhan: If you do that, I should do that. Because I have- I can pickpocket
her.

Ally: Oh, great, cool. And you have plus 10 to your Stealth, so-

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: How long does Pass Without a Trace last?

Ally: An hour.

Lou: I mean—

Brennan: Okay, so it's, it's, it's faded by now. You'd have to cast it again.

Amethar: I feel like we either call somebody down or walk up. We wanna vote?

Theobald: I think we should not walk up.

Amethar: All right, then call somebody down.

Siobhan: Can I call Primsy down? Can I use Message?

Brennan: Sure. What's the range on Message?

Siobhan: It’s 120.

Brennan: Yeah, you can do it, the ship is probably like about like 60 or 70
feet long and like 20 to 30 feet wide.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: So yes, Message can hit anybody on the ship.

Siobhan: Great.

Ruby: Should I Message Primsy or Annabelle?

Theobald: It's a good question. It is possible that we've been suspicious of
Stilton Curdeau.

Ruby: I don't trust him at all.

Theobald: It could just be the same type of cheese that attacked us. It could
be somebody from his house.

Amethar: I mean, the last thing it felt like Primsy said was questioning, not
certain.

Theobald: Yeah-

Amethar: I mean-

Theobald: I mean, we might as well check with Annabelle; we could always knock
her out if she doesn’t want to play ball.

Liam: Could we- Could we call Annabelle down here and just have you meet her,
Amethar, and have a conversation with she and you and the four of us are
hiding.

Ruby: Jet has a better relationship with her than—

Liam: What I think—

Jet: I think Primsy's the way to go.

Amethar: I agree.

Ruby: Primsy?

Jet: Yeah.

Theobald: I don't know if Primsy is gonna be able to help us.

Liam: Can Primsy change the direction of the boat? Primsy will have to
convince Annabelle anyway.

Amethar: It’s Primsy’s ship.

Ruby: It's Primsy's ship and she's the Duchess.

Liam: It doesn't sound like she is doing a good job.

Theobald: Primsy would need to say a couple of confident sentences in order to
tell people where to go.

Ruby: I'll call Annabelle.

Liam: Yeah, right? I say it's just Amethar meeting her and have it be, you
know, war leader to war leader this conversation.

Ruby: Well, but... I'm Messaging them so she'll know.

Liam: Okay.

Jet: I don't think that- I don’t- She didn't strike me as someone who was
suspicious of witchcraft.

Ruby: Annabelle?

Jet: Yeah. She may be more open-minded.

Theobald: I don't think she's suspicious of witchcraft. I don't know why she
wants Stilton Curdeau, who I got the vibe was possibly involved in the cheese
attack on the road—

Ruby: Yeah.

Theobald: She's for some reason involved with him.

Liam: Fuck!

Theobald: Or maybe she just really cares about Primsy Coldbottle and wants her
to get married.

Jet: Why don't I just go up there and just be a hostage?

Ruby: That's wild. I'm calling Primsy.

Ally: If they’re my favored enemy I get advantage on like, checks on them.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Can I try to do a check?

Brennan: What type of skill would you like?

Ally: Let's see. I get-

Brennan: Well, it's on all Intelligence based checks.

Ally: Okay, yeah.

Brennan: So this could be History. It could be Religion. It could be Nature.
It could be whatever-

Ally: I'm wondering between Primsy and Annabellele, who we should pick so can
I do a Intelligence check on?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and just make a- Make a flat Intelligence check with
advantage.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Jet: Well, counterpoint: Annabelle was dethroned.

Ruby: Yeah.

Ally: 11, 10 or 11.

Brennan: Oh, 10 or 11? Okay, and you're- Okay, 10 or 11. You were so blasted
drunk when you were interacting with them. And Annabelle you saw yell at Theo
and you so I think your insight is like Annabelle is mad and Primsy, you
talked to when you were drunk. And I think that you are probably in an equal
boat to the rest of you guys, no pun intended. Where you know, you guys know
where you stand with like the Church and the Vegetanians and Fructera and all
that, the Dairy- The Dairy Islands are a real coin flip for you guys and I
think that you're not going to find the information you need to be confident
in a choice. There is a leap of faith aspect here.

Jet: I am a bastard, I could go up there and say that I am angry at King
Amethar for lying to me and I snuck on their boat.

Ruby: That’s- I'm gonna message Primsy and I'm gonna ask you to come down
here.

Amethar: Great.

Jet: Okay. We're all just spitballing, I was just spitballing.

Amethar: Great idea.

Ruby: No, I see you I hear you, I'm doing something different.

Theobald: We can at the very least ask Primsy where we're going.

Amethar: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah. I cast Message on Primsy.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: And I say,

Ruby: Primsy I invoke the friendship of House Candy and House Lacra- House
Rocks and House Lacra.

Brennan: You- Go ahead and make me a Persuasion check.

Siobhan: Okay. 20 not nat.

Brennan: You hear a voice say

Primsy: Are these- Are these the fair folk? The Milky spirits who dance on the
waves? I- My nan had always said that you were real but- But then the priest
said you weren’t. I- I always knew the fairies are real!

Ruby: Primsy, come to the hold and I'll show you a secret.

Primsy: Alright, I should tell you I'm I'm betrothed now so if you're looking-

Ruby: It’s not a sexual secret.

Primsy: Okay.

Ally: That’s what I thought at first too, I was just like-

Lou: What?

Ally: I was just like, “excuse me”.

Brennan: She says,

Primsy: I meant more than you might give me- You might have given me a unicorn
and I was like-

Ruby: Primsy.

Primsy: ‘Cause those only go if you're not- If you're not wed-

Ruby: Primsy.

Primsy: Right?

Ruby: The hold.

Primsy: I can see about them if you're gonna give me a unicorn- Okay.

Brennan: You see- You see she says

Primsy: Can I- Can I bring my cousin Annabelle or—

Ruby: No.

Primsy: Alright. Ooh, this is scary. Alright, alright. Oooh, this is scary.
Can I bring a lantern?

Ruby: Yes, you may bring a lantern.

Primsy: Uhh, I’m gonna go below decks! Uhhh, this is scary! This is very
exciting!

Brennan: You see—

Ruby: Oh, she’s dumb, I didn't know- I didn't track her as dumb before.

Liam: Yes!

Amethar: She's not dumb. She's just young and fanciful.

Ruby: She’s 16!

Liam: We’re the same age.

Brennan: You guys- So you see that- You feel a little light coming through the
cracks of the crate. And you hear Primsy’s voice out loud saying,

Primsy: Spirit. I am the Duchess Primsy Coldbottle of the House of Cheddar.
Duchess of Lacramor and the Daily Islands. Um-

Siobhan: Can we break out of the crate waving the things- The milk silk flags
that she gave us?

Murph: I send- I send a Message first and I say

Theobald: Don't scream, no matter what you see.

Emily: Oh my god, that's so threatening.

Brennan: I’m gonna need a Persuasion check with disadvantage if you’d be so
kind.

Murph: Fuck!

Ally: Cause that was the scariest sentence any of us have ever heard?

Emily: Truly the scariest thing.

Ally: “Don’t scream, no matter what you see” that's like a movie trailer for a
horror movie.

Murph: ...3?

(laughing)

Brennan: Cool, what does Amethar do?

Lou: As soon as possible I open the door.

Brennan: Cool, so she hears in her head “Don't scream, no matter what you see”
and a crate bursts open and she goes (screaming).

Emily: I shove the milk in her mouth.

Primsy: (screaming) I’m being killed!

Ruby: You’re not being killed, you’re not being killed, it’s us!

Theobald: You’re not being killed!

Ruby: It’s us, we’re friends!

Murph: Bad move.

Brennan: You guys hear the stamping of feet as-

Amethar: Weapons down!

Lou: I take- I throw my Payment Day on the ground.

Emily: I tuck my weapon in my bag.

Ally: I hide- Can I try to hide?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it!

Emily: I guess I should try to hide too.

Murph: Yeah, that's fine.

Brennan: You said you're putting your weapons down.

Ally: Nat one.

Emily: No, I said in my backpack.

Brennan: In your back pocket, okay. What’s that?

Murph: Liam rolled a nat one.

Ally: Nat one.

Brennan: Nat one, okay. You just flatten and your body's kind of floating in
the bilge milk.

(Liam is crying)

Brennan: Yeah, you’re actively weeping and can’t hide. You see yeah, 12
sailors and Annabelle come thundering in, weapons drawn. Annabelle looks and
says

Ruby: (hands up) We invoke the ancient concord between Candia and the Dairy
Islands.

Jet: Hey, is us, the princesses, you gave us this!

Ruby: Yeah, we're friends, remember?

Jet: Don’t you remember I gave you that cheeseboard that-

Annabelle: Right now you’re five stowaways. Wanted fugitives endangering
myself, my crew, my Duchess, wanted by the Imperial Army. That’s the—

Ruby: Yeah, pretty cool, uh?

Brennan: Give me a Persuasion check.

Ally: What did you say?

Siobhan: “Pretty cool, huh?” That's a 21.

Brennan: She holds her saber at you.

(Ruby points finger guns at Annabelle)

Annabelle: (puts her saber back) Right, that's pretty cool.

Brennan: She takes out a letter and says,

Annabelle: This is a letter from Sir Morris Brie, saying that a spirit spoke
to him and told him where Manta Ray Jack was. Right now he's hiding out in the
city having rescued Manta Ray.

Ruby: Oh, thank goodness.

Amethar: That’s so good to hear.

Ruby: I tried to save him, but I dropped my thieves tools.

Annabelle: So you're taking credit for this, you’re a spirit?

Siobhan: I Message her.

Ruby: Yeah, bitch.

Brennan: She drops it and stumbles backwards, amazed.

Annabelle: You, in the middle of fleeing, gave a message to Sir Morris to save
Manta Ray.

Ruby: Yes, he was a good man. He is a good man. I wanted to save him, I tried
to, but it was too late.

Liam: Lapin died, and so did my best friend Preston.

Brennan: Primsy walks over and puts her arms around you and takes you into a
deep hug.

Liam starts crying.

Primsy: There, there. I am so sorry for the loss of your chancellor and of
your noble steed.

Liam: (in a broken voice) Thank you.

Brennan: She looks up at Annabelle, Annabelle looks down at her. I think I'm
going to actually ask for a group Persuasion check right now. I just want you-
You’re not- No one's saying anything, just you guys standing there.

Siobhan: 9.

Emily: 21.

Lou: 12.

Murph: 7.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: 8.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: Okay-

Emily: But I got a 21.

Brennan: You guys are bloodied and a mess. Annabelle sort of glares at you
Theo, looks around and says

Annabelle: Of all the ships who could have stood away on, why the Colby? I'll
be very clear: the Dairy Islands can do nothing to save Candia.

Ruby: We're not asking you to do anything we just need to get to the Great
Stone Candy Mountains.

Annabelle: By helping you, we declare war on every Kingdom in Calorum.

Ruby: Please don't make us make you.

Amethar: Nobody needs to know.

Annabelle: Please don't make me? Understand here, I know you might be some
kind of witch or sorceress; the rumors about how things go in Candia are far
and wide on the open sea. You might get to me before my sword gets to you, but
understand that my crew will finish what I start. And if it doesn't, then
you'll be here with a bunch of dead sailors on the open sea. And it won't be
very long before you find the end you're trying to avoid.

Amethar: We mean no violence.

Annabelle: Your daughter might.

Ruby: I don't.

Amethar: She doesn't.

Ruby: I'm just scared.

Amethar: We're all scared. It's been a crazy day and we came to the ship
because of the history that our people have. The war and every day I regret
listening to my father and not being there for the Dairy Islands when we
should have been. And we aim to find the man who helped you when you were in
need and support him and protecting Candia.

Liam: He's my dad. And I need to get back there so that we can go fucking kill
that carrot.

Brennan: Annabelle puts her hand through her hair, I mean, you look at
Annabelle and Primsy and see two people that are looking at an array of
terrible options. You see that- She looks and says,

Annabelle: King Jawbreaker came to the defense of the Dairy Islands when no
one else would. Prince Liam, you have our respect. And I know at least that
you had the decency to see a good sailor saved.

Liam: I’m now a war guy.

Annabelle: Well, war has a funny way of making us all war guys, I suppose.
We're not Imperial troops and we don't need to do the Empire's dirty work. So
we're not going to fight you. We're not going to execute you. We're not gonna
do anything like that because it's not our place, not our task. However, any
aid we provide to you could be construed as an act of war against the Concord,
so you understand how our hands are tied. Aye? Seeing as we can no longer take
the course we were planning because we are down one crate of drinking milk. We
will make the fastest course for Lacramor, you will be our guests and our
prisoners, until such time as we arrive at Lacramor, where we will assemble
the Council of the Duchess to decide then what is to be done. Can this be
agreed upon by all parties?

Ruby: I don't see that we have a choice.

Annabelle: I don't see that we have one either.

Ruby: I hope you understand why we put you in this position.

Annabelle: Somewhere a bloody Sir Morris Brie is hanging on to that rascal
Jack. And that's thanks to you.

Brennan: You see Primsy speaks up and says,

Primsy: And I am married to the love of my life because of you. Had not given
Annabelle that boon, then I could not be wed to my sweetheart.

Jet: I think Annabelle would've won it either way.

Brennan: Annabelle looks at you and says,

Annabelle: Flattery will get you nowhere, but I do appreciate it.

Jet: Okay. Still got me a little somewhere.

Brennan: See, she shakes her head and says,

Annabelle: Right. Well, we're all doomed. Let's see these prisoners are taken
to some finer quarters, fed and clothed. And we don't need any chained hands
on a moving ship. So I trust that you will stay by our side until this can be
resolved in a fair and just manner.

Ruby: Thank you.

Annabelle: Alright. Get them fed.

Brennan: Hits the wall of the ship and you guys go upstairs.

Ally: Can I talk to Amethar and Theo?

Brennan: Yeah you guys- The sailors start bringing you guys out, you're
walking in the hallway and they're bringing you to rooms that have like
hammocks and places to sleep and you know there's- There's some nice quarters
here in the ship and they give you food. It looks like you have- No one here
is giving you guys... Everyone hears in stunned amazement because several of
the largest political events of the past lifetime since the end of the war
have happened today. And everyone's just trying to like be reeling and then be
like, I've got to fix the sails, you know, like doing mundane work in the
middle of like, madness. Yeah, you guys can talk amongst each other. You guys
are in a private room again.

Liam: I feel so angry and I don't know. I just feel obsessed with revenge. And
I'm wondering if this is normal. I don't want to go to the Dairy Islands and
then go to Candia.

Amethar: I mean, we don't want to do that either. And with regard to what
you're feeling, I mean, that, for me, is rage. And I would encourage you, as a
potential new war guy, to figure out how you channel that and use that, rather
than letting it take over you. That takes time and effort but you're a strong
kid. But, I mean, you've had a lot taken away from you Liam.

Liam: Yeah... I have.

Brennan: You see after a little while. Dinner is held. You hear a hum from the
crew up above as you guys are kind of just- You've sort of been asked to like
stay in your room which is fine cause it's more comfortable anyway. But you
hear a little hum from some of the sailors up above you of an old Candian sea
shanty and you see that the Duchess Primsy comes down and says,

Primsy: I was wondering if I could invite you to a small after dinner tea in
the captain's quarters. I, I sleep in the captain's quarters in a bunk bed
with me cousin, so. Um, but you know, cuz I'm not really the captain- The ship
is mine but it's not. It’s mine-

Ruby: We would love to.

Jet: I love your ship.

Primsy: The Colby! She's great. It's nice. You know it's funny because she's
mine in the harbor but then when we're at sea it's Annabelle’s so it's, it's
sort of like- We share which, is nice.

Jet: That's a nice—

Ruby: That's a- Yeah, we get it.

Jet: Yeah.

Brennan: The Duchess takes you into her quarters. There's a lovely little milk
tea, little sweet sort of honey taste in there as well. And she looks and
says,

Primsy: Uhm, I wanted to say thank you and I don't know what it is that we're
going to do. And you know, Annabelle has forsworn a lot of this sort of
politics stuff. And uhm- But there are smart people and I think if we get back
to, back to Lacramor we can find a way for some of this to work. I am not
going to say anything that endangers the Dairy Islands or the Concord. But I
will say that I know that all of this can get so complicated but what's not
complicated is that I know that you're good people. And when we get back, you
can meet Stilton! Who's my new husband!

Ally: Can I peel out and try to find, uh...

Brennan: Annabelle?

Ally: Annabelle, yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Jet: Primsy, um, you're in charge. So what you say goes, Annabelle is not in
charge.

Ruby: Yeah, you're in charge.

Jet: And you could easily fix this situation by just-

Siobhan: And Lord Stilton isn’t in charge.

Jet: -by just, by-

Primsy: Well-

Jet: You could easily fix the situation by just lending us a sailor and a
rescue boat. And then we're out of your hair.

Ruby: Row. We could even row, if you go close enough to the shore we-

Primsy: No- I-

Brennan: Yous see that she immediately gets very uncomfortable. She goes

Primsy: Right, no, I- I understand. Look, I know that Annabelle's not in
charge I know that she- She was next in line, but she gave that up-

Ruby: Primsy you’re a strong, powerful woman, repeat it after me.

Primsy: I'm a strong, powerful woman.

Ruby: And you don't let anybody else tell you what to do.

Primsy: I don't let- I don't let anyone else tell me what to do.

Brennan: Sloshing milk bottle.

(laughing)

Ruby: Because you're in charge.

Primsy: I'm in charge. No and that's what Stilton says too and he's right
about everything.

Theobald: Does he have- Duchess, does your husband have enemies within his own
house or?

Primsy: No, not- Not that I'm aware. No. Why would you ask that? Are you- Do
you know anything?

Jet: His house made an assassination attempt on King Amethar.

Ruby: Or at least people disguised as this house.

Jet: Well, technically people disguised as meat people.

Ruby: Yes, but maybe it was a double disguise.

Theobald: There was blue cheese on the road, violent blue cheese.

Brennan: She looks and says.. [makes a roll] she says,

Primsy: Right, it’s so strange. I mean, Stilton did say that— I don't think he
has any enemies in his house. I mean, there was that- The wee problem of him
having taken those vows when he was a youth and then a bunch of other spaces
cleared in line, and he became the heir to House Bleu, which no one was sort
of expecting. A lot of sort of deaths in his family, and there was also the
matter of- We had a letter from the Lady Plumbeline that said that it was
likely that King Amethar was going to be named successor, but that she had
spoken to her father, the Concordant Emperor and that it was very possible
that if it were not to be him, and he were to turn him down that, that I would
be named the successor which I was dreading because I didn't want- It's hard
enough to run the Dairy Islands, but Stilton seemed very excited about the
prospect of me becoming the Concordant Empress.

Theobald: What is your cousin's relationship with Stilton?

Primsy: She's told me. Well, when he first started to court me, she called him
a stinking little squib, and say that I should have nothing whatsoever to do
with him, but I am a strong woman—

Primsy points to Ruby, who points back.

Primsy: —and I said that he was very sweet and cordial so I liked him. She
didn't like him at first, but I told her that it would make me happy and so
she got behind it, I suppose.

Siobhan: Can I do an Insight check into this stuff?

Brennan: Yeah. Go for it.

Siobhan: Not very good, 9, 8.

Murph: I'll do one as well. Nat 1. She’s lying.

Brennan: Yeah you guys don’t read anything on her, she just goes, she says,

Primsy: Right but you know, Annabelle quieted down and when I told her that I
had my heart set on him and know that we're wed and Stilton is now the Lord
Consort Cheddar and will sit by my side in Lacramor a little bit of an upgrade
for Lord Bleu, you know, Annabelle will have to get used to taking orders from
him, I suppose, so—

Ruby: No, no, no, she takes orders from you.

Primsy: No, of course, me first. Yeah of course, he's the Lord Consort and you
know, it only in the event of that will pass to our children when we have them
one day (crosses fingers) and- Or in the event if anything would happen to me,
he of course would inherit the throne.

Theobald: Right, uhm- Duchess, just to kind of do the math out loud. We were
attacked by some Bleu soldiers on the road. You have married the Lord Consort,
who will become the king if something were to happen to you. Just be careful
around—

Jet: [whispering] Hey Theobald?

Theobald: Yeah?

Jet: Not on her wedding day.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me- Give me a Charisma check, a little Persuasion
check. Is that a 2? Hey, [to the camera] shout out to the two crew.

(Emily laughing)

Murph: [with his glasses off in exasperation] Why this crossover? Of all the
NADDPOD crossovers, why rolling a 2? So many things! Watch this, can I get a
review? My god.

Brennan: She gets up and says

Primsy: I think tea has rather been ruined.

Murph: (laughs) Milk people fucking hate me.

Brennan: She says

Primsy: Right now, my husband is sailing in his flagship, the Dairy Air and-

Amethar: Is it behind us?

Prismy: Aye it it, and I think I'm going to go up to the crow's nest and wave
a sweet hello to my husband, separated as we are on our wedding day, and you
have a good evening and think about maybe how to be more polite in the future.
And I'm a strong woman. And so I'll say this to you. You're a nutter.

Brennan: And she—

Murph: Theobald is shocked and horrified.

Theobald: That is the meanest thing she's ever said to anybody. She called me
a nutter!

Amethar: You need to stop being mean to these people!

Theobald: I wasn’t mean!

Jet: First you threatened her inside her head.

Theobald: She was- I agree.

Emily: Can I stealth? I wanna stealth behind her. I don't trust her going up
on the crow's nest. I feel like someone's gonna kill her.

Brennan: Okay, cool. You stealth behind. Give me a Stealth check.

Lou: Yeah, do we have free rein of the ship?

Emily and Siobhan: Nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20?

Ally: Nat 20.

Emily: Now I got a fucking nat 20. Motherfuck me!

Brennan: You get- You’re a fucking shadow. You go find Annabelle, Liam. What
do you say to- Annabelle’s up on the deck of the ship. She's not that- She's
at the helm-

Liam: Hello, Annabelle. Your haircut looks fresh, and it's really masculine
yet feminine in a way that's strong, yet tender.

Brennan: Give me a Charisma check with advantage.

Ally: 16\. 14 negative 2 Charisma.

Brennan: She goes,

Annabelle: Well, that's what I was going for. So I appreciate that.

Liam: Hell yeah. Look, we got fucking creamed. We were in the cathedral and
people poured in trying to kill us. We were completely set up. As you know, I
lost my best friend. And we just don't have time to go to the Dairy Islands.
We need you to drop us off at the Great Stone Candy Mountain. I'll have my dad
Joren Jawbreaker personally thank you and shake your hand and sign anything
that you want to sign. He's got a lot of merch. He's got a lot of books about
Kamasutra and between him and his partners and his partners’ partners, there
are over 35 sexy singles of any sexuality or gender that you could desire. And
you would get eaten alive upside down by that group because they would find
you so attractive. Eaten alive, Annabelle. They would turn you inside out and
eat you alive.

Siobhan: Can I Hex Annabelle just to give her disadvantage on whatever throw
she’s about to make?

Brennan: I will allow Hex that- To give Liam here- I think that you get
advantage for boldness and disadvantage for madness here. (Ally laughs) Give
me a straight Persuasion check.

Ally: Uhh, 4.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Annabelle: Just stand still, alright?

Brennan: She got— rolled a nat 20 and a nat 1 with a disadvantage you gave
her. Misses horribly a slap as you lean back because she stumbles as she looks
behind her.

Siobhan: Shit!

Brennan: She looks behind her and says,

Annabelle: Right. What's- What's that?

Brennan: She takes out a spyglass, makes a Perception check and says

Annabelle: Strange.

Brennan: And she goes and walks off the deck.

Ally: I follow her.

Emily: Am I up in the crow's nest with Annabelle— Uhm, Primsy?

Brennan: Oh, yes. Primsy? Yes you are.

Emily: Do I see anything? A ship or anything like that? Pirates?

Brennan: You see- Yeah, you see some ships. Just give me a Perception check.

Emily: 14.

Brennan: Yeah you see that as you guys are sailing... I'm also going to need
a— We're actually going to do a Box of Doom roll here in a role playing
episode real quick.

Lou: I'm sorry, what?

Brennan: Real quick, gang, sorry, one second.

Siobhan: He’s crazy.

Lou: What a crazy day, a lot of changes going on.

Siobhan: Yeah, we're about to go into a fight with such low HP-

Murph: It's truly so funny how much the milk people hate me.

Brennan: Okay, um, we're gonna roll some luck checks right now. I need one of
you guys to give me some luck checks.

Siobhan: Lou’s been rolling really hot.

Brennan: Murph?

Murph: Fuck. What?

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: We need some luck checks.

Siobhan: No!

Emily: [crosstalk] But you’ve been hot this evening.

Lou: No, he’s giving him the opportunity to grow. This is growth.

Siobhan: Murph, I believe in you. I—

Emily: I mean this is good, you’ve been hot this evening.

Brennan: I'm gonna need three luck checks in a row.

Murph: Fuck!

Lou: I love you Murph, no matter what.

Siobhan: I love you Murph, this is all good.

Brennan: 7\.

Siobhan: I like you Murph, I really like you.

Lou: I like you a lot.

Brennan: 16.

Lou: Back to love!

Siobhan: Back to love.

Brennan: 14.

Lou: I'm gonna say I love you Murph, I'm gonna say I love you. Growth, that's
growth.

Murph: That's like a 12 average which is huge for me.

Lou: Plus 10, baby!

Siobhan: Pretty good. Higher than average!

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Um, so those last two rolls. You guys see an up and alert crew of
Cheddar sailors on the deck which is great. You also see the— as you sort of
round into the Yogurt Shoals, you got- You're sort of looking at the sailing
behind you. You look out and see that all of the other ships have sailed off
in a different direction, except for the two House Bleu ships. That first roll
however, you hear a crack of thunder and little droplets of milk begin to rain
down from on high as the wind picks up, Annabelle shouts up and says,

Annabelle: Right, Primsy, you better get down from there!

Brennan: And as the ships begin to approach, I need to know where everybody
is. So Amethar and Theo, you guys are still below decks, right?

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm on the deck.

Brennan: On the deck.

Emily: I’m up in the crow’s nest-

Brennan: You’re up with Primsy, that’s correct.

Murph: I’m definitely just keeping- I'm just away from everyone.

Brennan: You see- You see Primsy calls down and says,

Primsy: It looks like the rest of our fleet has sailed off. I'm not sure—

Brennan: You hear (arrow noises) and as the House Bleu ships begin to close,
you see arrows firing from the House Bleu ships, onto—

Emily: I cover Primsy.

Brennan: You see they- The ships begin to catch up, Annabelle starts to shout,

Annabelle: Lower the sails. Full speed! Full speed!

Brennan: And you see that the famously fast Colby has some damaged sails and
is not sailing at full speed. She- Annabelle gives the call, the two ships
begin to come up alongside, one of them rams- as the sails start going crazy.
One of them rams the side of the Colby and you feel the ships- The House Bleu
ships have something under their keels. You hear a horrifying groan deep under
the water and hear a rush of milk going into the prow of the ship. The front
of the Colby snaps, you're almost thrown and the Colby’s front goes deep under
the yogurt. I am going to need all of you to roll initiative.

[adventurous music]

Siobhan: Happy birthday, Zac.

Murph: Oh no!

Lou: Can we say- Can that- We haven’t taken a long rest.

Brennan: Oh sorry!

Lou: Can it be a short rest?

Brennan: It’s a short rest.

Lou: That we did in that in the hole?

Brennan: It's a short rest. Well, our beleaguered heroes are taking a short
rest. Tune in next week for another episode of A Crown of Candy.

Lou: What?

[NEXT EPISODE : [Episode 8: Deep Bleu
Sea](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQnc577_NI0IEI7F-jMam-
WMoPe_1Q5xt6F_-54ooOhM0zIV5etRp80B26HfvDnkfGgHXQKww130-Qx/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647627985939&usg=AOvVaw2evLceIEjP97JuT-
FJ0X3d)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

Liam: Someone killed my best friend. For ten years, I only had one friend!

Brennan: You hear Primsy screaming up in the crow's nest. You hear Annabelle
shouting orders. The ship is going down.

Sailor: Captain, Captain, House Bleu they're attacking!

Annabelle: Hold onto the rigging! Hold on!

Murph: Kill some dudes and also to take the ship.

Amethar: I can do that.

Brennan: Crack! As the wood shatters, peppermint bolt [thunk] though the head.

Amethar: Let's go to war, guys.

Murph: Listen to the yogurt bear.

Brennan rolls something in the Box of Doom.

Siobhan: Come on.

(upbeat music)

* * *

Captions extracted by: Janchovies#5634

Edited by: glugunshots, @the---archive, Kyber Bonsai, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjows_Kxhxo3LvWTNFb7PZMZeyBzxXNCGALvmhlCLEMkSVyKk6gIjbnh7OhRbLX_rTXbvPba92f3jkhNAuVw:0)

Episode 8: Deep Bleu Sea

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks;

and Director Micheal Schaubach as himself

Episode 8: Deep Bleu Sea

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRkPv69HhS08Fjf2dvwfXe3n6C_oue0S1Dd_4JWn56d1
---
2A_5TIrYfqoChAtnqPmD95CqriIH23IL/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647630726497&usg=AOvVaw2lD2LATakQMSoLqdSSDQc8)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQI5Cg6t65A5EUDfZ9jYqMRrIcAcebCh-
Mwwl3THhU4oRk4IJ2ChkktrTj5Amtp6JS0cbz6bXDpJG6-/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647630726914&usg=AOvVaw2nm-J7HMSNaY-
NiWDpLWMf)] >

(upbeat music)

Brennan: Hello, one and all, and welcome to another exciting episode of A
Crown of Candy. I'm your humble Dungeon Master Brennan Mulligan, with me are
some of our intrepid heroes, say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Yo-ho, intrepid heroes!

Ally and Siobhan laugh as Brennan looks taken aback.

Emily: We planned that behind your back.

Siobhan: It was planned, we talked about it.

Lou: [with promise] We planned a lot of other things too. [sips water]

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Whoaaa.

Ally: Get ready.

Siobhan: Tactics.

Brennan: Last we met our heroes, they had been sailing from Pulp Bay around
the Yogurt Shoals. After dinner they had nice tea with the Duchess Primsy
Coldbottle, and are very high-born technically prisoners of the Dairy
Islanders, caught between some rock candy and a sharp place, get it, cheddar
cheese?

Siobhan: Nice.

Murph: Get out of here.

Ally: Get out.

Brennan: Where helping their old allies would make them enemies of the
Concord, but not helping them would ruin their honor. While figuring out what
to do, the Duchess Primsy Coldbottle explained that she was married to the
very ambitious, up-and-coming, devout, young lord of House Bleu, Stilton
Cordeau and a bunch of threads started to connect when all of a sudden, the
Dairy Air came alongside the Colby, rammed her underneath with some cheese
steel along the keel, and scuttled the ship, which began to sink. We begin in
the dark aboard the Colby in the midst of the Yogurt Shoals in the great Dairy
Sea, as a storm, [imitates the sound of roaring thunder] rages around. In
brief flashes of lightning, you see figures aboard the other ships, but the
faint light of the torches on the Colby illuminates only a small area of what
you can see on the water. As you look around, the ship sinking, you see your
fate and hear the cries of the House Bleu Marauders. First to act in
initiative is Amethar.

Lou: All right, okay. To start, can I make Perception checks to kind of get a
sense of like, we've come up from the bottom... Yeah, I just wanna, like, get
a, can I just make a general Perception check as to what's going on?

Brennan: Make a general Perception check.

Lou: Here we go.

Murph: So general.

Lou: So general. 15.

Brennan: 15, you hear Primsy screaming up in the crow’s nest. You hear
Annabelle shouting orders. The ship is going down, but it looks like she is
using the rudder to at least try to keep it from plunging deeper and even
faster. She is shouting to get away from the water. Ships don't sink fast but
they sink hard and the force of this thing going down into the water will be
enough to create down-suction to suck people in after it if it goes down fast
enough.

Lou: I turn to Theobald.

Amethar: Theobald, what do you think the move is?

Theobald: Get onto these other ships to kill some dudes and also to take the
ship.

Amethar: Alright, I can do that!

Lou: How- I'm gonna- In terms of making a jump from this ship to the back, to
the prow? Bow? Starboard. Like jumping, from here to here? Yeah, let me, I
will go into a- I will stand- I will stand up there and then go into a rage to
minimize harm to others.

Brennan: You, okay, so you get up where to go into a rage?

Lou: I would like to go, what is [jump sound effect] 5, 10-

Brennan: So immediately? That's difficult terrain.

Lou: Okay, great.

Brennan: So that's gonna be, so that is, from here that is [moving Amethar’s
mini up the ship] 10, 20.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: So that's, you've got, you have 20 feet of movement. Now, what you,
you're gonna move past this-

Lou: So that’s, we're already at 20 movement there?

Brennan: So yeah, it's 5- Or yeah, it's gonna be 10, 20, 30, 40, to get up
here.

Lou: That's all of my movement to get right there?

Brennan: You are scrambling, on like, hands and feet, up a 45 degree angle,
barrels and debris and chains and hooks are rolling past you into the milk.

Lou: [sighs] All right.

Amethar: I think I gotta jump later.

Theobald: Do what you can, my lord.

Lou: Yeah, let me take a, can I take a full dash action to get up further,
like even for like-

Brennan: Yeah, that's gonna be 40 and actually going up there, so that's gonna
be actually 45, 55, 65. You're gonna have to, take 65, you could do 75 and end
here.

Lou: Will I have full cover from people on the boat?

Brennan: If they are firing at you from there, it looks like yes, you will
have full cover.

Lou: Great, I'd like to duck down even more. If- Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. I
don't like it but at least for now, this feels like the smartest thing to do.

Brennan: Awesome, great. So you just run up the ship, as fast as you can,
trying to get to the helm. That is Amethar's turn. That is going to be these
sailors of House Cheddar. The sailors of House Cheddar, what do they hear from
Theo and Amethar, by the way, as you guys start running?

Theobald: We need to get one of these ships or we're going into this yogurt!

Brennan: [laughs] All right, so that's gonna be-

Emily: Oh, yeah, that's yogurt.

Siobhan: The tiny deep.

Emily: It wouldn't hurt too hard to fall in yogurt. It'd feel nice actually.
Gilear would love it.

Brennan: [to the camera] Shout out to Gilear. So that's gonna be...

Ally: [imitating Gilear] Oh, no.

Siobhan: [joins in] It appears that I have-

Ally: I seem to be drowning in—

Siobhan: -fallen in the yoghurt. How very ironic.

Brennan: So these guys are gonna run, so it's gonna be, they're gonna follow
to try to go, try to go on these ships. So it's gonna be, first one is gonna
be 10, 20, 35, 40, with an extra move action and he's actually gonna reach
over and fire a little crossbow down at one of those Marauders down there.
That's a miss. It's gonna be, rushed back over here, and bum, bum, bum, up
here, yeah, the Cheddar, are all moving further up. These guys are gonna take
some, so there’ll be three shots down there at those Marauders. That is one
hit. [arrow sound effects] Just firing into the dark, [thwip thwip thwip
thwip] as fast as they can. And then another one down there. Oh, shit! One of
them hits a nat 20. [pfft] Oh you see that these cheese women starting running
up,

Sailor: Captain, Captain, House Bleu! They're attacking. They're firing into
the night.

Brennan: Annabelle keeps yelling.

Annabelle: Hold onto the rigging! Hold on!

Brennan: As the ship begins to descend into the yogurt. That's gonna be Ruby.

Siobhan: Okay. I would like to run up to these grappling hooks and- So I’ll
run to the one that's closest to me and try and get that one off, and then I
wanna send my Mage Hand to the other one to get that one off.

Brennan: Okay, awesome. Go ahead, and for the one... I'm gonna say that you
don't need Sleight of Hand, your Sleight of Hand is high enough to make it, no
sweat. You just need a Strength check to actually pull them out because there
they are so, they are tight on the line for climbing purposes.

Siobhan: Great. Can I get Yak to come in and give me advantage?

Brennan: On one of the rolls.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: So on your roll you will have advantage. This is a DC 15 Strength
check.

Siobhan: Okay, great. Well, I have zero Strength. So that's good. Ah, 15.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Whoa!

Ally: Nice.

Brennan: This is the Mage Hand?

Siobhan: This is the Mage Hand. 16.

Brennan: Oh my god! Ruby, you leap into action and you feel like as you move,
you feel a wind of Candian spirit energy go past you in the other direction as
your Mage Hand reaches out behind you. Both the grappling hooks come undone.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: And fall into the water.

Siobhan: Fantastic.

Brennan: Incredible. Awesome, awesome. That is going to be, what a turn! Liam,
that's gonna be you.

Ally: Okay, can I roll an Insight check on the big guy in this boat?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Oh, let’s see... 7?

Brennan: Ah, it's too dark. You can't read his face. (makes whooshing sounds)

Ally: Oh, but I can see in the dark.

Brennan: Ooh!

Ally: Don’t I get advantage on the Insight?

Brennan: No, no, you look into, you looking with a 7, he looks like an angry,
mean pirate. He's a mean, mean pirate.

Ally: So no info about him? Okay.

Murph: It's not Stilton Cordeau?

Brennan: No, you do not see Stilton.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: Okay. Baby, get ready for these attacks. I am going to fire my crossbow
with Hail of Thorns.

Brennan: Woo!

Siobhan: Nice.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: So you’re casting Hail of Thorns.

Ally: Interesting. 19?

Brennan: Hold on one second, Hail of Thorns. What did you, who are you
attacking? And what did you roll?

Ally: This guy, 19.

Brennan: 19 hits.

Ally: I am casting a second level Hail of Thorns.

Brennan: Jesus.

Ally: So that means that he takes a d10.

Brennan: So that's a d10, I’m sorry, hold on one sec, yeah. So this is just
the normal damage.

Ally: Yeah, this is the normal damage, just for him.

Brennan: Just for him.

Ally: So that'll be, let's see, 15.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Ally: And now these three people around him that are within 5-

Brennan: And him actually.

Ally: And him, yeah, will have to make a saving-

Brennan: He succeeds, and one of them fails.

Ally: Okay. So... oh, that's 10. Okay, so then, he, then one of them takes 10
and then all three of others take 5.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Murph: Nice move!

Ally: And that's my first attack.

Siobhan: [laughs]

Ally: Now I'm gonna throw an Ice Knife, which-

Brennan: Hold on one second, I gotta, you're fucking these guys up. Ah, cool.
17 takes 5, and then 16 takes 5, as well. Okay, incredible. That is your first
attack. Also, I believe you, at your first attack of a round, as a Gloom
Stalker ranger, let me double check this.

Ally: I add a d8.

Brennan: [reading out loud] “Dread Ambusher, at the start of your first turn
of each combat, your walking speed increases by 10 feet… If you take the
attack action on that turn, you can make one additional weapon attack as part
of that action.” You're going to get, ah, okay, so. If that attack hits the-
Jesus, this is good. So you're gonna get two more attacks this round.

Ally: I know.

Brennan: Go ahead and add the d8 to this one.

Ally: To this one?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: All right. 6.

Brennan: You have dealt, in one round, 26 points of damage.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: To the captain of that marauder boat.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: And a bunch of damage to other people around him.

Ruby: Fuck them up, Liam.

Ally: Then I gear up, and I'm now going to cast Ice Knife.

Brennan: Oh, actually, you've already used, you already cast a spell this
round.

Ally: No, this doesn't count as a spell.

Brennan: No, it does count as a spell cause it's from, it is from your magical
item. So that's from your, that's from your brand new magical crossbow, which
by the way, you have to name. You have a magical cro- Your crossbow has become
magical. You're, and actually, you're already taking the attack action to be
able to use Hail of Thorns. So, but, on your first turn, you actually get
three attacks.

Emily: What?

Ally passes the item card to Brennan.

Brennan: The Bursting Arrow Arcane Shot, magical crossbow may once per short
rest, may cast Ice Knife, so it's like a normal spell. You can't cast it.

Ally: Oh, but it doesn't use a spell slot?

Brennan: No, it doesn't use a spell slot but it is casting a spell.

Ally: Oh, I gotchu.

Brennan: So it’s like, you don't have to pay for it, but it is what it is,
right?

Ally: Oh, okay, cool, cool, cool.

Brennan: But you were taking the attack action. You get two more attacks this
turn, with your Heavy Crossbow, just normally.

Ally: Okay, cool, all right, yeah, I'll do that then.

Brennan: Go ahead and take two more attacks.

Ally: All right, cool. It says I get advantage on my first round of attack.
Does that mean on all of them?

Brennan: Let me see this. [takes Ally’s character sheet] What does it say
here? Dread Ambusher, is this, Favored Enemy, Natural Explorer- so is
advantage on- you have advantage on attacks against creatures that have not
yet acted. You have, you should roll advantage for the first attack as well,
'cause you might have gotten a critical on it.

Ally: Oh, no, I did.

Brennan: Oh, you did get-

Ally: I rolled that.

Brennan: Oh, you rolled two? Yeah, the next two attacks you roll with
advantage.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: Liam has gotten extremely good.

Ally: I'm furious.

Siobhan: The spirit of Preston.

Ally: All right, that's 25.

Brennan: That's a hit, go ahead and roll your next one.

Ally: Okay, and then my next one is… Aw. Just 19.

Brennan: 19 is still gonna hit, so go ahead and roll. That's gonna be two D10,
plus 16.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: [appreciatively] Good for you.

Ally: Two d10 plus 16, plus 8? Is that when you add the d8?

Brennan: Oh, no, no, so you add the plus 8 twice, so that's the plus 16.

Ally: Oh, I gotcha. All right. Hell yeah, 6 and a 9. So 15 plus 16.

Murph: 31.

Ally: 31\. Is that boss guy down yet?

Brennan: Jesus.

Emily: Wow!

Brennan: Let me see.

Siobhan: “You killed my pig!”

Liam: [vengefully] Someone killed my pig.

Brennan: You guys see Liam, who has been very changed today. You guys haven't
had a long rest since the cathedral. Liam, so you guys get rid of the
grappling hooks. Liam. You guys feel, (wind whooshing) a minty wind over the
sea. Liam has never fired his crossbow this fast, he normally like, sort of,
was like, [pretends to hold a crossbow noncommittally, swaying side to side] a
little sort of gawky teen boy firing. Liam goes like, full Punisher, just
click, bam! Click, bam! Click, bam! And puts three crossbow bolts, killing
this captain dead in the boat.

(all celebrating)

Ally: Yeah!

Amethar: That's a war guy right there.

Ruby: That’s right!

Theobald: Good job, Liam.

Jet: Yeah!

Amethar: That's a war guy.

Ruby: That's my cousin! That’s my cousin!

Theobald: A seed guy and a war guy.

Ally: That's my ambush.

Theobald: The Prince of Seeds.

Ally: Can I-

Emily: I fully miss this.

Ally: Can I see if any of the people on that boat have night vision? Can I
roll to find out?

Brennan: Oh, actually, roll an Insight check with advantage.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Actually, roll a Nature check, this is a Nature check.

Ally: Hell, yeah, that's really high. 23.

Brennan: [holding two fingers up to his eyes] Their eyes are glowing
alchemically.

Ally: They have-

Brennan: They've treated them, they've affected themselves with dark vision
for a nighttime ambush.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: So this was a plan, yeah.

Ally: Okay so I get 10 extra movement on this, so I'm going to use all 40 and
difficult terrain doesn't apply to me. I'm gonna jump onto that boat. And-

Murph: [eyes wide and hands on his forehead] The big one?

Ally: Yeah, the big one.

Murph: You fucking nutcase.

Ally: I have Umbral Sight. “You are also adept at evading creatures that rely
on Darkvision. While in darkness you are invisible to any creature that relies
on Darkvision to see in that darkness.”

Brennan, shocked into silence, just stares.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Ally: So with my 40 movement, I'm going to just invisibly be on that other
boat.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Brennan: What happened to Liam?

Liam: Someone killed my best friend.

Lou: Jesus.

Liam: For 10 years, I only had one friend.

Lou: Liam is violent now. Straight up.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: I've been changed.

Emily: I don't know if you're-

Ally: And I'm starving. For blood.

Brennan: Okay, and you, so now you have 40 feet of movement. So you do five
here to-

Ally: No, no, I wanna go on that one.

Brennan: No, for sure.

Ally: Oh, sorry.

Brennan: But in order to fire on that guy-

Ally: Oh, got it, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: You need to go to the railing, so it's 5, that's gonna be 10, 15 to
get up here, and then you're gonna just jump to the other boat?

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Okay, I am going to need, your, your jump can definitely clear. Let's
make, you need to get a... I'm gonna say you need just a DC 5 Athletics check
to not go in the ocean.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: You're gonna need a DC 10 to, you're gonna need a... DC 15 Athletics
check to go where you wanna go. Just double checking real quick, I'm looking
at this jump calculator, what's your Strength score?

Ally: Strength is 16. I have plus 6 to Athletics, so I definitely get the 5.

Brennan: Cool. So you're just trying, so 15 means you can go anywhere within
16 feet of here. So you wanna get, you wanna definitely get, you don't want to
get a nat 1, but you also want to land where you wanna land, so go ahead and
give me an Athletics check.

Ally: 16.

Brennan: Cool. And you just wanna get, you wanna get more than 20 feet away so
that you're in darkness, right?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: So you can get... This is a square that can do it that you can reach,
and this is a square-

Ally: I'll do that further away one, but before I jump- Oh, sorry, the one
further away from that.

Brennan: Okay, gotcha, cool, cool. Right? You wanna go all the way in a corner
here?

Ally: Yeah that'll be great. Before I jump, I turn to everyone after killing
that guy and go,

Liam: [gravely serious] Be careful out there.

Ally: I just jump. I just jump off of the boat.

Theobald: What?

Brennan: Liam jumps into the storm and disappears. Just [spreads arms]
[whoosh].

Theobald: Liam is dead everyone, our Prince is dead.

Amethar: No, he's not dead. He's killing is what he’s doing.

Brennan: Liam has gone full peppermint Batman and just vanishes without a rope
into the storm. Here's the deal, you are going to take falling damage. 'Cause
you don't have any ability to lessen that. But that's okay, how much, how many
feet is that?

Siobhan: Like 20?

Brennan: It's 20 feet, you're gonna take 2d6 falling damage. You take 8 points
of falling damage.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: As you hit, you go through a fucking storm and bam into the deck.
You're gonna give me a Stealth check with disadvantage. To not alert them
through noise to your presence. The DC on this is gonna be, I believe just a
14.

Ally: Okay. Oh, two 4’s.

Brennan: What's the plus to stealth?

Ally: Oh right, plus 4, so 8.

Brennan: 8, okay, so they hear you, but they cannot see you.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Brennan: As the shadows surround you. Wild, I don't, I can't believe that you
picked Gloomstalker ahead of this combat.

Murph: It’s so perfect.

Ally: I can't believe it either. It just fit so perfectly because I was so sad
about Preston. I was like, [darkly] give me Gloomstalker.

Brennan: Amazing. Okay, that is Liam's rather impressive turn.

Siobhan: Wow, very cool.

Brennan: Okay, captain is gonna step here, away from the helm for a moment.
Cannot see you, so rolls with disadvantage.

Murph: Is that all Liam sees on the deck? Is these-?

Brennan: All you, you have 60 feet of dark vision? Nobody, this it.

Murph: Oh?

Brennan: Everyone on the deck is getting ready to fire.

Murph: [gesturing to ship] That's a problem.

Siobhan: Yeah, and this. [points to another ship]

Murph: Problem ship, yeah.

Brennan: That's a miss. That's a miss as well. You are concealed in darkness.
This guy's swinging wildly and can't find you. Yeah, that's his action, and
then he's going to disengage, move back to the helm.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: That is him. Swinging over from the Dairy Air, on-

Ally: No.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: No, I think it’ll be good.

Brennan: Swinging from the Dairy Air is Stilton Curdeau.

Emily: Uh-oh. It's not good.

Murph: Stinky cheese man.

Brennan: Who lands here.

Siobhan: Jet, protect her.

Emily: [wryly] No, I think I'm just gonna bail.

Siobhan: Oh, yeah, good idea. Just jump into here and then-

Emily: I'm just gonna save myself.

Siobhan: -row away.

Ally: Hop into that empty boat.

Brennan: On a nat 20, Stilton Curdeau runs Primsy Coldbottle through the
stomach.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: Wait, can’t I like protect her or something? I said at the very
beginning-

Siobhan: You have Sentinel.

Emily: I said at the very beginning that like, at the very beginning of the
fight that I threw my body to protect her, didn't I?

Brennan: That doesn't mechanically mean that he can't swing over and stab her
in the stomach. I do appreciate that but you don't have a mechanical ability
that can reflect that action. If you have an ability on your character sheet
that you can take-

Emily: “When a creature-,” is he within my reach?

Brennan: Is he within your reach? No, he's outside of your reach. He runs
Primsy Coldbottle through the stomach with a sword. As he does so, she drops,
goes prone, has gone to zero. He raises his sword overhead to finish her with
a second attack. He rolled the 4 and a 5, even with advantage for her prone,
he does not finish her off. As he puts the sword through her stomach, you hear
him say,

Stilton: Mon cherie, I am happy for the throne you have given me.

Brennan: As he pulls the sword out.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Ally: You rolled a nat 20 stealth check, right? So does he maybe not even see?

Brennan: He has no fucking clue you're there.

Murph: Cool.

Ally: Sneak Attack.

Emily: Right.

Ally: You know what I like about you, Brennan?

Brennan: What's that?

Ally: We're always battling the church and that means a lot to me as a person.
The bad guys are always the church guy. Season after season and I like that.

Brennan: I always thought my shit was always rather more anti-capitalist. But
yeah, we can go anti-Church, I mean—

Ally: Honey, wait up, it's America. Religion is capitalist.

Siobhan: Two sides of the same coin. Two sides of the same coin. So I think-

Brennan: I hear it all, I do.

Siobhan: The opium of the masses, baby. The opium of the masses.

Brennan: Honestly, all right, art’s about what you take from it. (Siobhan and
Ally laugh) So that's gonna be- Primsy is gonna make her first death saving
throw.

Murph: Oh, Primsy.

Ally: Oh man.

Emily: Oh my god.

Murph: We did the math Primsy. (Ally laughs) You didn't listen!

Ally: You're in half-

Murph: You didn’t, I'm in yogurt.

Ally: Do the math.

Murph: Listen to the yogurt bear.

Ally: Come on.

Brennan: That's a 3. Primsy has one failure.

Murph: Fuck.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Murph: He's not gonna be able to be King at the bottom of the Yogurt Ocean
when I'm done with him.

Ally: “That's right.” I yell, from my secret corner.

Murph: [laughing] I'm drowning in yogurt.

Brennan: But yeah, Primsy does go prone.

Murph: Damn it.

Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: And actually, I'm going to make a roll to see which direction she
falls.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Lou: You're a dick. Straight up. You’re, this fight, this is ruthless.

Brennan: She's on, in a crow’s nest, in the middle of a pitched storm. Sinking
ship.

Lou: Okay, whatever, dude, okay.

Brennan: She falls backwards.

Siobhan: Okay!

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Okay.

Lou: Shouldn't she just roll on an axis, with her like milk head, kind of like
holding her in place?

Lou and Siobhan demonstrate by rotating their torsos in sync.

Murph: You’re not considering the milk head.

Siobhan: Think about the milk head, Brennan!

Lou: What about weight distribution? Oh, god. That's so sad.

Brennan: [laughs] Okay. This guy is gonna run up here. This guy calls out and
says, "There's something in the corner." These guys are gonna run over here.
This guy's gonna move up here as well. Liam is surrounded in the back corner
of the ship by people that cannot see him but still they're gonna take some
swings.

Ally: With disadvantage?

Brennan: With disadvantage, that's correct. That's a miss. That's a nat 1.
That is a hit. Liam, you take 1, 2... You take 10 points of damage, as one
gets lucky, you're just surrounded by swinging blades, one gets lucky, clocks
you. That's going to be these ones firing at Theo. They’re gonna get advantage
on these 'cause they're firing from hiding. That is a hit.

Murph: I'm gonna use Shield. I’m at 26 AC.

Brennan: Yeah, they didn't roll 20's.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So, you are missed each time. This one over here, losing its
grappling hook, is instead going to-

Murph: Oh no. Oh shit.

Brennan: Move up alongside.

Theobald: That's the fucking worst mistake you ever made.

Brennan: [laughs] And these guys are going to start bailing onto the ship.
Their captain is dead, so they're just gonna run. That is, one, this guy's
gonna roll up on Cheddar.

Ally: Dude, do you get attacks of opportunity? Since they'd have to go up
right there?

Siobhan: Yeah, they have to go past.

Brennan: Oh actually, you do get-

Murph: I don't have a reaction.

Brennan: That's true, you had it, when you cast Shield.

Ally: Oh, attack of opportunity is a reaction?

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: Oh, dang, dude.

Murph: Oh man. I had a cool thing I wanted to do, and now I gotta fight dudes.
I guess I can just get hit by dudes.

Brennan: I can't believe how much this fight was made for Liam, it's crazy,
like no difficult terrain, fighting in darkness, absolutely nuts.

Lou: Oh, fuck.

Murph: Well, this is not good for me.

Lou: Fuck that! Goddamn.

Brennan: These three are gonna come for Theo. No nat 20s there. And these
three are gonna come for this cheddar sailor.

Murph: I hope he's hard cheese, right? [laughs]

Lou: I hope he's no Babybel.

Murph: [to Lou] Thank you.

Brennan: Ah, dead.

Murph: We lost a good one. We did.

Ally: Dome cheese.

Siobhan: [singing] Don't you wish your cheese was hard like me?

Brennan: Yeah, just Marauder, Bleu Marauders running up the sleek deck of the
ship. (groans and grunts) As they run as fast as they can.

Ally: Is anybody hungry for cheese? [pops a cheese cube in their mouth]

Emily: Did you eat some dome cheese?

Lou: [looking at the camera] Guys, we have dome cheese this season.

Murph: Yeah, we call it dome cheese.

Lou: [as if in an infomercial] If you guys ever catch us eating cheese while
we're on camera, that's brought to you by Dome Cheese.

Siobhan: Dome Cheese. It's delicious and it fills your mouth with cheese.

Lou: You guys can find that in the Dropout merch store. There’s a dome
[laughs] dome-brand dome cheese.

Emily: We sell it unrefrigerated.

Lou: Yeah, none of us have a big enough refri— [he is interrupted as Brennan
reaches across him to move a mini] sorry, do you have stuff-

Murph: Oh god.

Brennan: This one pulls up right here.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: And you see, just-

Ally: Jet.

Ruby: Jet!

Brennan: Three of these guys right here. They don't, they can't see on a nat
20, they can't see Jet, at all.

Siobhan: Shut up.

Murph: Oh, they're just-

Brennan: They're there to collect their Lord.

Murph: [under his breath] Oh, what a jerk.

Brennan: Okay, awesome. Cool, cool.

Siobhan: [quietly to Emily] What did you roll for your Initiative?

Emily: Oh, no, no, no. I rolled a nat 20 on my Stealth to go-

Siobhan: No, no, on your Initiative.

Emily: 5\.

Siobhan: Oh.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: So you rolled a 1?

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Rough.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Emily: This has been a shit season for me rolling wise.

Siobhan: I believe in you. I believe that you can do it.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll some Perception checks for them right now. Those guys
roll up. On a nat 20, one of them spots Jet.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Emily: Bring it on. I don't give a fuck.

Brennan: You see that one of them goes,

House Bleu Soldier: Hey! My lord, [French gibberish]

Brennan: Points up, spot something and you see they get ready to attack. It
looks like Stilton hasn't noticed them, that he hasn't noticed them yet. But
you see that they are about to warn, you see that they look to the other ship,
as the one that gets a nat 20, he starts screaming in Lacra, "Archers,
archers, the princess, the princess." And you get a feeling that an entire
valley of arrows is about to come your way.

Siobhan: Fuck! No!

Brennan: Except, that you see, a little puff of red starts to float across the
water. After a moment, I actually don't think I have the right mini for this.
Can we get, can we fly the mini in real quick?

Zac: [offscreen] Is it— this one?

(all laugh)

Brennan: Oh, is it this one?

Ally: No!

Siobhan: Oh!

Brennan: Oh, I actually, you know what? It is, it actually extremely is.

Ally: Oh!

Zac: What's up, motherfuckers?

All: Happy birthday!

(claps)

Ally: We missed your birthday!

Lou: If it's not your birthday-

Zac: Lapin’s not d-! Aw.

Brennan: A puff of swirling pink and red fog, rolls through the storm.
Miraculously-

Siobhan: Oh, I'm gonna cry.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Miraculously unimpeded. Jet, you see this whole thing happen. In a
stroke of lightning, this little swirly red cloud. All of these guys keep
shouting. You're not sure if the archers on the boat have heard them yet or
not, going, "The princess, the princess." The fog goes about 10 feet over the
boat and suddenly something thunders out of it. Boom! Hits the middle of the
boat. And a cotton candy man-

Emily: Eee!

Siobhan: Oh my God, this mini!

Ally: What?!

Emily: Oh!

Siobhan: What the fuck, you're Dragonball Z!

Lou: Is he sitting on top of like a pole? Like a guy at Venice Beach?

Zac: That’s what I'm saying, exactly.

Emily: Wait, you're saying I'm seeing this, right?

Brennan: You are seeing this. Zac, could you go ahead and describe your
character for us?

Zac: I am Cumulous Rocks. I am a Monk of the Spinning Star. And I, as a cloud
of gas, quietly floated into this area and landed on this boat. And I think
for this turn, who, what's the radius of 30 feet from here?

Brennan: Oh, 30 feet.

Emily: I don't need to be saved. I can save myself.

Zac: Sure.

Siobhan: You need to be saved! She needs, save her.

Brennan: 30 feet is, from you is this far. [holding a measuring plastic] So
like that first little number there is 10. And then so yeah, so, you're about
10 feet from either end of the boat and then 30 is even more past that.

Zac: Gotcha, I will use... Okay.

Ally: Fuck it up.

Zac: I'm gonna use the Fluffwind Staff, and I'm gonna use four Ki points to
spinning smack all these guys.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Zac: I don't see what the name is actually on the sheet.

Brennan: It's just called Whirlwind Stance.

Zac: I'm gonna use the Whirlwind Stance on these fuckers.

Siobhan: Oh, rad.

Zac: And I say,

Cumulous: The Hungry One must feed.

Lou: This motherfucker!

Siobhan: Dude rules.

Emily: Yes!

Brennan: I will say that a bit of like, roiling red cotton candy light appears
as you congeal back. You don't really fully reconstitute. You're still mostly
cloud, but just (imitates the sound of whirling wind) spin around. We're gonna
roll for these guys. So the first thing is, you're gonna deal, I believe it's,
let me see-

Zac: I might not have this actually written on my character sheet, I realised.

Brennan: Yeah, it is yep. So the range goes to 10 feet. They, you're dealing
1d6 bludgeoning damage to all creatures. The range goes to 10 feet, if you
spend another two points, so all of them are gonna get it. Go ahead and roll
1d6 damage, if you'd be so kind.

Zac: 4.

Brennan: [rolls, stares at the dice in shock] A 1, a 2 and a 6.

Zac: So they all get knocked back 10 feet.

Brennan moves the pirate minis into the water, making splashing noises.

Lou: Whoa!

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: You land in the middle of a boat, red light, you guys see in the fog,
a red sugary maw open up around Cumulous, and, (hollers) this staff (impact
noise) three people, knocked out of the boat (sound of splashing water)
disappear into the yogurt. Cumulous, that is your turn.

Zac: Are they, they're alive still but sinking?

Brennan: Yes, they've each taken in 6 points of damage. You see as immediately
that they, that there is a strong current. You guys are in an open ocean
current. I don't know if you guys know this, going into open ocean out of a
ship is pretty much immediate death. Not, you don't instantly die, but you get
sucked away from the ship so fast by the current, there's not a lot of hope
for these guys. Whoom! They're out there, Cumulous, I'm gonna say that you
catch Jet's eye up in the Crow's Nest.

Jet: Hey.

Cumulous: Hi.

Jet: Who are you?

Cumulous: My name is Cumulous Rocks.

Jet: My name is Jet Rocks. Are we sisters?

Cumulous: We are not sisters.

(players chuckle)

Jet: Well, what I, what kind of rock are you? How are you related to King
Amethar?

Cumulous: I'm a cousin of King Amethar. But I'm here to protect the magic of
Candia and the hidden secrets that involve it.

Jet: Me too!

Cumulous: Good.

Brennan: Cumulous, you land in the boat, boom! That is your turn, That is
going to be--

Lou: Sick, dude. Fucking sick.

Siobhan: Fucking so sick.

Lou: Welcome fucking back.

Ally: Welcome back.

Zac: Thank you.

Ally: Welcome back, Zac.

Emily: Welcome back.

Zac: [to camera behind him] Thank you.

Emily: And happy birthday!

Brennan: This cotton candy monk lands in the middle of the boat. Knocks the
three Marauders out of it. And is now in possession of a longboat, or, like a
rowing boat. That's going to be Annabelle, who is going to continue, she's
gonna use her action to try and keep the ship from going any further down than
it's already going, at the helm, yells out for Primsy,

Annabelle: Primsy! My cousin!

Brennan: You see, that is Jet's turn.

Emily: Okay, so I have advantage on Stilton, right?

Brennan: You sure do.

Emily: All right, I'm just going straight to attack Stilton. I got a nat 20.

Siobhan: Nice!

Murph starts clapping.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Whoo!

Murph: Do you do— Do you wanna do—

Emily: So- I’m doing something. Don't tell me what to do.

Murph: [waving hands] No, I wasn’t telling you what to do, I was like, can you
use your Superiority Dice.

Emily: That's what I'm doing.

Murph: [high voice] I was asking.

Siobhan: Wow!

Ally: Wow!

Emily: Don’t backseat drive.

Murph: I wasn't backseat driving, I was only asking if she was allowed to.

Lou looks at the camera and mouths “Wow,” while shaking his head in mock
disbelief.

Ally: It's like you don't even trust your wife, Murph.

Emily: I know. I know. Hey, how ‘bout you just know I got this. So I'm going
to do, ah, let's see not very well but let's see. 9, 7, 16, 19 plus 7. I'm
gonna do 26 damage and expend a Superiority Die, to push him 15 feet.

Siobhan: Yes!

Ally: (whistles)

Emily: He has a, he gets to do a Strength saving throw.

Brennan: Okay, where are you standing when you do this?

Emily: I come right around here and go [pum].

Brennan: Incredible, go and move your mini. You got a little blue tack on
there, so heads up. Oh my god! So rad. Okay, so you do how much damage to him?

Siobhan: 26.

Emily: 26, in my first attack, but I also push him 15 feet, unless he succeeds
a Strength saving throw.

Brennan: Okay, this is huge. This is Stilton Curdeau, who's the Lord of House
Bleu. Your DC is 15 to Strength saving throw, he gets a plus 2. He needs to
roll a 13 or higher or he's in the drink, or the eat, it’s yogurt.

### Emily: Eat yogurt, bitch!

Siobhan: The kefir.

Brennan: 13 or higher in the Box of Doom.

Lou: Hope my man's thirsty.

Brennan: That's a 2.

All: [cheering] Yeah! Woo! Yes!

Siobhan: Fuck you!

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Cumulous, you—

Emily: As he's going down though. I wanna take a second attack and just throw
a dagger at him.

Brennan laughs, impressed.

Emily: Just to-

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: Yeah, throw a dagger, go for it.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes.

Emily: Does a 20 hit?

Brennan: Yeah, 20 hits.

Emily: Okay. I, you know what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna to expend another
Superiority Die to push him even 15 feet even further, to get him like 30 feet
underwater.

(players laugh)

Murph: So vicious.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it, go for it.

Emily: Okay, so I hit him for 13, and then I expended another Superiority Die
to push him even further under.

Brennan: Jet you are standing in the Crow's Nest next to Primsy, this strange
monk appears to you, speaks to you and says, "I am here to protect the magic
of Candia." And as that happens, you feel Flickerish, like moving in your
hand. You realize, whatever any Pontifex or any Paladin, or any stinking piece
of cheese wants to say, the future of Candia is here in your hand. You stepped
forward, completely encased in shadow. Jet black--

Emily: Can I wipe the shadow off? [waves hand in front of eyes] Like as if it
was like foam and like a gray?

Brennan: Just like Lapin, a little bit of scintillating purple energy crosses
your eyes, just enough for Stilton to lock eyes, and all he can see are two
eyes in the storm.

Emily: And a mouth that says,

Jet: [whispers] For Lapin!

Brennan: [grunts] He is hurled back, as Flickerish, you feel it like a rattle
where it starts in the basket hilt, and then shakes up the sword. By the time
the point gets to him, the point is like four inches wide of vibrating pure
magic energy that blasts him off and as he goes through the air still alive,
you reach onto your back, pull a hidden dagger, and hurdle him with a bolt of
glowing black like black light, hungry, sugary energy.

Jet: Yes! I knew it. I knew I was psychic.

Brennan: You don't send him 15 feet down, you send his wicked soul to the
bottom of the ocean.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: Oh shit.

Brennan: You guys see the, for like a mile around, the ocean illuminates with
light in a moment of magical retribution, Stilton Curdeau, the architect of
the assassination attempt on the Sucrosi Road, is dead.

Ally: Yeah!

Emily: Yes! And now I'd like to Action Surge.

[cast laughs]

Emily: I would like to tie a rope around Primsy, and then swing, like, use my
shield almost like rigged up like a trapeze like I've practiced with Ruby, and
I'd like to trapeze, with Primsy hanging from me, to this boat.

Brennan: Awesome, great. So what I'm gonna need from you is this, I'm gonna
need a DC 15, cause the Action Surge is dope and you have almost all of your
movement left. So give me just a DC 15 Sleight of Hand to tie the knot and
then give me a DC 15 Acrobatics to make it there.

Emily: Okay. Sleight of Hand, okay, so first the knot. I do not tie the knot.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: So can I use the rest of my action then to just try to do one of those
medicine things where I can stabilize her?

Brennan: Absolutely, if you just wanna make an untrained Medicine check, it's
a DC 15 medicine check. It's, if you don't have that skill, it's just Wisdom.

Emily: Okay, that is a plus 0. I got a 5.

Brennan: Okay, you kneel down next Primsy, begin to try to staunch the milk.
As you do, you see that she is dying there. She looks up and goes,

Primsy: [weakly] I'm so very sorry. I'm very sorry I did not believe you.

Jet: No, you know what? It was your choice to not believe me and you are a
strong woman and you stand by your choices.

Primsy: I'm a strong woman. I’m a strong woman.

Jet: You're a strong woman.

(thunder roaring)

Sailor: We’re sinking, our ship’s going under!

Primsy: [waving finger side to side] I am a strong woman. I don't need a man.

(players laugh)

Brennan: You are kneeling next to Primsy here. I'm gonna say with that, in
this incredible turn with that failure there-

Emily: Yeah, is there anything else I can do?

Brennan: With that, you spent your Action Surge, you're just, you have your
movement left. You can just give me an Acrobatics check to try- This is like
double difficult terrain, if you wanted to just pick her up and try to get her
across. You could do that-

Emily: What about getting her onto this boat though?

Brennan: That's gonna be Athletics instead of Acrobatics. That's a jump into
the boat.

Emily: Okay. Okay, I guess, well, I'm worried that she'll be, if I bring her
here though, she's just gonna get hit by, cropped by arrows.

Brennan: It's all bad, you know? Like whatever you can do, yeah.

Emily: I think I wanna get her in this.

Jet: Hey! Hey, uh, my fellow Rock. Do you have any sort of healing touch to
you?

Cumulous: I do not. I can do something, but not for her.

Jet: I see, sort of a self care thing, okay.

Emily: I guess I'm gonna pick her up and try and do an Acrobatics check to
bring her towards her people.

Brennan: Just start walking across.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and give me, this is gonna be a, another DC 15
Acrobatics, just to move your three squares of movement.

Emily: Okay. Do you think, or should I just be bringing her into this boat? I
think that I should just be trying to bring her to the boat.

Brennan: It's, y’know, there's danger both ways. You're in the middle of a
sinking ship. It's either, it's, do you wanna pick her up and try to catwalk
to the other Crow's Nest? Or do you want to just make a leap to try and get
into the lifeboat?

Siobhan: [whispers] I would do the leap.

Emily: I wanna leap to get into the lifeboat.

Brennan: Okay, that's gonna be DC 15 Athletics.

Emily: That's the problem, is my Acrobatics is so much better than my
Athletics. I just think.

Siobhan: If you hold an action, I can send Yak to help you.

Emily: I hold an action.

Brennan: Dope.

Emily: I gotta get me a fucking familiar, damn.

Brennan: Okay, you grab Primsy in your arms, you're ready. That is going to be
Theo.

Murph: Sweet. Do I get the sense if I, I would have to take attacks and such.
If I got into this boat, would I be able to row it with any kind of, like--

Brennan: You, it would just be--

Murph: Effectiveness.

Brennan: It would be a water vehicle proficiency. I mean, or you could just
make an untrained strength check to try and row it. But you can see how large
that boat is. It's really about having multiple people rowing in there.

Murph: Okay. Okay. Well, I am surrounded by dudes at the bottom. I don't know
if I'm gonna be able to kill them in one hit. Why not? I'm gonna try something
crazy.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: [holding hand out] Tell me if this is too shenanigany.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: I would like to, potentially, so I have Weapon Bond, which means as a
bonus action I can summon my weapon.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: I would like to throw my sword at the rope to hit it and get it like
moving and then summon it back and jump onto the rope and try to get over
here. [points to rowboat with Cumulous, Jet, and Primsy]

Brennan: [breathes out on an incredulous laugh] Okay. Which rope are you
trying to sever right now?

Murph: No, not sever it. I just want to, like, get it moving to come back to
me.

Brennan: You wanna get your sword moving to summon it back?

Murph: I wanna like, huck my sword as hard as I can at the rope, to get like
the momentum going, so that when it comes back to me, I can jump on it.

Brennan: Gotcha, you're trying to boomerang--

Murph: And I can retrieve with my sword.

Brennan: You're trying to boomerang your sword, so it knocks the rope towards
you.

Murph: Exactly.

Brennan: Okay, that's a bonus action. [to himself] What is the skill check
involved in a boomeranging magic sword. [looks at camera] This game is hard.

Murph: [laughing unapologetically] Not even necessarily boomeranging. I'm
hucking my sword as hard as I can at the rope, hoping that I knock it this way
and that momentum brings it back this way.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Siobhan: Or you wanted to get tangled up so when you pull the sword back, the
rope comes with it.

Murph: That'd be dope too.

Brennan: So the point is you're trying to get that rope to you.

Murph: Exactly.

Brennan: Okay. I'm gonna go ahead and say that this is a, it's a ranged attack
so it's gonna be based on Dex.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: So we're just gonna call this a DC 15 Dex check, as your bonus
action.

Murph: [grunts]

[Lou starts laughing]

Murph: All right, I’ll have-

Lou: My favorite Murph noise.

Murph: Sprinkle will help me on this one 'cause I need to roll a 15 or higher.

Emily: Oh.

Murph: Nat 20!

(players cheer and clap)

Brennan stares in shock.

Ally: Nat 20.

Siobhan: Yes!

Murph: Thank you for fucking Sprinkle!

Brennan: You guys see Sir Theobald Gumbar, the Knights of North-Gumbia, Lord
Commander of the Tartguard, hucks a glowing orange Popsicle out over the Milky
Sea and this rope, that, you want this guy right here?

Murph: Either one, I was thinking closer one, or whichever one is-

Brennan: Cool, this rope, swings right over to you, my man.

Murph: Sweet. I guess, I wanna, I just kind of wanna get over to Primsy and
help if I can. So. Yeah, what would, can I like go up here? And try to like
jump over to here? Like what can I do with this rope or just climb it?

Brennan: You can attempt to climb the rope, that's just a raw Athletics check.

Murph: Okay. Yeah, I guess, I'll just jump and start climbing.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: And I'll take, I guess.

Brennan: So here's the thing, normally this would just be difficult terrain
and it would be like a half movement kind of thing. You're in full armor.

Murph: ‘Kay.

Brennan: So what this is gonna be is, it is a DC 15 Athletics check-

Murph: Uh-huh.

Brennan: For you to move up the rope and you're gonna make it every time you
take a movement action, you need to hit that 15.

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Yeah. Yeah, it has to be.

Brennan: Cool. Go ahead and make your first Athletics check.

Murph: [groans] [picks a die] This one was the nat 20, give me something good.

Murph and Ally: Nat 20!

Emily: That’s a nat 20!

Players cheer and clap as Brennan silently looks at the camera.

Ally: Yo!

Brennan: Wha- what's going on? Is up down, black is white?

Murph shrugs.

Zac: [pointing at Murph] Have you ever… ever been this, like—

Emily: Yeah, for real!

Murph: I truly don't know.

Ally: This is just making up for the last horrible battle.

Murph: Yeah, my god.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Incredible. Theo, you make it up to the Crow's Nest.

Murph: Hell yes.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: On a nat 20.

Ally: That's insane.

Murph: Wow.

Brennan: Boom. Theo, you alight on the- You see, Theo again, when the time
calls for it. Theo grabs his, swings his sword, brings the rope. All these
guys are gonna get swings on you as you leave.

Murph: That's fine.

Brennan: Okay, that is, you're gonna take, 10, you take 12 points of damage.

Murph: From one dude?

Brennan: From one dude.

Murph: Okay, so minus 3, so 9.

Brennan: Yeah, not sweating it, clank off your armor and you like, get one leg
around it and just hand over hand (grunts) and surge up the rope and leap to
the Crow's Nest. Fighting in a sinking ship in full armor, in defiance of God
and man.

Lou: That’s Theobald's way.

Emily: That's insane. Two nat 20’s in a row.

Murph: The candy spirits are real. That's unbelievable.

Ally: That's so cool.

Lou: It’s beautiful.

Murph: So that, presumably was my action doing that.

Brennan: That is your, I'm gonna say that you used your movement. To do that.

Murph: Okay, great.

Brennan: You have your action left if you want.

Murph: Sweet, I'm gonna try to get our girl up.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Get Primsy up.

Brennan: Oh, just to stabilize her?

Murph: Yeah, I guess so--

Brennan: Yeah, give me a medicine check.

Murph: I don't want her to die. [sighs] Nat 1.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: [laughing] You kill her.

Brennan: Kill her. Yeah, you're like, you're there with your gauntlets.

Zac and Lou pantomime stabbing Primsy.

Brennan: You have like your gauntlets and are fumbling around.

Lou: “I'll perform surgery.”

Ally: [laughing] You kill her.

Zac: You’re just riding high, forget what you’re doing.

Emily: No, I think what happens is-

Ally: You did this super impressive climb-

Emily: I think what happens is you actually save her but she wakes up and
recognizes you as the man who says, "don't make a noise."

Murph: “Don't worry, don’t worry, I'm here. Don't make a noise.”

Brennan: Well actually I’m gonna say on a nat 1, you successfully revive her,
and as you turn around, like, “we got it,” you clank, hit her in the head with
your armored elbow and she goes out again.

Zac: You're Leslie Nielsen.

(players laugh)

Murph: Oh my god. Cool.

Brennan: Awesome. Oh, that's your action.

Emily: Do I get an opportunity attack on Theobald?

(players laugh)

Brennan: Okay, time to roll for the ship.

Siobhan: Oh shit!

Brennan: Annabelle is the only person who has been helping the ship in this
moment. So she alone has to hit this 20 DC check. She gets a plus 4, she needs
a 16 or higher. 19.

Ally: Yes. [claps hands together]

Murph: Nice job!

Emily: Woo!

Brennan: The ship does not go deeper, the ship does not sink.

Murph: Nice!

Ally: Oh cool, I just saw the mechanics of this set. That’s, Rick Perry
forever. [points directly at the camera]

Brennan: Yes yes.

Ally: That's really fucking sick.

Brennan: Amazing. That is now gonna be the storm, however.

Siobhan: Oh, the storm gets to roll?

Lou: Yeah, I'm gonna be like, who else is getting a turn?

Emily: The zombies.

Lou: This ship is a ghost ship, it’s filled with zombies. Also, fun fact,
there's another ship filled with eagles. Big, old, eagles.

Siobhan: It's right here, and they're bad and angry.

Zac: And then a yogurt kraken comes out.

Brennan: Okay I'm going to need everybody here to make a DC 10 Strength check.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Lou: I'll take it. Oh, I'm not raging.

Emily: I mean I'm not, I’m on Primsy, am I like helping her in any way or
something like that?

Brennan: Actually, if you make your check with disadvantage, then Primsy
doesn't need to make a check at all.

Emily: Well, I only have—

Murph: Do you want me to do it? I have better Strength.

Emily: Yeah, you should do it, you have better strength than I.

Zac: I can't use Dex, right?

Brennan: These are Strength saving throws. You can't use Dex, these are
Strength saving throws.

Siobhan: I rolled a 3.

Brennan: 3, okay.

Murph: I'm rolling with disadvantage. Okay, 15 is my lowest.

Brennan: Okay, great, you're successful.

Siobhan: Murph!

Emily: 19.

Brennan: Did anyone get sub 10?

Siobhan: Yeah, I got a 3.

Brennan: 3?

Ally: Oh, no, I got, 'cause I have 6 to Strength. So I got a 12.

Brennan: Ruby, you are back on the helm of the ship. You fly 5 feet back and
go prone, but you're within the walls and everything's good. And if anything
was gonna happen to anyone, it was good that it happened to you.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, that's Ruby, so, (imitates roar of thunder). You see ropes
going around. (screams) Ship’s going down, you, boom, you hit the deck. That
is now going to be back at the top of the order. Amethar, that's you.

Lou: I look back to Annabelle. I say,

Amethar: Annabelle, how long can you hold the ship?

Brennan: Yeah, you see,

Annabelle: Right, she's bound for the bottom but if we can get another ship, I
get the crew over there, we can make way.

Amethar: All right, so hold this ship, take another ship.

Annabelle: Oh, yeah, that's the plan. If you go over the edge, I'll send the
ladies after you.

Amethar: All right. Ladies!

Lou: And I'm going to, I'd like to jump from here, to Liam? No.

Brennan: You have a 20 foot long jump by the way.

Lou: [leaning over the set] Okay, I mean, okay, let me think. Yeah, I'm gonna,
[piece of set knocks over] oop, I'm sorry. I'll just sit down. I wanna jump to
where Liam's at on the boat.

Brennan: Okay, awesome. So that's gonna be, that is 15 movement, 25 movement.
And then I'm gonna go 5, 10, 15, that's your full 40, you're gonna take 7
points of falling damage. And you can be right here or right here, wherever
you wanna be.

Lou: I'll be right, I'll be in striking distance.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Then I'll go into a rage, so I think anyone within 10 feet of me takes 3
fire damage.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Nice!

Lou: And then question of the day, chucking motherfuckers in the ocean.

[Brennan and Siobhan laugh]

Lou: What is— opposed Athletics? Or what's the vibe? Can I chuck motherfuckers
in the ocean? Question mark.

Brennan: You can absolutely chuck motherfuckers in the ocean. It's a grapple
and then you move at half speed. You've used your movement, however, this
turn.

Lou: Great, so theoretically, couldn't chuck no motherfuckers in the ocean?

Brennan: You could make a shove attempt, but you’d need someone to be near the
prow for that to happen.

Lou: No chucking yet. I'll just, I'll take two attacks on the captain.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it.

Lou: Oh, great. 12?

Brennan: 12 does not hit on the Captain.

Lou: 18.

Brennan: 18 does hit on the captain.

Lou: I reroll 1’s and 2’s so I’ll reroll this.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: 2 twice. So that's a 14 on the captain.

Brennan: Liam, you look out to the shadows and see at the edge of the dim
light from the Colby, your noise of hitting the deck, boom! Made everyone go,
"What was that?" This noise is not a boom, it is a crash, [jumps for emphasis]
as the wood and the, or the blue cheese wood underneath shatters and you see
the king catch the captain, as he whips around to look, right across the jaw.
Teeth, cheese, and blood go scattering across the deck. The king has joined
you in battle, your cousin.

Amethar: Let's go! Two war guys!

Liam pumps his fist.

Brennan: You do take 3 points of fire damage.

Ally: Oh, okay.

Brennan: Yeah. That is going to be Cheddar, who, I'm gonna roll some moves for
them. They're gonna each go across.

Lou: Come on, ladies.

Brennan: No one got a 5 or below.

Murph: Sweet!

Brennan: We're gonna go, one. Actually you know what? Some of them are gonna
come over, the rest are going to come, this one's gonna come over here. One
rushes down, grabs her friend's body, brings her back up to the helm here. The
rest go over the side to join the fight down on this ship. Boom, boom, boom.
There each gonna take some falling damage. Not enough to put any of them out,
but that is a hard drop for these sailors. Boom boom boom and then each of
them are going to take a dash over here. One, two, three, four. Ooh, a nat 20,
an 18, a 17 and a 14.

Lou: Let's go, ladies!

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: Of course Annabelle’s crew is just fucking neat ruthless.

Brennan: They rush up behind you, they're badly wounded. But you see, even in
the dark, they rush up, this guy's got just enough illumination. They rush up
and just shank him from behind. Bam, bam bam bam! Arrows fire into him, this
guy's dead. Hits the deck as they ice this marauder, this pirate right here.
That is going to be, that's Cheddar. Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: Okay, this is-

Emily: Oh, send me Yak so I can try and step over.

Siobhan: Yeah. So, I'm definitely gonna do that but let me just make sure that
I can do what I'm gonna do first. So I would like to use my Mage Hand, to pull
this rope on the other boat over to me. (Brennan makes a whooshing sound) I'd
like to swing across and then tie myself to the mast.

Brennan: Give me an Acrobatics check if you would be so kind.

Siobhan: Absolutely. 18?

Brennan: Incredible, that's definitely enough. You grab, you (whooshing
sound). In a flash of lightning, you see the image of your aunt sailing
spectrally, grabs the thing, brings it over to you. You are back in your
circus training that you asked your parents for so long ago. You do that
aerialist thing where you just wrap the rope a couple times around one leg.
You're just twirl--

Siobhan: So graceful.

Brennan: You're just honestly twirling in the storm and having a fucking great
time.

Siobhan: Great. And then because I'm above these guys, I take advantage, I
have advantage against them, right?

Brennan: Ah, yes, you used a bonus action to do Mage Hand.

Siobhan: Right. So I don't have to worry about getting advantage from my
familiar, so I send Yak over to Ruby [sic, she meant Jet] to help her out.

Emily: Okay.

Siobhan: And then I'd like to shoot at the captain.

Brennan: Just making sure I'm tracking you right, yeah. Bonus action to get
that movement on the acrobatics. Yak flies over here to join you guys.
(Brennan caws) Swooping down to help and go ahead and take a shot at the
captain.

Siobhan: Great. That is a nat 20.

(Brennan laughs)

Ally: No way.

Brennan: Oh my god!

Lou: Nat 20 season, baby.

Siobhan: So that 2d6 from the crit plus 3d6 from Sneak Attack.

Brennan: No, no, that's 2d6 from the crit plus 6d6 from the Sneak Attack.
Extra dice are multiplied.

Siobhan is fucking delighted.

Ally: No way.

Brennan: So that's gonna be 8d6 damage.

Siobhan: Thank you. Plus 6, plus 5.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Okay, 5, 10, 15, 21, 26 damage.

Brennan: Amethar, as you take this guy's jaw off, he stumbles backward. He
stumbles backward and in a flash of lightning, like a trapeze artist, your
daughter in the midst of a like, hurricane-force gale lighting behind her,
just twirling as stately as possible, in a circle slowly around the mast, lets
go and the arrow quivers in the deck, having entered the top of his skull and
going out through the bottom of his jaw, and he collapses to the floor, dead.

Ally: Yeah!

Ruby: Thanks for letting me take those circus classes, Dad.

Amethar: [to himself] Wow, I guess that circus bullshit was really worth it.

Emily: Can I take my held action now?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Emily: Okay, so I'm gonna jump onto the boat with my new friend, Rocks.

Cumulous: Hello.

Jet: You seem trustworthy, right?

Cumulous: Maybe, in a way.

(players laugh)

Jet: Good enough for me.

Emily: Jump onto the boat.

Murph: Do I know Cumulous?

Liam: Who the fuck is this?

Jet: Oh, this is Cumulous Rocks.

Murph: Do I know Cumulous?

Brennan: I described him to you in your memory. When you were running through
Comida, he was the person that Lazuli handed that paper to, remember?

Murph: Oh yeah.

Zac waves his hands around his face.

[Flashback] Lazuli: Cumulous, take this to the Temple of the Spinning Star.

Cumulous: We've met.

Theobald: We've met before.

Cumulous: Yes.

Jet: Cool, well, I'm gonna take this dead girl and jump onto that boat.

Theobald: Right.

Emily: 18.

Brennan: That is, you needed a 15 to get there.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Jet, you summon your inner strength, heft Primsy in your arms and
leap through the storm, bam, alighting in the middle of the boat with
Cumulous.

Emily: [reaching out to move her mini, but hesitates for a second] Oh.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it. Here you go. [helps her with the set] You got it.
Boom, you hit the deck.

Jet: Hey.

Cumulous: Hello.

Jet: Do you know my dad? You're like, friends with my dad?

Cumulous does not respond.

Brennan: Liam, that's gonna be you.

Ally: Alright, I'm gonna attack this guy right in front of me.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you got two attacks.

Jet: You look like cotton candy.

Ally: Oh, that's 22.

Brennan: 22 hits.

Ally: I'm hitting him with Ice Knife.

Brennan: Oh, awesome. Cool, cool, cool.

Ally: So I'm going forward and I'm doing it at a second level, which means
that, so I hit him for a d10.

Brennan: Sorry, this is, does not get cast at second level, because this comes
from your crossbow. So, I'm giving this to you for free 'cause your crossbow
has become magical. So it's just gonna be at first level.

Ally: Okay, the thing at the bottom where it says second level.

Brennan: Right, but it'd be, your, because you're not spending a spell slot on
this. You can't spend a higher spell slot on this. Like the crossbow comes
with its own spell slot. Like—

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Cool, so it's gonna be 1d10. And then the other abilities happen.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: So him, so the d10 for this guy is gonna be a 3, so he takes 3 and then
I'll do 2d6 and, so him and the other two guys will get this 2d6 exploding
damage.

Brennan: Oh, that's correct, yes.

Ally: Okay, cool. 4.

Brennan: 4\. So hold on one second. You, ba-ba-ba-bum… That's going to be, so
3 to him and then 4, they're going to make some Dex saves here. Okay, so he's
gonna take 3, he's gonna take 4, 14 and 2...

Ally: Does he take the d6 as well?

Brennan: He does not take the d6 as well.

Ally: I think it says the target and each creature within 5 feet.

Brennan: He made his save is the thing-

Ally: Oh, I got you.

Brennan: Yeah. And then that guy takes 4 so he’s at 6. So, you fire the Ice
Knife, there's a burst everywhere. Amethar, is actually within feet, so you
gotta get- give me a Dexterity saving throw, you roll with advantage.

Lou: Oh, okay so that's, oh great, is that one? 14.

Brennan: 14 saves, you do not take any exploding damage. So you fire the Ice
Knife, that's your action, any bonus actions or movements?

Ally: I'm gonna attack again.

Brennan: So Ice Knife is really more about you taking out a group of people
far away because with Ice Knife, it's, it is your action, it's not an attack,
right? So this is like a spell you can cast that takes the place of an action.
If that makes sense.

Ally: So I make a ranged spell attack on a target and it’s an action.

Brennan: Exactly, this is like your crossbow casting a spell, not you firing
an arrow.

Ally: Okay, well then, maybe I'll just do, the other one instead the, this
Hail of Thorns?

Brennan: Or there’s, or Bursting Arrow. I know there's a lot of abilities. The
crossbow gives you Bursting Arrow and Ice Knife. The, so the crossbow gives
you Bursting Arrow and Ice Knife. Your spells give you Hail of Thorns and
Hunter’s Mark, amongst other ones.

Ally: Okay cool, so then I, instead of doing Ice Knife, I'm casting Bursting
Arrow, which is all the same rolls and all the same damage.

Brennan: Cool, hold on.

Ally: 'Cause that would be 2d6.

Brennan: Yes, yes. Let me just double check that, yeah, except you actually
add more because you're at it, that actually is an attack.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: So you are going to add another plus 8, so that actually goes from 6,
6, 2 and that's 14, you're casting that on. So now it's actually gonna go.
Yeah, he's taking, so he takes more damage when you do that.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Awesome. And the other guys actually don't get saves with Bursting,
Bursting Arrow’s a little bit better.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Brennan: So, awesome. 8 and that guy is 13, so he's gonna take, he's at 10,
cool. (whooshes) There's this like minty blasts of shards and smoke flashes
around here. Amethar, you do actually take 4 points of cold damage.

Lou: Hey, I did you 3, you do me 4. This is war guy stuff!

(players laugh)

Ally: Great. And is that a spell, Bursting Arrow?

Brennan: It's hard- Ice Knife is a spell, Bursting Arrow is an ability.

Ally: Love it. So then I am going to with my second attack cast Hail of Thorns
with this attack.

Brennan: Oh, bonus action, Hail of Thorns. Yeah, you can absolutely use a
bonus action to cast Hail of Thorns. Yep.

Ally: Cool. So I'm gonna attack the same guy right in front of me.

Brennan: Ah, yeah, let me just double check that, you be, yeah, you don't
take, this ain’t an action. That all works out with the action economy. Let's
do some Hail of Thorns.

Ally: Hell yeah. Oh, so close, 12.

Brennan: 12 hits.

Ally: Cool.

Murph: Oh, nice.

Ally: All right. So then that is a d10. Yeah, oh, dang, I thought that was, so
that's, 9 damage.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: To the person right in front of me.

Brennan: Still standing. And then in addition to the normal effect of the
attack. The target of the attacks in each greater 5 feet, has to make a Dex
save. A creature takes 1d10 piercing damage on a failed save or half as much
on a successful one.

Ally: Cool, and I'm gonna--

Brennan: This one, you can use a second level.

Ally: I'm going to, yeah. So this will be 2d10. And it's only 5 feet, so would
Amethar be involved?

Brennan: He would be. So he's got to make a Dex save here as well.

Ally: Crazy. Okay, how- Where are you?

Lou: It’s all good. It's fine.

Ally: All right.

Lou rolls, and makes a little shaka sign to indicate he passed.

Brennan: How much damage do you do?

Ally: 9.

Brennan: All of them fail. They all take 9 points of damage. This guy,
Amethar, what did you roll on your save?

Lou: 18.

Brennan: 18, so you take half of that. You take 4.

Lou: What kind of damage is that?

Brennan: It is piercing. Oh, so you take even less, you take 2.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: And then 2 and 13, each take 4. Yeah. Liam—

Liam: Let's go.

Brennan: You see, Liam, you put a hood up. Yeah, you see Liam is unloading,
you're deep in the blast range of what he's doing. Just 'cause Peppermint Icy
Crossbow. Just, you guys see explosions of peppermint shards all over the back
deck of the ship, just like stabbing pieces of candy cane jutting out of the
cheese everywhere. That is going to be.

Ally: I'm gonna take my movement. Can I get through without attacks of
opportunity so this guy's out?

Brennan: No you, they will get swings on you, oh no, they’re holding range- Oh
no, they're holding melee weapons, so you, they will get swings on you if you
move past them.

Ally: Where are we here? Yeah, I'll jump up on here, to get around and try to
get down here like with the cheese people.

Brennan: Cool, I'm gonna ask for a DC 10 Acrobatics check.

Ally: Acrobatics, okay. (whistles) Oh, it's cocked.

Brennan: Go ahead and re-roll it.

Ally: All right, cool. Hey, got it.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: 17.

Brennan: 17, so you're gonna jump up here, cool, that's one, this guy, they
will still get swings on you, if you leave their threatened area.

Ally: Oh, both of them?

Brennan: Unless you, if you don't move past this guy, he won't, but if you
move past somebody they swing on you.

Ally: Got it. But even that one from afar will be able to swing on me, if I'm
up on that ledge?

Brennan: Yep, 'cause it's not about up on the ledge, it's about when you leave
his space, like he gets one for the road on you basically.

Lou: One for the road.

[ominous music]

Ally: All right, let's do it.

Brennan: Cool, cool.

Siobhan: Is it healthy to have this much adrenaline in your body?

(players laugh)

Lou: No.

Brennan: Cool. It's gonna be 6, 7, 9 damage from one, and then 8 damage from
another.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: How many hit points you have?

Ally: I still got a few.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: 21.

Brennan: Cool. So you're gonna go, 5, 10, 15, where do you wanna go?

Ally: Just kind of by the cheese warriors.

Brennan: But then, they're here, behind them or in front of them?

Ally: Behind them.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: My fierce women fighters.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: Lady cheeses.

Brennan: Incredible. Liam, that's you, these guys are gonna go now. Where are
my people? Okay. So this ship moves through here, gonna go...

Lou: Do you want us to move anything?

Brennan: Nah, nah, you're all good. Schaubach, did I fuck anything up by
moving that ship?

Schaubach: [offscreen] Nope, you're all good.

Brennan: Cool.

Schaubach: Move them anywhere you want.

Lou: Damn, Schaubach, that's real nice of you.

Siobhan: I think actually you have, you can only move it in this direction.
[points away from PCs]

Ally: Mmhmm.

Siobhan: For camera, for camera reasons, you can only move it this way.

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: Yeah, and I see you have to have-

Emily: For camera reasons, I think, you can't actually put those minis inside.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: Yeah, you gotta put on like way less minis.

Siobhan: Yeah, for camera, none of these are in focus right now.

Lou: Hey, my guy-

Siobhan: Looks like absolute shit.

Lou: Can we get a confirmation? He's given me the thumbs up.

Siobhan: Right, yeah, don't know. You, don't bother looking. He's definitely--

Emily: What if next time we just didn’t give Brennan the minis he asks for?

Zac: It's sort of a camera issue. You can't have our characters, out of--

Siobhan: Yeah, Rick, next time can you not give him any minis? Thank you so
much.

Lou: Hey, dude, I'm getting a call from marketing right now, this is like too
much...

Siobhan: Too much.

Lou: Branding, like it's gonna be hard to like, get releases for.

Siobhan: Yeah. The big blue cheese lobby is gonna be, uh...

Lou: Exactly.

Siobhan: Really on our asses.

Lou: Gonna come down on our asses.

Siobhan: Yeah the blue cheese government.

Lou: Big blue dude?

Siobhan: Oh my god, those guys are powerful!

Lou: His deep blue cousin?

Siobhan: And litigious.

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: Really litigious.

Lou: They got lawyers up the wazoo.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: Brennan is gonna say something mean.

Brennan: Well a bunch of people attack Theo and they all miss. (players laugh)
Pings arrows off your armor, ping ping ping ping ping ping. That is going to
be Primsy.

Ally: [to Murph] Oh, you're fighting someone right there.

Murph: Yeah, he jumped on.

Lou: [mocking Brennan] Ping ping ping ping ping ping ping ping.

Brennan: [getting out the Box of Doom] On a nat 1, Primsy is fully dead.

Murph: [sounding insincere] Oh no!

The right side of the table bursts into laughter.

Murph: I like Primsy.

Emily: I agree, I don’t want her to die.

Zac: It’s just very funny that only you—

Lou: It was just you and it was a little facetious.

Murph: I liked, I like good guys. She's a good guy.

Emily: You're a strong woman. You're a strong woman.

Brennan: 9, that's her second failure.

Murph, Siobhan and Emily: Fuck!

Lou: [imitating Murph] Oh no!

Siobhan: Yak can give her a help action.

Murph: I want us to get up on the ship.

Siobhan: You should row.

Emily: Yeah, can you give her advantage on a, um—

Murph: Alright.

Emily: I think I'm just gonna try and do a Medicine check. If I have
advantage.

Lou: Is that to stabilize?

Murph: I can try to, I have plus 2 Wisdom.

Siobhan: Can she, can Yak not give her advantage?

Emily: Yak just gave me advantage.

Murph: Is stabilizing someone a DC 10 or a DC 15?

Brennan: Mmm?

Murph: Is stabilizing someone 10 or 15? Wisdom check?

Brennan: 15.

Murph: Oh wow.

Brennan: It's 15.

Emily: I'm just gonna keep trying. There's no other option. Rowing won't get
it there in time for her next save.

Brennan: Okay, now, the rest of the Marauders are gonna go, these guys are
gonna step up to Amethar.

Lou: Come at me. Actually don't, don't come too hard.

Ally: What's your AC?

Lou: 16, but I'm hurt.

Brennan: 7 plus 2, 9 halved to 4, to Amethar.

Lou: Who gives a shit? That's it?

Brennan: Yeah, that's it. One hit you.

Lou: I can get with that.

Brennan: This guy's gonna turn, take some swings.

Lou: Lady cheeses? No!

Murph: Oh, boy.

Lou: I love the lady cheeses.

Siobhan: They’re so cute.

Lou: They honestly- It’s nice to be fighting alongside cheeses.

Siobhan: Right?

Brennan: This one drops.

Lou: No, baby!

Brennan: She gets stabbed. Battle on the open deck of the ship.

Lou: Let's go, Babybel.

Brennan: That's, now the rest of these Marauders are going to go.

Lou: That guy has been like weird half-hanging so long.

Murph: They're on a bad ship.

Brennan: Yeah, actually, these guys see this sinking vessel and they see
Primsy going off into the other boat. So these guys are actually going to,
one-

Murph: Fucking assholes.

Brennan: Two.

Siobhan: Oh, shit.

Brennan: Three, where’s Sprinkle at by the way? Sprinkle’s with you?

Murph: Sprinkle's with me.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Murph: Sprinkle’s actually captaining the ship, if that makes sense.

Siobhan: [imitates Sprinkle]

Brennan: [does Sprinkle’s voice in response] And this guy—

Siobhan: Yes, run!

Brennan: He, they're gonna shout up here, they jump into this boat and are
going to row up--

Siobhan: Wait, come back.

Brennan: Row up alongside here, which I'm going to say rowing a boat through
choppy waters is a full action.

Emily: I mean would you consider this like, attack of opportunity fringe?

Brennan: Who's left your threatened area?

Siobhan: This guy has. This guy has left her threatened area.

Brennan: Under no fucking circumstances. All right, let me make a little roll
here. Okay, that's successful. The boat moves up one step, I’m also gonna
make- On a 17, this guy's pulled up into the boat along with them, as they
roll up. And I'm gonna say that it only takes, they only have four oars,
that's one, two, three, four, three of them are gonna take shots at-

Siobhan: They have arrows and maces?

Brennan: Yep, three of these guys are gonna take shots at Cumulous.

Zac: Can I deflect missiles?

Brennan: You can use the reaction to deflect missiles if they hit you. That's
absolutely correct. One hits you, for, 7 points of damage.

Zac: Okay, can I use, so it's 1d10 plus 11.

Brennan: Oh, so you're--

Zac: So I catch it and throw it back at him.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and make an attack roll.

Zac: Okay. What would that be, just unarmed or what is, what?

Brennan: Yeah, that's no that's gonna be, proficiency plus dexterity, so
that's gonna be plus 8.

Zac: Okay. That is 14.

Brennan: Yep, go ahead and roll. Go ahead and roll 1d6 plus 2.

Zac: 4.

Brennan: You see the guy in the front of the boat, sails past you. And fires
an arrow at Cumulous, Cumulous is still a spinning cloud, snatches the arrow
and hurls it back and it hits him in the side of the head for 4 points of
damage. And he goes, (screaming)

Cumulous: Be afraid.

(players laugh)

Brennan: Incredible, that's the, everyone on this boat has gone, those guys
have all gone. That's going to, and you see they like hook their boat to the
side of your boat. That's now going to be, Annabelle, who looks at this
sinking ship.

Lou: Annabelle.

Brennan: [sighs heavily] She looks at the Colby, the flagship of House
Cheddar. Looks to her friend behind her who nods, and she is going to make an
Acrobatics check. Nat 20.

Murph: Yeah!

Ally: [whistles]

Lou: Damn, how many nat 20’s are we gonna roll today?

Editor’s note: So far in the episode, including Brennan, there have been nine
nat 20s.

Brennan: It's crazy.

Siobhan: Enough.

Brennan: She's gonna go 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50, 55, with a
bonus dash action. She's going to run up. You see Annabelle Cheddar, look at
her sinking ship, turn to her friend who nods and lifts the wounded warrior in
her arms. Everyone having deserted the ship, she will not jump into the other
ship while there are still people on her ship, so she runs along the gunwhale,
runs up along the side of the ship springs through the storm to the crow's
nest, runs fleet of foot and as sure as can be, down the broken mast and hits
the person in front of Theo for 18 point of damage with her rapier. That is
going to be Cumulous.

Zac: Do you, just a mechanics question. For Hour of Reaping, do you know if my
allies get feared as well?

Brennan: Your allies get feared as well.

Zac: Gotcha.

Emily: Oh, that sounds dope.

Siobhan: If only we were in 30 feet of each other.

Emily: I know.

Siobhan: Never late. One day we'll use- we’ve used the Locket of the Sweetest
once.

Emily: [laughs] I know.

Zac: How many people are on that boat?

Brennan: Only one is down on that boat. So that is actually-

Zac: Is that the, that dude?

Brennan: One, two, three, there are seven living people on that boat.

Siobhan: They pulled a dead body back onto the boat?

Ally: No, the captain was just dead in there since the beginning.

Siobhan: Oh, right, yes.

Brennan: Yeah, Liam iced him right away.

Ally: Sha!

Lou: From the darkest hours of Liam.

Zac: I think Cumulous is gonna jump onto that boat. Can't really see it from
here, sorry. [stands to look]

Brennan: Hell yeah. Right here?

Zac: Yeah, I think.

Brennan: Whoa.

Murph: Oh my god.

Ally: Cool.

Zac: And just start attacking them. Just regular attacks. Well, how many
people are within five 5 of me? I don't want to knock them into your boat.
It's the thing that.

Brennan: How many people within 5 feet of you? There's probably four people
within 5 feet of you.

Zac: Okay. I'm just gonna start thinning up the boat.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: I think 'cause otherwise I'll knock them into your boat and it doesn't do
that much damage. Okay, so, I'll attack the guy right in front of me.

[quick, tense, orchestral music]

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it. So you're gonna make two attacks with your
staff first.

Zac: Okay, yeah. Yeah. 19?

Brennan: Hits.

Zac: 25, er, 27.

Brennan: Yep, that hits.

Zac: And then, can I roll damage before?

Brennan: Yes, you can go ahead and roll damage before, absolutely.

Zac: 5, 9 plus 14. So 23 damage.

Brennan: Oh, you do 23 damage? Death's door, he's looking almost dead.

Zac: Okay, then I will, yeah, I guess I'll just use a Ki point to Flurry.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and make two unarmed attacks.

Zac: Okay, can I, do I have to do it both on the same guy?

Brennan: Nope.

Zac: Okay.

Murph’s stomach audibly gurgles.

Emily: [whispering] Your stomach is insane.

Murph: I can’t help it.

Zac: Would a 13 hit?

Brennan: It would, yep.

Zac: 10?

Brennan: 10 does not hit.

Zac: Okay, so then that is just a d6 plus 5. So is he down? 9.

Brennan: 9 to the guy right in front of you?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Cumulous leaps into the boat. And in a flurry of this like a long
cotton stick like cotton candy stick staff just (mimics attack). It looks like
Cumulous maybe doesn't weigh anything. Like it takes him no effort to just
stay like hanging off of his staff up in the air and just (attack sounds)
dead.

Zac: As he dies, Cumulous, I think sticks the staff in him and dries him up a
little bit and get 7, excuse me, 9 temp hit points.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Cumulous’ eyes sink deeper into his head [inhales] and you see that
some of the natural sugars within that blue cheese [death rattle] and the
cheese cracks and dries and Cumulous looks even stronger than before.

### Ally: What? Cool.

Emily: Wow!

Siobhan: So spooky.

Murph: Such power.

Jet: It’s just crazy that my dad never mentioned you. Do you get Christmas
cards from us?

Cumulous: No.

Theobald: Did someone named Lazuli make you?

Cumulous: Um, in a sense, yes.

Theobald: Whoa. We have a lot to talk about after this.

Jet: Yeah.

Brennan: Awesome. That is Cumulous’ turn, Jet, that's you.

Emily: That's me, okay. Can I use my, if I use my Second Wind? But not take my
Second Wind, can I use it to get advantage on a Medicine check?

Siobhan: No, you have Yak.

Brennan: Yak is giving you an advantage.

Emily: Oh, sweet, okay. Then would you say that a Medicine check, since I'm
like chest compressing, is kind of like an attack? You know, right? Like one
chest compression. Oh, I actually—

Brennan: Do you think reality is strained by the fact that a hawk is helping
you with surgery right now? How much lower do you want me to go?

(players laugh)

Emily: I just, I do think that you respect me for trying.

Brennan: I will never knock hustle, I'll never knock the hustle.

Siobhan: We have a telepathic link, I am helping you with surgery.

(players laugh)

Ally: I am helping with surgery!

Brennan: Hold on a second actually, before, I forgot.

Siobhan: An 18 year old bandit.

Brennan: I actually have to roll some Strength saves for the two that are in
the drink already. One fails and is immediately moved 30 feet out to sea. This
guy is gonna get a Dex save as he goes towards that boat and he manages to
grab on to one of these oars in the ocean before being swept further out to
sea. You see this guy screaming and disappearing into the dark ocean.

Jet: Cumulous, are you cool with me doing this Death save instead of coming to
help you? It's a shot in the dark.

Cumulous: Death is beautiful.

Jet: You know what? I'm gonna backlog all our Christmas cards and send them
your way.

(players laugh)

Ally: Liam hasn’t met you yet-

Brennan: Go ahead and-

Ally: But he's gonna love you.

Brennan: Give me a DC 15 Medicine check with advantage.

Emily: Oh my god.

Siobhan: Yes!

Emily: [nearly incoherent] I did it! 19!

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: Primsy Coldbottle is stabilized as you, (gags) she coughs up clotted
milk and cream. As you- -

Ally: Ew.

Brennan: [laughs] As you clear her throat, she's able to breathe again and you
press down on the injury in her stomach, to help staunch the bleeding. You,
that is your action. You have saved the life of Primsy Coldbottle. In the
flash of—

Jet: You saved yourself, girl. Strong woman.

Primsy: [wagging her finger] I don't need, I don't, I didn't need no.

Jet: Oh, we started trouble with that finger.

(players laugh)

Brennan: You see that in a flash of lightning, Annabelle looks down to you and
sees Primsy look back up at her. Annabelle looks down to you and, (whooshes,
bows) salutes with her sword out to one side from the deep Crow's Nest of the
sinking ship.

Jet: This is one alliance that really paid off for you, huh?

Brennan: [claps] Incredible, that is going to be, so Jet, any bonus action
from you in that turn?

Emily: No, I don't need to Second Wind. I mean, I'd love to just like kick the
rope off that they threw on.

Brennan: Okay, yeah, go ahead, just give me a Sleight of Hand check, we’ll
call it a DC 15 Sleight of Hand.

Emily: Yeah, I got 20.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you kick the rope off and the boats come unmoored from
each other.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: Yes. Can I prepare, a reaction, can I like prepare a reaction to like
help Theobald when he, if he tries to jump on?

Brennan: You've used your action to save Primsy.

Emily: Okay, all right.

Brennan: That is--

Murph: I have Sprinkle.

Siobhan: The rope is there.

Emily: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Theo, that's gonna be you baby.

Murph: Sweet, there, can I do like a shove attack to try to knock this guy
off? What is the mechanics of that? Is that Athletics or what is that?

Brennan: Oh, that's just shove. Yeah, that's Athletics versus Athletics.

Murph: Okay, sweet, I'm gonna try to throw him off.

Brennan: Okay, you have to beat a [laughs] 7.

Murph: Okay, well.

Ally: Honestly?

Murph: Never, never doubt me. Okay.

Ally: What about Sprinkle?

Murph: I don't need Sprinkle, 21.

Brennan: Theo, what do you do with this guy?

Marauder: [French accent] You Candian bastard.

Theobald: Shut up. (shoving motion)

Brennan: He flies, (screams) flies off the ship (splashes) into the drink.

Murph: I nod to Annabelle.

Theobald: Hope we're good now?

Murph: And then I jump to the other, without waiting for a response, try to
jump back here.

Brennan: Okay, you're in full armor. So I will either let you do a, lemme see
here. What is your Strength?

Murph: There is a little rope. My strength is plus 4, it's 18.

Brennan: 18, okay. Your long jump can do it, so I'm just gonna need a DC 10
Athletics.

Murph: All right, I'm gonna use Sprinkle.

Ally: Nice.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Murph: C’mon. (sighs) I just gotta get a 3 or higher. All right, not great,
but fine.

Brennan: You got a 4 and 6.

Murph: 13.

Brennan: Whoa, all right.

Ally: Live life on the edge, slow.

Brennan: Playing it- I mean a guy, on the wide open sea in full plate, leaping
into a boat. It's ill-advised, kids! Don't try this at home.

Siobhan: Because you will definitely have the opportunity to do so.

Brennan: Boom, Theo and Sprinkle land in the boat together.

Murph: Sweet, how much, is that all my movement? How much of my movement is
that?

Brennan: That is, I say 20 feet of your movement looks like.

Murph: Okay, can I get into this boat?

Lou: Let's go. Turn it into a party over there!

Brennan: Give me another DC 10 athletics. This one's gotta be just, actually,
this is a DC 5 Athletics.

Murph: Oh, okay I'm asking to fall into this yogurt.

Emily: Wait, look at your Athletics.

Murph: I know but if I roll a 1, he's gonna knock me in the yogurt. He's just
waiting to knock me in this yogurt.

Brennan: I'm not the one, you're the one fucking gummy bear around, jumping
around from place to place.

Murph: Fuck! I mean, what, what choice do I have?

Lou: Hell yeah.

Murph: I have to.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Murph: I’m due.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Murph: I'm fucking due for a 1. A 10, okay 18, 17. (claps)

Brennan: All right my dude, you leap across, just a gigantic guy in full plate
mail, just like, okay let's jump up to the crow's nest, jump over to one life
boat jump over to the next one.

Murph: I am a gummy bear.

Brennan: You are a gummy bear. Magic, give me strength.

Murph: People forget that.

Brennan: Okay, that boat’s packed. Yeah, you jump in there, bam.

Murph: Action Surge.

Brennan: Ooh!

Murph: Swing down on, nobody's hurt, 'cause that dude just killed somebody.

Brennan: Yep.

Murph: So swing down on whatever dude is next to me.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Murph: There're them rolls, 13.

Brennan: 13 hits.

Murph: Okay, sweet. 7 damage?

Brennan: 7 damage, great.

Murph: And then I'll take my second attack. 24 to hit.

Brennan: 24, it hits.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: All right, 11 damage.

Brennan: You do 18 damage to this guy right in front of you here?

Murph: Yep.

Ally: Who's dead and who's alive?

Brennan: Okay. There's a captain and another guy.

Ally: Okay, okay.

Brennan: You, (whooshing sounds) slash with the Battlepop, boom, boom, against
the opponent, he does not go down that round but you, (slashing sounds) you
and Cumulous are just in this boat, slaughtering. That is going to be—

Cumulous: I like your sword.

(players laugh)

Theobald: I like your whole vibe.

Cumulous: Wow!

Brennan: With no one making rolls. Hold on.

Brennan takes the Colby’s mini entirely off the set.

Ally: So cool.

Brennan: With no one making rolls—

Ally: So fucking cool.

Brennan replaces the Colby’s Mini with a more sunken one, and pushes the mast
further down into the set’s floor through planned holes.

Brennan: For the beautiful Colby. The ship sinks lower and lower.

Players: [gasping] Whoa! What!

Lou: That's actually cooler.

Ally: That's so fucking cool.

Zac: That sucks, but is cool.

Lou: What a dope thing to do.

Emily: Annabelle!

Brennan: As that happens, I'm going, the ship sinking, does a lot to the water
in this area. So I'm gonna need a Dexterity saving throw from Jet in your
ship, just to like not get like knocked over and I'll say that because Primsy
is prone that she's gonna be okay. But go ahead and give me a DC 15 Dexterity
saving throw.

Emily: Dexterity saving throw. I did not get it.

Brennan: Okay. Now what's going to happen, so the ship goes down, the prow
moves. You have 5 feet in this direction and behind you, but not 5 feet to
either side. So I want you to roll a 1d4, cardinal directions on the boat. You
want an even, you want an odd number, not an even number.

Murph: Fuck.

Emily: I got an even number.

Brennan: Jet goes over the side.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: [splash] Into the drink.

Murph: I know this isn't the exact mechanics of it. Is there anything I can do
with my shield mechanic to try to grab her?

Brennan: Unfortunately, no.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: And in fact what I'm going to need is from the other boat, either
Theo or Cumulous to make a Dexterity saving throw.

Zac: I'll do it.

Murph: Please.

Brennan: Cool, DC 15.

Zac: Yeah, I got a 23.

Brennan: As the ship goes down, those two boats rock in the huge waves and the
ship sinking deeper into the water, your boat, you see that, you just slam
your staff and like settle, you actually, kind of tilt on this wild thing to
like steady the boat in the middle there. These two boats do not need to worry
about the sinking of that ship.

Zac: Do all the guys in our boat make it?

Brennan: Do all the guys on your boat make it? Yes 'cause you're steadying
like the whole boat, otherwise, the, if you don't want to steady it, then Theo
can make the same roll and all of them can as well.

Zac: I'll steady it, I guess.

(players laugh)

Brennan: Now we're gonna make a Box of Doom roll for Annabelle.

Murph: Oh boy.

Ally: Yes, she's, fuck, she’s-

Zac: She seems dextrous.

Siobhan: Yeah. And it's her boat.

Brennan: She's got a--

Murph: I think I've taken up all the good rolls for her.

Siobhan: Shh.

Brennan: She's got a plus 4. She's just gotta get an 11 or higher.

Zac: She's got a rope underneath there.

Brennan: This is the, grabbing that rope is what this roll represents,
basically. That's a natural 5.

Murph: Fuck.

Siobhan: [quietly] Fuck. Fuck!

Brennan: This whole thing collapses (splashing) falls into the water and with
it goes Annabelle. (whooshing) Into the tangy deep. That is the ship sinking.
That's gonna be the storm. I need a DC 10 Strength saving throw from
everybody, including those who are in the water already.

Siobhan: Even me, I'm on a rope.

Brennan: Oh you're fine, you don't need one.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Got it, 19.

Emily: 12.

Zac: What was it?

Brennan: 12 you, okay, you are not the current is still working on you but the
wind of the storm doesn't push you under a wave.

Murph: What did it have to be?

Brennan: Had to beat a 10 on a Strength saving throw.

Murph: I got a 9.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Zac: I got a 9 as well.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Lou: 16.

Brennan: Okay, wait, the only people that got below below a 10, are you two,
okay? Annabelle is pushed under the water. I need, okay, you're gonna each
roll 1d4. You don't want a, you're trying not to get a 4 (to Murph), you're
trying not to get a 1 (to Zac).

Siobhan: Zac, what if you immediately die?

Zac: 2.

Murph: 4.

Siobhan: Fuck. Fuck!

Emily: Meet me in the milk.

Brennan: Theo goes in. (whooshing sound)

Siobhan: God, that's so bad.

Brennan: Theo is in a lot, I mean, everyone's in a lot of trouble. Theo's in a
tremendous amount of trouble. He's wearing full plate mail. (splashing sound)
That is going to be Amethar.

Lou: Okay, I'm gonna ask a similar question to Murph. Is this too many
shenanigans? Can I run to the captain's wheel, spin it all the way to the
side, as to flip the boat to push the Colby to kind of move the Colby in some
way that it kind of blocks the current path that the two of them are on?

Brennan: Ah, whoa.

Murph: It is rad.

Siobhan: It's pretty rad, rule of cool dude.

Murph: Are you considering how rad that is?

Lou: I mean, it's not, I'm not trying to do, I'm not trying to drive the boat.
I just wanna smash it into the Colby, so it kind of is in, moves current wise.

Zac: You want to be rad right?

Murph: Dude, are you rad?

Brennan: [points to the camera] I'm being bullied on this show. I'm being
bullied on this show.

Siobhan: Oh, you’re being bullied on this show? You’re being bullied?

Lou: Hey, you’re a cool guy.

Murph: I just kind of wonder if you're rad or not. I don’t know. Maybe you
are, maybe you’re not.

Brennan: To actually hit the rudder hard enough to move this is a DC 20, no,
that's a DC 25 Strength check.

Lou: Okay.

Ally: What do you have in Strength?

Siobhan: You roll with advantage, right?

Lou: Plus 8, and I have, I have plus 8. So I have to roll a 17.

Ally: 17 or higher.

Brennan: 17 or higher.

Lou: And I have advantage.

Brennan: You have advantage.

Lou: Let’s fucking go.

Brennan: Let's use the Box of Doom.

Lou: Fuck yeah, let's Box of Doom.

Ally: Wait, so, Lou, you're trying to hit this right so the tail of that hits
this forward?

Lou: This.

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: Or just in any way moves this, like makes kind of a natural barrier that
they can maybe run into.

Lou: 17?

Brennan: 17 or higher on one of those two dice.

Lou: 16.

Ally: Fuck!

Brennan: There you go.

Ally: Oh, it was worth a shot.

Lou: Jesus.

Brennan: Okay, anything else?

Lou: In that case, I'd like to use all of my movement to sprint as far as I
can, to this side.

Brennan: Okay, you're gonna go, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, right?

Lou: Yep.

Brennan: Okay, so that's 40.

Siobhan: Oh god.

Brennan: That's 40, that's 40 feet of movement.

Ally: Oops!

Lou: Can I actually take less movement and be, ah, no, no, why not? Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Oh my god.

Brennan: You, (whooshing sounds) they're gonna get some, they're gonna get
some attacks of opportunity. No they already used it on Liam, right? Yeah they
did.

Lou: And then can I call- Can I call to the woman, to the last but, cheese
woman?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: The cheese lady? Can I say,

Amethar: Try and control the ship, Annabelle and Theo and Jet have all gone
over.

Brennan: She hears that command, go ahead and for kicks, just give me an
Intimidate check.

Lou: Great. That's gonna be 15, no, 16.

Brennan: Cool. You sprint, run as fast as you can. That's going to be the
Cheddar now.

Siobhan: Get that Cheddar.

Brennan: Yes, she will run here. She's gonna make, this is a- steering the
ship, it’s- you know, it's sinking. So it's going to be just DC 20. She's got
a plus 4. So she needs a 16 or higher here. It's an 18.

Siobhan: Yes!

Ally: Yeah!

Siobhan: Oh god.

Ally: That's great.

Brennan: Whatever checks people are going to make, are going to have- Well,
okay, so she begins to steer the ship as best she can. As it moves, so if that
moved there, it would mean that those were closer to there. And these got
farther, so like, trying to think, that goes, you want the butt to swing to
the left, right?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: So that means that, so I can't move this 'cause these are fixed. So
here's what's gonna happen. This is changing in relative position to
everything else.

The Colby’s mini cannot move, so instead of moving the Colby, Brennan moves
all other ships on the set to simulate their relative position versus the
Colby changing.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Right? And then... And then Jet is right here. As you guys swing
around, so actually yeah, the mast of the Crow's Nest comes right near Theo.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Annabelle is gonna be, she, everything else moves, so she's gonna
pivot out over here. She's gonna pivot out over here. Wild, so there's a huge
swing around as all this happens. And effectively what happens is, the water
around the people that have gone into the drink has become a lot more full of
flotsam and debris.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: That's Amethar, that's her. These Cheddar people here are gonna take
their shots now. Whoa, that's actually, you know that’s some hits- Goes down.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Any other cheddar people here? No, that's it. That's going to be
Ruby.

Siobhan: Okay. Shenanigan time, you know you love it.

[Brennan laughs]

Siobhan: I would like to see if I can swing to here.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Is that an Acrobatics check?

Brennan: We'll call that just a DC 15 Acrobatics check.

Siobhan: Great. That is a natural 20.

Brennan: Siobhan, what are you trying to do this turn?

Siobhan: I'm trying to kill you Brennan, you personally, I'm trying to make
you die.

Brennan: [shrugs at the camera] Waited long enough.

Siobhan: Mano a mano!

(players laugh)

Brennan: Okay, what does Ruby do? You swing here?

Siobhan: And I stand perfectly balanced on this fo'c'sle, not fo'c'sle, this
forward sail and then I would like to use my Mage Hand to get this rope to
Annabelle.

[quick, tense music]

Brennan: This is the longest it can only-

Siobhan: It can get to Annabelle.

Brennan: It can get to Annabelle.

Siobhan: And then, do I want to do this? Ooh, maybe, ah, fuck, this is some
real shenanigans. Maybe instead of that, I see that there’s this rope here.
Does that- Yeah. So instead of doing that one, I'd like to throw this rope to
Jet.

Brennan: You're going to make a Dexterity saving throw.

Siobhan: And you do it with help from Yak.

Emily: Didn't I use Yak's help this turn already?

Siobhan: It's my turn.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Yak gives help on her turn and you use it on your turn, does it make
sense?

Emily: Oh yeah, I see.

Brennan: So now you won't be able to use it on your next turn 'cause you're
using it for the saving throw. It's a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw.

Emily: I got it, yeah.

Brennan: You grab the rope (makes a splashing sound) in the deep, that is now
Liam's turn.

Ally: Okay, I am going to run up to the front of the ship.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: And I have Stealth so I don't think that person will see me.

Brennan: You're also away from any light now, so you're back in darkness,
yeah.

Ally: Okay, cool. I'll be further, yeah.

Brennan: You wanna be like up here?

Ally: Yeah, that'd be great.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: The very front of the ship. And then I am going to attack that group of
three on the other ship.

Murph: Oh, nice.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: Let me get all these out of here. [moves some dice out of Ally’s way]
Crowding you.

Siobhan: Do you get advantage 'cause it's dark?

Ally: Yeah. Right?

Siobhan: Sick, man.

Brennan: Let me see, you might be out of your, what's the range on your
crossbow?

Ally: The range is—

Brennan: All right, does it say?

Ally: Oh yeah 100 to 400.

Brennan: Oh shit! Okay, yeah, you can definitely hit them, yeah, yeah, yeah,
go ahead and roll.

Ally: Come on crit!

Murph: Nice!

Ally: Yeah, that's 26.

Brennan: That hits. Go ahead and roll your second attack.

Ally: 27.

Brennan: Okay, so this would be 1d10 plus 8 on both of those.

Ally: Cool, so 2d10. 9 plus 8. And, y’know what, I'm actually gonna first
level Hail of Thorns on this one so that I get the two people next to him.

Brennan: Cool, awesome.

Ally: So that’s still the d10 and the 8, but then 5 feet around, will have to
make a save for a second d10 coming their way.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: So, oh, yeah!

Murph: Nice.

Ally: A 9 and a 10, so that's 19 plus 8, is 27 on that captain.

Brennan: This guy right here, oh are you doing it on the captain?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Toast, bam, first one arrow through the pitched storm, the ship is
like, [rises and falls] your whole horizon is changing your vision with each
roll of the waves and peppermint bolt through the head, gone.

Ally: Hell yeah. And then the other two have to make a save or else they take,
fuck yeah! 9.

Brennan: They each take 9 points of damage.

Murph: Wow, nice.

Ally: Sick.

Lou: Liam is a force.

Ally: And then, how much more movement do I have? Those are probably close.

Brennan: That's pretty much all your movement, I think, yeah. From here to the
deck from here. Oh that's close to all your moves.

Ally: This is a little shenanigans, okay? But can I take what's left of my
bedroll and tie it to hemp rope, all this stuff that I have in my pack? And
throw it to Cheddar?

Brennan: Unfortunately, you've used your bonus action and your action, all you
have is movement. If you were just moving, I would let you do that but it's
doing shit with your hands is like gonna require an action.

Ally: Holy fuck, Annabelle!

Brennan: Also, and I don't think any of you can really see, I mean, I, that's
where Annabelle is, but she gets, she got pushed under the water. So you would
just taking a guess as to where she is right now. That's Liam. All of the
captains of Bleu are dead. Primsy is stable. These guys are gonna go. One,
two, this guy's gonna come for you. Actually, he can't see you.

(suspenseful music)

Brennan: [knocking over a Cheddar mini] Drops.

Lou: No… Lady cheeses.

Brennan: She's still up.

Lou: Yeah!

Brennan: Okay, that's now going to be, and then these guys over here are going
to go. Who can these guys still hit? They're gonna take shots, I think.

Siobhan: Shit.

Brennan: Are they going to do something smart? Their captain is dead. These
guys man their ship and they're gonna try to sail it away. This did not go
well for them.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: That's the smart thing to do, they're gonna try to do that. So
they're gonna make an attempt to sail away. I'm gonna say that if- they get a
plus 4 to this roll, if they hit a 20, they can begin to sail away otherwise
they're just going from fighting mode to sailing mode. So, 16 or higher,
that's a 9, so they just start making ready the ship to sail. They don't have
any good targets that they can really see within range, you know. These guys
have one, two three, four, five, six are all gonna go for Cumulous. That is
going to be-- Cumulous you take—

Murph: Can I use Swirlwarden to try to get up into the boat?

Brennan, clearly caught off guard, stares at Murph for a second.

Emily: [approvingly] Oh, yeah, buddy. [clapping]

Brennan: [deeply offended] You absolute... (players laughing) You absolute
motherfucker. How dare you use a magic item I homebrewed just for you, to fuck
me? All right.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Here's what's gonna happen.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: I'm gonna let you decide which one you want this to be. It's, it’s,
swimming is normally just difficult, but you don't have a swim speed. So it
would take all of your movement to get up and just grab onto the boat. I'm
going to say you can either make a DC 25 Athletics check, or you can make a DC
20 Athletics check with disadvantage.

Siobhan: Fuck. Goddamn.

Murph: I mean--

Emily: You have Sprinkle.

Murph: Yeah, you know what? I'll do disadvantage.

Brennan: So Sprinkle's gonna cancel that out. So you've gotta hit a-

Murph: Okay, so Sprinkle can help.

Brennan: Sprinkle can help. So you gotta hit 20 on an Athletics.

Brennan gets the Box of Doom out.

Ally: It’s 13 or higher, right?

Lou: Damn, we live in the damn Box of Doom.

Ally: Yeah, truly.

Brennan: No this is, because I'm gonna do this as well. You're trying to swim,
you're in heavy armor. This is, this has to matter. 13 means you get to the
ship and get a gauntlet on it. You get a gauntlet on it. If you fail that by
10 or more, meaning if you get a 3 or lower, you're gonna to immediately shoot
20 feet down into the water.

Murph: Jesus. Yeah, I mean, I don't have much of a choice.

Brennan: 13 or higher gets you to the boat. 3 or lower gets you deeper into
the sea.

Murph: Riz Gukgak dice.

Brennan: 15.

(players cheer)

Ally: Yes! Oh my god!

Murph: That's a 22. Sprinkle!

Brennan: [laughing] You absolute goon! You fucker.

Siobhan: Rules, rules, rules, rules!

Brennan: So, Theo, you go in, Amethar you leap to the ship, shout the command,
the boat swivels, you feel yourself sinking, plummeting with your armor. You
hit the mast that catches you, just as Amethar gives the command to turn the
ship. You are on the mast, so your sinking is slowed, and you hear a voice in
the water.

(Sprinkle noises).

Theobald: Sprinkle! Sprinkle!

Brennan: You, how much damage did I say you took?

Zac: You didn't say yet.

Brennan: You take, or you're about to take 13 points of damage. Underneath the
sea Theo, you feel the yogurt entering your lungs. Swirlwarden glows,

Swirlwarden: A member of the House of Rocks is in danger.

Brennan: (whooshing sound) Theo bursts out of the ocean—

Siobhan: Yes!

Brennan: Jumps, I'm gonna say jumps into the fucking boat and then you take 13
points of damage as you leap in the way of the attack.

Zac: How much do I take then?

Brennan: You take none.

Zac: None at all? Oh, wow.

Brennan: Theo taking that damage for you, just saved his life.

Ally: Oh my God.

Cumulous: We've met, right?

Theobald: Yes. We’ve— I was standing in the corner, I went and got some
parchment. You weren’t there when I got the parchment.

Cumulous: It's not a great memory, honestly.

Theobald: No, it wasn't very important at the time.

Brennan: Okay. So wild, I—

Ally: That's crazy.

Brennan: I cannot believe that.

Ally: As a reaction?

Murph: I was waiting for somebody to get hit near me.

Ally: That’s so good.

Murph: Thank you, Riz dice. [holds up the die he got a 15 with]

Brennan: Annabelle's gotta make an Athletics check.

Brennan gets out the Box of Doom. Again.

Zac: She's on a barrel.

Lou: Homegirl on a barrel.

Brennan: She gotta make a DC 15 Athletics check, she gets a plus 8 to this
roll, so she needs a 7, to just, to get her head above water. 16, she gets her
head above water.

Emily: Yeah, okay, okay.

Ally: Thank God.

Brennan: Now she's got to make a DC 20 Dexterity save. 18 on the dice.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Annabelle, incredible, pops her head up, grabs onto this barrel and
starts screaming. Now she's gotta make a Strength check that's DC 10. 11, she
makes it. She has not pulled- She kicks her legs crazily in the water, screams
out, just made three saves in a row, and is not sucked by the current out to
sea.

Ally: I feel very represented by her.

Brennan: [laughs] This guy's gonna crawl up into the boat here.

Zac: Do I get to smack him?

Brennan: You do not get to smack him. This guy disappears out into the ocean.

Lou: Buh-bye!

Brennan: This guy hits the boat, rolls under it and pops up the other side.
We're gonna make a save for him. He fails to save and moves past where he can
grab the boat screaming as the ocean pulls him out to sea… [realizes what he
just said] or the ocean pulls him out to sea?

(players chuckle)

Murph: That happens. It tracks.

Lou: It's a thing.

Brennan: It's a thing.

Ally: They're different oceans and different seas.

Brennan: Okay. That is going to be, Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: I think Cumulous is going to just hit the guy who is already injured that
he—

Murph: Yeah, I messed the guy up.

Zac: Cool. You're grab- You've grabbed the rope.

Emily: Yeah, I've got a rope, yeah.

Zac: Okay. Hits, 22.

Brennan: Yep.

Zac: And then I'm just, I don't know how hurt, how hurt is the person?

Brennan: It's a mess in here. I think you're just attacking the people in
front of you as best you can.

Zac: Okay, then, what is the check to push someone off the boat?

Brennan: It's an Athletics check.

Zac: Okay. I'll just keep hitting people.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: That’s 21.

Brennan: Okay, that hits.

Zac: So that's two unarmed hits.

Brennan: Or is that two staff hits?

Zac: I mean, staff hits, excuse me.

Brennan: Cool, gotcha. Yep, yep, yep.

Zac: So I'll do that damage and then.

Brennan: Cool, gotcha. Yeah go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: Ooh, that is 14 on the first one.

Brennan: 14 on the first one, that's.

Zac: Another 14 so-

Brennan: You're up, the guy who started this round completely uninjured is
hurled into the ocean, his skull cracked in half, dead.

Zac: And then I'm gonna Flurry and hit the guy that's already been hurt in
front of me.

Brennan: Dope, go for it. Yes, yes, yes..

Murph: -so many bodies-

Ally: I know.

Emily: I think those guys were dead.

Murph: Well, those guys are dead, but this guy just hopped in.

Zac: That's only 10. And then yeah.

Brennan: That hits?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: So 1d6 plus 5.

Zac rolls his die; it jumps out of his dice box and onto the table.

Zac: [laughs] That's a 9.

Lou: Roll’s a roll.

Brennan: Another one into the sea, you spinning roundhouse kick this guy.
Dead, goes into the water, or goes into the milk. Cumulous, that's you, or
that's your turn. Jet, that is you.

Emily: Okay, so what is my situation right now? I'm holding on to a rope. What
does that mean?

Brennan: What that means is—

Emily: Like can I- Does that mean I can just jump onto the boat?

Brennan: So at the beginning you need to make a Strength check to avoid the
current.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: So go ahead give me a Strength saving throw, DC 10.

Siobhan: With advantage 'cause she has the rope?

Emily: Oh, I got it.

Brennan: You got it, cool. Now you have a rope. So you can use that to get
further up the mast if you want or you can try to just get up into the boat
again.

Emily: How is Annabelle? Is she like in active danger? Is that like barrel
just like--

Brennan: She's in extremely active danger.

Emily: Can I get on a, oh right, oh no, she's, okay. I'd like to hop up on the
boat, and then, I think I want to, do you get an advantage if you attack
yourself?

Full pause. Ally puts their face in their hand.

Siobhan: What?

Brennan: What are you trying to do?

Emily: If you attack yourself?

Ally: It's 2:00 a.m. in a warehouse in Los Angeles.

Emily: Because I wanna give her a bonus reaction to move. I wanna give her a
reaction so she can move more.

Brennan: That's only Murph, I think.

Emily: No, I have a maneuvering attack.

Zac: Can you take a ranged attack on someone?

Emily: Yeah, that's true, I can hop in here and then throw a dagger.

Brennan: Yeah, you can hop up and throw a dagger.

Emily: Let me make sure, it says, “when you hit a creature with a weapon
attack.” Okay, so it's just a weapon attack.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Emily: So I guess I'll hop into the boat.

Brennan: Give me a DC 15 Athletics check.

Emily: Okay, Athletics, I got it.

Murph: You got it. Nice.

Brennan: You got it cool. You get rope, you like tie the rope around one of
the hooks, pull yourself up with it, and are back in the boat.

Ally: [laughing] Advantage to attack yourself.

Emily: And then I'm gonna throw a dagger at him.

Brennan: Go for it, give me an attack.

Emily: That's definitely gonna hit. 25 I’m assuming it hits.

Brennan: Feel free to add Sneak Attack 'cause you just jumped out of the
ocean.

Emily: Yeah!

Murph: “A girl just jumped out of yogurt and threw a knife at me. I am
shocked.”

Emily: So that's gonna be, 19. And then I'm gonna shout, I used a Superiority
Dice. So I'm shouting to Annabelle and saying,

Jet: Move!

Emily: So she has a, she can move up to half her speed without provoking
opportunity attacks as a reaction.

Brennan: Okay, you, first of all, throw a dagger through this guy's head and
kill him.

Emily: Right. I don't even notice, I'm shouting at Annabelle.

Brennan: Okay, she's gotta make a DC 15 Athletics check. She's gonna use that,
use the reaction. [Box of Doom out again] She's gonna, again, plus 8, 7 or
higher. She rolls a 5.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: She moves but she doesn't get up to here. So she is going to move up,
a lot, up into this look more advantageous thing, that's gonna give her, like
a better situation on her next turn.

Emily: Oh, I get a second attack, I might as well take it.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Emily: I throw another dagger.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Yep, it's gonna hit, it does not add a Superiority Die this time
though. It's a 1 and a 1, 8.

Brennan: 8 damage to that guy right there.

Emily: Yes. And fuck it, I'll add a Superiority Die, try and get him down, try
and do a, that actually doesn't make sense, yeah, I won’t add a Superiority
Die.

Brennan: Cool, you hit him for a quick 8 damage, he's also uninjured.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: So you throw the dagger. That is Jet, Theo, that's you.

Murph: Oh boy, okay. Amethar is gonna be in big trouble. Oh, can I try to get
one of these oa—? I want to hold an oar out to Amethar.

Brennan: Yeah, you could do that, absolutely.

Murph: I guess that would be like my action or?

Brennan: Yeah, that'd be your action.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Oh, Dad, I should have given you the reaction. I didn't see you were
still in trouble.

Murph: I'd be down to make myself prone to take more attacks or something if
it meant I would have a better chance of not falling into the- Can I like
stabilize? Like get down and hold the oar on the side?

Brennan: Yes, you can give, if you give everybody advantage and go prone?

Murph: I'm down? Yeah, that's fine, I'd rather get bashed than fall in the
yogurt.

Emily: Oh right, but that person was spinning it, so maybe he'll come around
and meet us anyways.

Murph: Maybe, yeah. I hold an oar out to Amethar.

Brennan: You go prone and hold an oar out. That's Theo.

Murph: And I might as well, I'm gonna Second Wind too, as a bonus action.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Nice!

Murph: Sweet, 14 back.

Brennan pushes the sinking Colby’s mast further into the ocean.

Ally: Oh fuck.

Murph: Just realized, I've done a lot of cool stuff this fight, but I've
literally done nothing. I think I attacked one guy. Other than that, I've just
hopped around and not died.

Zac: You took some damage for me.

Murph: Yeah, that's true.

Siobhan: You pushed that guy in the ocean.

Murph: That's true.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: I can't believe I didn't, (sighs) I feel like such an idiot.

Murph: Why?

Emily: I gave it to Annabelle and I didn't even realize that--

Murph: Yeah, but—

Brennan: I'm gonna need a, immediately, a Strength saving throw.

Murph: Oh, I have, I didn't use, oh, I guess I'll use Sprinkle whenever I
pull-

Brennan: Cool, gotcha.

Lou: That's gonna be 22.

Murph: Nice!

Brennan: You, (whooshing) The ship goes down. You could feel the way this ship
wanted to suck you under and like putting Payday on your back, you (grunts)
like breach like a fucking whale, coming out of the ocean.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Brennan: And that- That’s the ship sinking. I'm gonna need Strength saving
throws from everybody but- from everyone again. Go ahead and give me a
Strength saving throw.

Siobhan: I rolled a nat 1.

Murph: Oh, god! I also rolled a nat 1.

Emily: 13.

Siobhan: Oh my god!

Brennan: You're prone in the boat, so nothing bad can happen.

Murph: Okay, good.

Lou: Oh thank god.

Ally: I'm fine, 23.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: Go ahead and I'm gonna say on a nat 1, Ruby, you fall to this side of
the boat.

Emily: Onto the barrel?

Brennan: No, away from everyone else, on the right side of the boat. I’m gonna
roll for Annabelle. Okay. Amethar, that is going to be your turn.

Lou: I can't swim forward, right? It's too- Current’s too strong?

Brennan: You can if with an Athletics check, you can essentially swim through
this.

Zac: Can you grab the oar that he used to reach out to you?

Lou: I'm trying to figure out if there's something I can do for my daughter.

Siobhan: I'm so far away from you, there's nothing you can do.

Emily: You're right near a rope.

Lou: Yeah. I'm gonna, yeah, can I, I guess I'll grab onto the oar.

Brennan: Okay, you grab the oar.

Lou: And I'd like to pull myself into the boat.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: And then I'd like to bonus action rage. And then start throwing people
out of the boat. And then take it then, I don't know, I have more shenanigans
but I'll start here, can I throw the dudes out of the boat?

Brennan: Yes, go ahead and give me an opposed Athletics check. Gotta beat a 7.

Lou: Handedly.

Brennan: You take this guy and hurl him into the ocean.

Lou: Great. Can I, is there an attack--

Brennan: That's an attack, you can do another one if you want.

Lou: Yeah, I'd love to throw another person out of the boat.

Brennan: Cool you gotta beat a 10.

Lou: Nat 20.

Ally: Throw two out.

Siobhan: Throw two out.

Ally: Crit. Crit on throwing.

Zac: Can you throw him into a guy like a pool ball?

(players laugh)

Lou: Yeah, just, like, [pretends to throw someone] whoo-pa-pa!

Brennan: On a nat 20, where do you wanna throw one of these dudes?

Lou: Oh, I mean, I think I wanna throw...

Zac and Siobhan point to Jet’s direction.

[players laugh]

Siobhan has her hands clasped as if in prayer.

Lou: Can I throw him in such a way that he knocks this off of the ship and
down to Jet? Can I like truly aim and throw him, to knock the part of that
ship?

Brennan: I rolled a nat 1. Hold on.

Siobhan: Oh my god.

Lou: You gonna let me do this bullshit?

Brennan: King Amethar turns to face his daughter as she begins to disappear.
You pick up one of these cheese marauders that tried to kill you, you hurl him
through the stormy sky and he splits the, this one, the foresail in half and
it falls, giving you an immediate Dexterity saving throw to hold on to it.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Brennan: DC 15.

Emily: Yeah!

Siobhan: 26.

Brennan: You see through the waves, as you begin to disappear, your father.
(grunts) The guy's immediately dead, he just shatters against the foresail,
and you knock it off of the ship. Any other movement that turn or no?

Lou: I mean other than to sit down, I'm gonna start trying to drive this boat.

Brennan: Okay so you go further to the boat, gotcha. You're in. Okay, that's
Amethar that's-

Ally: This guy was down.

Brennan: Oh he was? Okay.

Ally: Just to keep track, 'cause when you picked that guy up he popped.

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes. Got it, he popped back up again? Gotcha.

Murph: Just got one guy in there now?

Ally: Two, it looks like.

Murph: Oh, yeah.

Lou: Also you both take 3 damage.

Murph: Oh, that's fine.

Theobald: My king, gladly.

Lou: Yeah, I'm sorry, I had to find the strength to chuck a guy like a
baseball.

Brennan: These two Cheddar sailors drop this House Bleu guy over here.

Lou: The lady cheeses!

Brennan: Then it's gonna be, that's Cheddar, Ruby, that is you.

Siobhan: All right, I'm gonna use my Mage Hand to throw my rope to my favorite
cousin, Liam.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Incredible. I do need, do give me a Strength, just a DC 10 Strength
saving throw, so you can do it with advantage because you have the thing
you're holding on to.

Siobhan: Okay, great. Yeah, two 12’s yeah.

Emily: Also Yak would have at that point flown back to her.

Brennan: Okay, great. So you're holding on, your Mage Hand throw, throw your
rope up to Liam.

Siobhan: And then yeah, I want Yak to come back over to me to give me
advantage on any kind of a climb check, back up to the boat.

Brennan: He goes there. Yeah, that's your bonus action to throw that, you made
your save. You have your movement, so go ahead and give me an Athletics check
with advantage, we’re gonna call it DC 15.

Siobhan: Athletics? Can’t be Acrobatics?

Brennan: In this case, you're moving your own body weight. Yeah, we'll do
Acrobatics.

Siobhan: Great. Oh yeah, baby that's a 29.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You hold on, you get a piece of rope from this, you are back up in
the boat.

Siobhan: Great, and then as my attack, I would like to throw this rope out to
Annabelle.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go ahead and give me an attack roll.

Siobhan: Great. That's plus my Proficiency plus my Dex?

Brennan: Her AC is 17, you're gotta hit a 17. Use the stats for Sour Scratch.

Siobhan: So no I don't, that's a 15.

Brennan: Okay. It sails past her, lands here in the water. That is going to be
Liam's turn.

Ally: Great, I turn around, and I, now I'm going to use Ice Knife.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: The way it's supposed to be used, as a spell. I throw an Ice Knife at
one of those two guys.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Ally: Do I get advantage 'cause they can't see me?

Brennan: Yes that's correct.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Ally: That’s a 27, so, he would take a d10 piercing damage, 6 and then they
both will take 2d6 if they fail a Dexterity saving throw. Hell yeah, 9.

Brennan: Jesus, (mumbles). There’s an explosion of peppermint, both dead, this
ship, the La Fondue, is clear of enemy soldiers.

Ally: Great, now I wanna run to the wheel. It- Would that be my movement of
30?

Brennan: That would be a movement, yep.

Ally: And can I roll to try to spin the wheel and get us closer to them so
they have less traveling now?

Brennan: Give me, this is just gonna be a raw Wisdom check.

Ally: Cool. Wisdom, okay. 19.

Brennan: 19, you turn the ship and begin to sail it over where this is
sinking. You move it just a few feet. Incredible. As you come alongside,
that's Liam. That's Primsy. These Marauders, these ones are all dead. There's
two left in here.

Zac: Ooh. We can probably get the cheese people there, our friends.

Ally: Totally.

Brennan: Two there, the two cheese there surrender. They drop their weapons
and kneel.

Siobhan: Fucking throw ‘em off the boat.

Lou: Okay.

Ally: We need answers.

Siobhan: Yeah, we need only one of them for answers.

Brennan: These ones sail away.

Zac: All the way away?

Brennan: All the way away.

Lou: All the way away.

Brennan: Or the boat moves off, you can, if you can, if you wanna run after
them you can.

Theobald: Alright, all right, Blue Cheese, start rowin’.

Brennan: Annabelle is going to make an Athletics check. She leaps to the side
of the ship. Right here.

Ally: I say,

Liam: [deep voice] It's good to see you again.

Annabelle: Right, it's good to see you too, lad. Something's changed, and I
have to say, I think I like it.

Liam: Thank you. [pauses] Can you maybe steer this boat? I'm really guessing.

(players laugh)

Annabelle: Aye, I can.

Brennan: And she's gonna use her bonus action to leap up here and take the
helm from Liam.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: That is Cumulous.

Zac: There's just those two guys?

Brennan: Correct.

Zac: They've surrendered?

Brennan: Yes, oh, wait, I'm sorry. I had the Cheddar go. This, she's gonna
make an Athletics check. She leaps into this boat as well with her wounded
friend.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: Cumulous is gonna kill one of the people who surrender.

Emily: Yeah, Cumulous!

Ally: I'm so bummed I didn't witness any of this.

Theobald: Master Cumulous, they surrendered!

Cumulous: Oh, really?

(Players laugh)

Zac: That’s a 15.

Brennan: Hits.

Theobald: [whispering] King Amethar, how do we feel about this, they
surrendered.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: Hits. Yeah, go ahead and roll those d8s.

Cumulous: It is good to see you, cousin.

Amethar: Yes. [to Theobald] It's international waters. Just don't tell
anybody.

(Players laugh)

Zac: It’s 11 plus 12.

Theobald: If you say it’s okay.

Brennan: Cumulous- the two men surrendered, they go,

Marauder: [French accent] [waving hands] We surrender. We don’t want any-

Brennan: The light goes out of his eyes and Cumulous, you (breathes heavily)
get the sugar from his soul.

Cumulous: Yes, thank you for surrendering.

Amethar: All right, cousin, that's a one time thing, we can keep the other
one?

Theobald: Yeah, you should-

Cumulous: Are you sure?

Liam: Cumulous, they’ve surrendered.

Brennan: Any movement on your turn?

Siobhan: I don't think Jet is gonna be very good at rowing that boat.

Murph: Jet can do it-

Zac: I'm going to hook one boat to the other, so maybe it's more stable.

Brennan: Cool, yep.

Zac: And then--

Brennan: Great. That's Cumulous’ turn. Jet, that's you.

Emily: You said there's one that's still alive?

Brennan: One's still alive yeah.

Liam: We need answers.

Emily: I’m gonna throw my dagger at him.

Brennan: Go for it.

Liam: We need answers.

Jet: He's not gonna know jack shit.

Siobhan: Manta Ray Jack shit.

Emily: He’s not gonna know Manta Ray Jack shit. Okay, 23 hits?

Brennan: 23 hits.

Emily: Okay, I don't hit for that much. Oh wait, I don't even have Sneak
Attack. Oh, this is pathetic.

Siobhan: You do have a Sneak Attack. He is next to--

Emily: Oh, yeah. Okay, 12.

Brennan: You slaughter the last one.

Jet: He will know nothing.

Brennan: Any movement?

Emily: Yeah, I'm just gonna (does a celebratory dance).

Theobald: Jet, what?

Liam: What?

Cumulous: Nice.

Theobald: Alright.

Cumulous: Nice.

Liam: You gotta get on to the other boat!

Cumulous: Nice.

Emily: I’m gonna carry Primsy onto the other boat.

Brennan: Everyone, with a lack of fighting, the storm is raging around you,
everyone can get another set of Strength saving throws with advantage.

Murph: Okay, am I still prone?

Brennan: People in this ship don't have to roll, it's just people in the boats
that have to roll.

Lou: 22.

Emily: 15.

Zac: Ooh, that's good. I got a 15.

Murph: Can I stay prone?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Murph: Alright, good. I don't want to risk it.

Brennan: Cool, ah, this ship moves up. You are all gathered out of the boats.
We're gonna roll some Medicine checks for these fallen-

Zac: Can we give them advantage?

Brennan: You guys can go and help if you want.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'll help out.

Murph: Sure yeah, I'll hop in and start helping some cheeses.

Brennan: The sailor that was first hit here that was brought aboard is the
only one that passes away. The rest are put into stable condition, and Captain
Annabelle guides the La Fondue through the rest of the storm. (whooshing
sounds)

Ally: Can I do an Insight check on the one that passed away?

Brennan: The one that passed away?

Ally: The cheese that like everyone was worried about saving and like, they
got over there and now they're passed.

Brennan: Yeah, do an Insight check, yeah, go for it.

Ally: Let's see, that's 18.

Brennan: She was a good sailor and a fierce soldier who died in combat against
these traitors from House Bleu.

Ally: I don't trust her.

Brennan: Incredible. Cumulous, the rest of you guys, can make it aboard this
ship. You leave the flotsam and jetsam. You see the Dairy Air disappear into
the storm and Annabelle attempts to guide you through the storm with the few
sailors she has left and a mysterious stranger stands amongst you.

Zac: Cumulous is just on the front of the boat looking out.

Jet: Ruby, this is our uncle, cousin.

Ruby: Oh, our cousin?

Cumulous: I think we're cousins.

Lou: Do I know him?

Siobhan: Can I do a History check?

Brennan: Do a History check. Amethar, you had a cousin—

Siobhan: I rolled a nat 20. This is the one book I read.

Emily: Jesus Christ, how many nat 20's have you rolled?

Siobhan has gotten three nat 20s this episode.

Siobhan: I've gotten a lot of nat 20s.

Brennan: Cumulous, is a distant cousin. He's like, not even a first cousin.
He's like off in the wing of the family. He disappeared, didn't leave,
disappeared. Probably 25, 25 to 30 years ago.

Siobhan: During the war?

Brennan: Before the war.

Siobhan: Before the war?

Brennan: The period before the war.

Siobhan: I Message that to Jet and to Theo.

Brennan: You look and hanging around his neck, is a Lapis Lazuli eye, hard
rock eye. A symbol of the Archmage Lazuli.

Murph: I run over to Cumulous.

Theobald: How did you get that pendant?

Cumulous: It was given to me by the Archmage.

Theobald: You mentioned that she made you in a way, what does that mean?

Cumulous: I was part of the Order of the Spinning Star, created by Archmage
Lazuli. We were created to protect the magical secrets of Candia. She molded
me in a way.

Murph: Did Theo know that it got this advanced?

Brennan, who is eating something, turns his head to look at Murph. Lou laughs
at him and, in response, Brennan licks his salami.

Murph: That it like, that there's like, full on real cool dudes that can fly?

Zac: What’s goin’ on?

Lou: My man’s just trying to sneak salami.

Brennan: [to camera] Sometimes when they talk, I'm like, this is snack time,
but sometimes they ask me a question and then, it's not snack time. You had a
nat 20 History check. Give me a History check as well, Theo, just to see.

Murph: Okay, oh, it's 24.

Brennan: The Order of the Spin— you remember the memory you remembered earlier
today—

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Of this man standing in Lazuli's office, of like, and Lazuli had a
lot of irons in the fire, of all the sisters, she was the one who had the most
like, “Listen, I gotta go take care of some shit.”

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Like she had a lot of irons of fire, a lot of kettles on the stove.
And you remember the Order of the Spinning Star. They were something that she
never talked about. And you remember being maybe frustrated with her because
there were moments like when you guys were in Fructera together, where she
wouldn't call on them to help in the war. She was like “They have plenty that
they're busy with.”

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: And she would talk about the fact that like, this war will preserve
our kingdom. But things like the Order will preserve Candia itself and you
were never quite sure what she meant by that. There is a lot here that you can
see which might have been techniques or training that was really imparted to
these people, you know that this guy's not a wizard.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: But she taught you a lot of stuff, she like created, like you were an
Eldritch Knight. There's not a lot of knights running around that who can do
what you can do. It just seems like she had different servants that were able
to do different things.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: You also know with that, that Order of the Spinning Star— You weren't
sure what, where they drew their magic from, but you knew that there were
references to weird things and that, you saw Citrina get in a fight one time
really intensely with Lazuli about things that she saw at the Monastery of the
Spinning Star.

Murph: I relay that to everyone.

Theobald: Remember when we were on the road? And I said that your Aunt Lazuli
was working on some really cool magic stuff?

Ruby: Mm-hmm.

Theo gestures to Cumulous.

Cumulous: Are you pointing at me?

Theobald: I'm pointing at you, yes.

Ruby: I can also do really cool magic stuff.

Cumulous: I know.

Jet: I'm a little bit psychic.

Cumulous: I know.

Jet: You do?

Theobold: Were you-?

Cumulous: Well, not psychic.

Theobald: Were you sent here specifically by the Archmage?

Cumulous: I was sent here when Candia went to war.

Ruby: You've been waiting here since then?

Cumulous: Not specifically here. Once Candia went to war with the rest of the
Concord. I was then able to come here. Through magic, not entirely of my own.

Ruby: You can time travel?

Cumulous: No. I basically was able to teleport here with the Gaseous Form
spell, it's complicated, I'm not, I honestly don't understand magic that well,
but I'm here to protect it.

Amethar: I don't really understand what's going on but it's good to see you,
cousin.

Cumulous: What happened with those Christmas cards?

Brennan: [laughs] And that's all for this week on A Crown of Candy. Tune in
next week as we continue into the Yogurt Shoals and the Dairy Sea beyond with
a new companion in A Crown of Candy. Bye, bye.

Players: Bye.

Zac: I'm back.

(players laugh)

Siobhan and Emily: Happy birthday!

Note: There were 11 nat 20s rolled this episode, by both the players and
Brennan. Cheers, Lou.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 9: Safe
Harbor](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQI5Cg6t65A5EUDfZ9jYqMRrIcAcebCh-
Mwwl3THhU4oRk4IJ2ChkktrTj5Amtp6JS0cbz6bXDpJG6-/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647631058607&usg=AOvVaw3YpLhSSlp_9-gKadhxiB-q)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

Jet: I'm going to get in so much trouble. There is literally war going on.

Ruby: Jet, we can't worry about getting in trouble. There's war going on.

(Brennan laughs)

Jet: You're right, it works both ways.

Morris: Aye.

Liam: You look like, you could really pack it in.

Morris: On my honor as a knight. I hereby challenge you to a duel.

Liam: What?

Lou: Oh.

Caramelinda: How could you never tell me? Amethar the Unfallen. Let's see if
Candia can earn the same title.

* * *

Edited by gluegunshots, numblee, Kyber Bonsai, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjowRyiKrAzUEo9Nl-
uxp_qWU30zTxGKJmtaIWRw8ltJ_vp_nnCTkxOY7Sx_L3qF0tM9smzZcLY7JgdpoCKY:0)

Episode 9: Safe Harbor

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Emily Axford as Princess Jet Rocks; Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks;  
Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks; and Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks

Episode 9: Safe Harbor

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQnc577_NI0IEI7F-jMam-
WMoPe_1Q5xt6F_-54ooOhM0zIV5etRp80B26HfvDnkfGgHXQKww130-Qx/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647634796453&usg=AOvVaw0iFzlg-8c-bIRw5uSx07xr)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQRY0426CFshXhvPv0wb13gw-
Ezn40Y6QgALTmSa1I6Fe6a26LrN5G-SaZRc8_D8FkHhPjHQWgvyoRM/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647634796810&usg=AOvVaw13IAdcKIzsNSiQ52TCu9Ap)]
>

(dramatic music)

Brennan: Hello one and all, and welcome back to another exciting episode of A
Crown of Candy. I am your humble Dungeon Master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With
me, as always, are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes!

Everyone: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Murph is peering through a rolled-up piece of paper like a spyglass.

Brennan: Oh, wonderful. Last we left off, our heroes had stowed away aboard
the Colby, coming from the capital city of Comida, around Pulp Bay, into the
Yogurt Shoals, where the Duchess Primsy Coldbottle and Captain Annabelle
Cheddar discovered our stowaways and a tense armistice was discussed, an
uneasy truce. For indeed, the Dairy Islands could not openly help the
secessionist Candians, the excommunicated King and his bastard daughters and
the crown prince now of Candia whose father, unbeknownst to him, had entered
into open rebellion against the Concord earlier the next day, or rather had
always been in open rebellion, but suddenly was king and it mattered a lot
more. Found yourself in the Yogurt Shoals, where Primsy Coldbottle related
more of her tender courtship with the young Lord Stilton Curdeau of House
Bleu.

Siobhan: Boo!

Ally: Boo!

Siobhan: House Boo!

(laughing)

Brennan: More like House Boo.

Murph: Thank you!

Brennan: Unsure of whether they should honor the ancient alliance between the
Dairy Islands and Candia, their decision-making process was cut short when
their ship was scuttled by the Dairy Air in the Yogurt Shoals.

Siobhan: Stupid.

Brennan: In the middle of a pitched storm, no, not stupid, in fact, grate.

(laughing)

Brennan: Pitched battle, naval battle in a storm, marauders of House Bleu on
either side attempting to assassinate the Duchess Primsy Coldbottle. She was
saved at the last minute by the Princess Jet, who shot Stilton Cordeau to the
bottom of the ocean--

Emily: The Bastard Jet.

Brennan: The Bastard Jet, that's correct. To the bottom of the ocean. And the
crew, minus one sad casualty, lept from the sinking Colby to the deck of the
Fondue, La Fondue, where the Captain Annabelle Cheddar was also rescued. Some
close calls with going into the Tangy Deep. You are all aboard the La Fondue,
sailing through the storm headed for open sea.

(raining)

Brennan: All of you, I imagine, try to get below decks as much as possible. Or
actually, you know what? I don't think you guys even can. You guys are sailing
through the storm. I'm actually gonna go ahead and we're gonna begin this
with- I'm gonna need everyone here to pick one of their skills that they wanna
do, because most of the Cheddar sailors are down. So, in the middle of
(whooshing)

Sailor: (yells) Hey! Get to the rig and hold the sails tight!

Brennan: As dead bodies are washed to and fro by the yogurt coming overboard.
There's not enough hands on deck and you guys, even though you don't have any
proficiency, are gonna need to try to sail this thing.

Siobhan: Well, I'm gonna tie up ropes, I feel like that's a thing that I can-

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Sleight of Hand check from you. What else is
everyone doing on the ship?

Lou: Can I hoist sails?

Brennan: You may absolutely use an Athletics check to hoist sails. Hold on,
we're gonna do a group check.

Emily: I'll also do tying up the ropes.

Brennan: We'll get a Sleight of Hand from you.

Zac: Is there an Acrobatics- What would Acrobatics be? (laughs)

Brennan: You tell me, it's not my job to fix the ship!

Emily: Jump to the sail and like, swing it. (mimics motion)

Lou: Wow, Sassy Brennan!

Zac: Climb up and like, try to do something with the sails.

Brennan: Cool, you can give me, I'll ask for a Sleight of Hand from you as
well.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: I'll do something that needs Athletics, just brute strength.

Brennan: Cool. I'm just gonna say that you are honestly just hammering away.
You'll just give me a raw Strength check to hammer damage from the storm and
fix stuff underneath.

Murph: Sweet.

Ally: I'll do some sort of rope pulling, Strength.

Brennan: Cool, you're gonna give me Athletics as well. We need half of us here
to beat a- The storm is picking up, I'm gonna say, we'll call it a DC 17, I
need half of us here to beat a DC 17.

Siobhan: Can I roll with advantage with Yak?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: And then-

Murph: I got a 19 Strength check.

Zac: Yes!

Emily: 22, oh, 23 Acrobatics.

Brennan: 23?

Siobhan: Got a 21 Sleight of Hand.

Brennan: 21, great!

Zac: 22.

Emily: Oh, it's actually the same, 23 Sleight of Hand.

Ally: 9.

Lou: 8.

Brennan: 8?

Zac: 22.

Brennan: 22, 4 out of 6, that's the majority, group check passes. (whooshing)
You watch the last tip of the Colby's mast disappear, and sailing off already
in darkness with their alchemical dark vision that murderous crew of the Dairy
Air sails off into the storm. Annabelle lights—

Emily: Do we have cannons on this boat? We should cannon them.

Brennan: (laughs) There are no cannons, there are some crossbows around, but
mostly these ships are used for boarding and hand-to-hand combat.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: You sail the La Fondue off. You successfully sail through the storm
and as the storm passes and the waters even out Annabelle has lashed herself
to the helm, looks over at the rest of the crew and says,

Annabelle: Right, me and Catalan can help the rest of this, all of you can
head downstairs and get your rest. It should be smooth after the storm.

Liam: Where are we going?

Jet: Are we still en route to the Dairy Islands? Or perhaps in light of
certain events that happened, we might be headed to the Candy Mountains?

Liam: 35 of my sexy parents (laughing) want to spread you like soft cheese on
a cracker.

Jet: Also, I saved your cousin!

Ruby: How come Liam isn't a bastard when we're bastards? If Liam's dad has 35
partners—

Liam: See, if you participate in a world where the word “bastard” is used you
can easily become a bastard, but I was born into a very fluid and sexually
open world where we don't even really use the word bastard.

Jet: I also think the word bastard is pretty cool, so I-

Ruby: I mean, I'm not hating on it. I think it's pretty fun.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a history check, if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: Great. That's a 12.

Brennan: You flash back to the conversation that you and Lord Cruller had on
the road where you were like, "So, everyone knows we do magic, but nobody says
that we do magic?" And he was like, "Yes, politics is everyone knowing
something is one way and saying it's another way." The Duke of the Great Stone
Candy Mountains has one wife to which he has been married in the Bulbian
Church, and he's got 33 other partners that have been handfasted to him in old
groves of the Sugar-Plum Fairy and other ancient Sucrosi spirits.

Siobhan: Wait, so is Liam's mom the only one that he's married to in the
Bulbian Church?

Brennan: Spearia Mentha is one of the oldest, longest standing partners of
Duke Jawbreaker. So, Liam is one of the youngest siblings but does come from
the one marriage that happened in a Bulbian Church.

Siobhan: Oh, so you're the heir now.

Brennan: You've got a bunch of brothers ahead of you that are your older bully
brothers, but you are pretty directly in line for the throne, but you've got a
couple brothers and sisters ahead of you in line.

Liam: I don't really care about the throne, I'm really just on a revenge path
right now.

Ruby: Cool. (laughing) I feel it.

Jet: I've been there, but I will tell you that once you see how messed up
politics are and you know that you are in one of the rare positions to make a
difference, you might start to wonder if you should consider it.

Liam: Hmm.

Zac: Can Cumulous make a- (laughs) I think Cumulous is just going to ask you,

Cumulous: May I see—

Jet: The Christmas cards?

Cumulous: May I see your bow and Christmas cards, if you have them. May I see
your bow?

Siobhan: We've been furiously hand-making Christmas cards down in the hold.

Brennan: By the way, High Frosting’s Eve, if you would be so kind.

Siobhan: High Frosting’s Eve.

Emily: High Frosting’s Eve.

(laughing)

Siobhan: Excuse me, I'm sorry. I'm sure it was in an email.

Brennan: [laughs] Lot of lore in this world.

Siobhan: Lot of lore in this one. Yeah, so I show Cumulous the bow.

Zac: I think Cumulous is just going to hold it for a moment and—

Siobhan: I'm doing that thing where you let somebody touch it but you're also
almost touching it, you don't want him to really take it away.

Zac: Cumulous just looks at it and cries.

(laughing)

Emily: Whoa!

Ally: Wow!

Zac: That one was Archmage—

Brennan: Lazuli's, yeah.

Emily: When you cry does your cotton candy harden?

Zac: Just hard- Sort of like-

Siobhan: Crunchy rivulets.

Brennan: I think Cumulous has the skin on his arms and shins, it almost looks
like bracers, but it's actually just his skin that has been treated with a
little bit of water to harden his forearms, elbows, knees, and his shins into
these hard sugar crusts on his cotton candy body.

Emily: Almost like a Muay Thai fighter.

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Emily: Wow!

Cumulous: Thank you for letting me see this. It's been many years since I've
held—

Ruby: You're welcome.

Siobhan: I grab it. (laughing) Grab it in a way that I'm trying not to be
rude, but I don't want anybody else touching it.

Brennan: Everybody here go ahead and give me a Constitution saving throw, if
you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Murph: Jesus.

Siobhan: I got a 19.

Murph: Okay, 4.

Emily: 14.

Zac: 7.

Brennan: Anyone that got less than a 15 begins to just nod off. The attack at
the cathedral happened this morning.

Murph: Oh, right.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: And you are all getting pneumonia from all the cold milk rain, it's a
bad look. It's time to go to sleep.

Emily: Can I fall asleep in a fighting stance?

Brennan: (laughs) Your rapier's just pointed up and out. You get some shifts
rigging into your hammock so it's just this rapier kind of, swinging. (laughs)

Emily: Okay, I think-

Murph: I put a cork on her sword before I go to bed.

(laughing)

Ally: I think I'm that kind of drunk sleep, so I just go up to Annabelle and I
go—

Liam: 35 moms, dads are gonna bang you out.

Annabelle: Right. This has gone from being an offer to a threat.

(cast laughing)

Ally: And then I fall asleep right there on the deck.

Brennan: (laughs) The deck just collapsed. Cool. So, Jet and Liam, you guys
are passed out. Did anyone else get below a 15?

Zac: I did, but I wasn't in that fight, does that matter?

Brennan: Oh, I think you're probably okay. Your DC's probably a little bit
higher. But the rest of you guys, it's not that you're not feeling also the
intense, you know- Amethar's been wounded mortally since this morning. Do you
guys all go find hammocks? What do you guys do?

Murph: I think I'll probably, before I go to bed, I'll probably talk to
Cumulous for a second. And Amethar, you're still up, right?

Lou: No, I'm out.

Murph: You're out, okay. So, just Cumulous.

Siobhan: Then I’ll also go to bed.

Theobald: Cumulous, are there more like you?

Cumulous: There used to be a lot more, but we are… There's a lot less of us
now.

Theobald: What's stopping the rest of you from getting through?

Brennan: I can tell you right now that back when the Order of the Spinning
Star was at its full strength, you could use your teleportation. Lazuli made
these incredible teleportation circles all over Candia that were a network for
the monks to travel around in secret. Now the trick with them is basically
that they're incredibly dangerous because there's no one left who really knows
how to fix them. So, when one of them breaks they just break and can't be
fixed. And additionally, because they're a network, as some break, they
destabilize all the others. You coming here was because you're one of the
strongest warrior monks left, and were most likely to survive the trip. Even
you coming here was a risk to your life and limb.

Zac: I guess Cumulous just relays that.

Theobald: Great. But there are more of you. Are they on another plane of
existence, or something? How does-

Cumulous: It would be on this plane. We haven't been able to do very much
since the Archmage... died. We were created… I don't know how much you wanna
know, but-

Theobald: I wanna know everything, yeah.

Cumulous: We were created by the Archmage and after she died, we weren't
really able to do anything until Candia ended up going to war. And that
released us from certain vows that let us participate in what's happening now.

Theobald: Huh.

Zac: I think Cumulous admires your sword.

(laughing)

Murph: Yeah.

Emily: He just wants to touch everyone's weapon.

Theobald: Would you like to look at my sword?

Zac: He picks it up and looks at it, cries a little bit.

Theobald: Yes. The Archmage-

Cumulous: There's magic in this, isn't there?

Theobald: Yes. Archmage Lazuli gave this to me.

Cumulous: It's a fine gift.

Theobald: Yeah, she was (sniffling) pretty rad, I guess. She kinda ruled.

Cumulous: She was my favorite.

Theobald: Yeah, she was my favorite, too. (sniffles)

Cumulous: She had some pretty revelatory ideas about magic.

Theobald: Yeah, she was just really smart, and kind of— [breathes]

Cumulous: So smart.

Theobald: In a way that- Just so smart that you can't help but, you know, you
feel like you have a crush on her or something, but then she's so smart that
it's just like, oh, you're like this other thing.

Cumulous: She's like in a different thing.

Theobald: She's like a different thing, but then also you respect the work so
much that you're like, I just wanna live-

Cumulous: And you wanna be professional, but it’s like-

Theobald: To make your dreams come true, your like, current dream, so like—

Cumulous: You’re an inspiration.

Theobald: Yeah.

Cumulous: You are multifaceted, you have a lot of fa— What were we talking
about?

Murph: I hug Cumulous. (laughing) And I burst into tears.

Brennan: You guys hold each other and just work through a lot in these
stinking underdecks of this blue cheese ship. Incredible.

Cumulous: Theo? Your name's Theo?

Theobald: Yes, yeah!

(laughing)

Emily: My cork-tipped rapier pokes you guys.

Cumulous: Ow.

Theobald: Ow, ow!

Zac: (laughing) I examine your sword.

Jet: Is there magic in it?

Cumulous: [emotional] Yes!

Zac: (laughing) Crying again.

Murph: Cumulous loves magic.

Brennan: You guys awaken the next morning. The Bulb shines brightly in the sky
on a pure glistening white milky ocean. Sailors have gathered on deck to have
a funeral at sea for their fallen comrade. You see that as they do, Annabelle
presides over, speaks a couple words in Lacra.

(somber, acoustic guitar funeral music)

Annabelle: She kept the faith. She kept the old ways. The ways of House
Cheddar. I release you into the breast of the ocean. Keep sharp, sailor.

Brennan: (whooshes) And away she goes.

Siobhan: I'd like to take the milk silk banner that Primsy made for us and I'd
like to tie it to my collar.

Brennan: You tie the milk silk to your collar and Annabelle turns and smiles
at you. As you all awaken, your first long rest in quite a while, Captain
Annabelle looks to you, the Duchess Coldbottle is still asleep below deck, she
was making some death saves there for a little while. But Captain Annabelle
comes up to you. You guys are fed a sailor's breakfast. At least this ship was
stocked for a full voyage. Annabelle looks and says,

Annabelle: Right, so the good news is we made it through the storm and we are
on our way, but our way is a little bit lost. We were blown quite out far to
sea, so we are somewhere right now in the far west of the Dairy Sea. Been
blown off course, to make it back to Lacramor we'll probably not get there
till the 18th day of Brightdusk.

Jet: I mean, I was pretty sure that maybe our path had changed anyways.

Annabelle: I think that that might be very likely.

Brennan: You guys hear some faint footsteps coming up from below decks and you
see Primsy Coldbottle comes up holding onto her stomach, which has been
bandaged. She walks up and says,

Primsy: Good morning. I would very much like to invite the Royal House of
Rocks, Sovereigns of Candia to a parlay in the captain's quarters if you'd be
so kind.

Ruby: It would be an honor.

Theobald: It’d be an honor.

Jet: Are bastards invited?

Primsy: Speaking on behalf of the House of Cheddar, sovereign seat of the
Dairy Islands, the Dairy Islands does not recognize the excommunication of
King Amethar of the House of Rocks.

Liam: Yes!

Ally: I go to high five her.

Primsy: What's that?

(laughing)

Liam: It's something my brothers would do, but it's the only thing I liked.
Put your hand up, too.

Primsy: Aye. [they high-five] You've struck me. Why have you done this? It was
wee and gentle, but you've struck me nonetheless.

Liam: Well, you do it to me, isn't it kinda fun? [they high-five again] [tiny
voice] Ah!

(laughing)

Primsy: Right.

Liam: I like your bandage.

Primsy: Right, it kept me from dyin'.

Liam: That's great.

Primsy: You were very brave in that fight. You didn't need to see in the dark
to fight?

Liam: Mm-mm, I—

Primsy: I saw you do a swan, you shot someone three times in the head and then
did a full swan dive off the side, just into the dark, in the ocean!

Liam: It's pretty crazy what really thick grief will do to you. I'm kind of
drowning in the middle of a big sea of grief and regret and my obsession with
revenge has given me new abilities.

[soft, somber string music]

Brennan: She comes over and takes your hand in both of her hands and holds it
and says,

Primsy: [seriously] There is a great deal to mourn for and you're not wrong to
feel grief. Let's get to the captain's quarters and discuss what must be
discussed.

Cumulous: Can distant cousins join?

Jet: Oh yeah, he's in the Christmas card circuit, I mean, the Frostening.

Primsy: High Frosting’s Eve?

Jet: High Frosting’s Eve. He's in the High Frostings Eve card circuit.

Ruby: Frosting is also a Dairy Islands tradition, right?

Primsy: Aye, ‘tis.

Ruby: It's a blending of Dairy and Candia.

Primsy: ‘Tis. Aye. ‘Tis a tradition there as well. So, what we would like is
to have you come down, we'll have some tea and we'll serve some more small
sandwiches and make it nice.

Ruby: Lovely!

Theobald: Alright.

Brennan: You guys all go down to the captain's quarters where you speak.
Annabelle and Primsy are both there.

Jet: Primsy, I just wanted to say I'm so sorry about Stilton.

Primsy: Right. Young love is hard, and… I dinnae expect for my wedding day to
end with my new husband boarding my sinking ship and stabbing me through the
stomach to inherit my throne that he had only become entitled to less than 12
hours before. But you live and you learn.

Ruby: You live and you learn.

Jet: You honestly are thriving in adversity.

Liam: Yeah, that's a lot of closure to get in four hours.

Ruby: I think you might be a war guy!

Primsy: Right, well, no, I'm a war gal.

Jet: Yes, you are, yes you are.

Primsy: Yes, I am, that's right.

Jet: Me too.

Primsy: (laughing) That's great.

Cumulous: I'm a war guy.

(laughing)

Murph: Cumulous is just a war guy, yeah.

Brennan: She looks and says,

Primsy: So-

Brennan drops a die off of the table and onto the floor.

Brennan: Oh!

Siobhan: Wow, you really Ally'd that dice.

Ally: [offended] Ay!

Lou: What?

Siobhan: Ay!

Brennan: What the fuck?

(cast laughing)

Siobhan: I've just been waiting. I've been waiting for somebody to throw the
dice up so I could say it. Just some light bullying.

Emily: Ally hasn't dropped a single die this season.

Ally: Yeah!

Siobhan: I know. Ally, you've done a really good job at not messing up.

Ally: Sure, maybe I practice at home.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: So, you see that Primsy looks up and says,

Primsy: The loyalty and bravery of the House of Rocks and of the Candian
people cannot be overlooked and clearly fidelity to the faith and devotion to
the Bulbian Church does not a good man make, or else my departed husband— (in
a high-pitched voice) Oh, I'm a widow!

Ruby: Well, no, it doesn't—

Jet: See, widow, bastard, these are all very fun things to become.

Ruby: Does it count as a widow if you never—

Jet: Or embrace.

Ruby: It's sort of like an annulment, but more permanent.

Primsy: Right, well, that's true, we never consummated. So, oh, I guess I'm
just back on the market.

Ruby: Hey, single and ready to mingle.

Primsy: Yeah, no baggage at all, that's nice. (Emily laughing) Right, well, I
will say this, it is clear that professed faith to the Bulb above does not a
good man make and the rumors of… Candia's practice of witchcraft have been
proven true and yet, it has not made them anything less than virtuous, which
to the enterprising mind would beg the question “if it is true that a witch
can be virtuous, then what does that make the Church's position on
witchcraft?” A strong question indeed. So, what I would like to ask is what
occurred following the events of the Grand Tournament? And how can we see
Candia made whole without the destruction of your lands and mine?

Long pause.

Amethar: Great question.

Jet: We might need another plate of sandwiches to get through this one.

Lou: May cut one more.

Primsy claps for another plate of sandwiches.

Brennan: Annabelle speaks up and says,

Annabelle: Right, well, look: let's start with what happened after the
tournament and what happened at the cathedral. Sir Morris wrote his letter
with very little amount of time left, so I didn't get much, but what happened?

Amethar: Quite simply, I was married to a commoner from the Dairy Islands and
they used that to… excommunicate me from the Church.

Jet: But this is after a Bulbian Church assassination attempt on my father's
life.

Amethar: Yeah, that's right.

Annabelle: Right. You were excommunicated for adultery alone? That seems like
a strange—

Theobald: Well, technically for breaking the oath of marriage.

Annabelle: Right. You entered into a false oath when you married Queen
Caramelinda.

Amethar: Yeah.

Theobald: So then, the king is now technically Liam's father and Candia's now
at war.

Ruby: Did mom know?

Amethar: What? That I was married before?

Ruby: Mhm.

Amethar: No. Nobody knew.

Jet: Well, Mom was married before.

Ruby: Yeah, but she died. It's different.

Jet: I don't know.

Brennan: You see, Annabelle looks up and says,

Annabelle: The Queen Caramelinda was wed before? To whom?

Amethar: My sister. She was promised to Lazuli and… When she passed, alliances
needed to be held. I was expected to marry her.

Annabelle: Right. And you never said anything to Caramelinda, nor to your
sisters?

Amethar: My sisters knew, but it was during the war and the thought was that
it would be handled when the war was over and also that it wouldn't be a
problem because I was so far down the line of succession, but when the war
came to an end and my sister laid dead on the ground, I was the only one left
to take the throne.

Annabelle: Did you not try to find Catherine Ghee?

Amethar: Attempts were made right after the war, but we never could.

Jet: She disappeared?

Brennan: Annabelle speaks up and crosses her arms and says,

Annabelle: Well, we already know that the Dairy Islands were hit perhaps
harder than any other kingdom during the Ravening War. It's not uncommon for
entire islands to have been slaughtered, nor was it uncommon for entire
islands to flee when marauders of Meat Landers and Ceresians would come. A
commoner, someone with the surname Ghee would probably have had the sense to
flee there, especially if there was reason for them to think they would have
been a target. Being married to royalty in the midst of a war can be a
dangerous occupation of sorts.

Amethar: That was the thought.

Annabelle: Well, there's a difference between Candian scouts looking through
the Dairy Islands and Dairy Islanders themselves. There are small spits of
Cheeseland out in the milk where only our ships know to find them, so if
Catherine Ghee is out there somewhere, we can set sail a ship to find her.

Amethar: Sorry, what?

Annabelle: The Dairy Islands will help you in this regard and if it were to be
a point in your standing with the Church to have that marriage be annulled, we
will help you find Catherine Ghee, if only to even ask questions.

Jet: I mean, do you really want to find- You've kinda got a thing going with
Jet and Ruby and-

Amethar: I mean-

Ruby: (singing) Jet and Ruby.

Jet: And mom.

Amethar: I would never. It would never be a question of-

Ruby: (singing) And Amethar!

Amethar: You're my daughters and I love you. I mean, this is a lot, but in
general it would be strategic to find Catherine Ghee for the annulment.

Annabelle: Right, well, at least the annulment would mean that you could enter
into a marriage with Caramelinda now and it would not erase the past 18, 20
years of your life, but some could be made whole and right in the eyes of the
Church.

Amethar: I mean, that’s worth a shot.

Brennan: She nods and says,

Annabelle: Right, well, we can send out scouts and ships as fast as we can
when we return to Lacramor.

Brennan: Primsy speaks up and says,

Primsy: How did the Pontifex know, if the only people that knew were you and
your sisters who all died 20 years ago?

Amethar: We needed a witness and Manta Ray Jack was my best friend at the
time.

Annabelle: Manta Ray. That's why he was gone. That's Morris' letter.

Amethar: Yeah.

Annabelle: How did they find out that—

Amethar: That I don't know.

Theobald: The priest who married you, perhaps?

Ruby: She was doing magic, so maybe she did magic to find it out.

Liam: Didn't you say you found a bunch of secrets in some crazy vault?

Jet: Yes, we found secrets, but we did not find any Candian secrets—

Ruby: Well, that we know.

Jet: At least that is what the senator-

Ruby: It could've been that Senator Ciabatta found the secrets-

Jet: And he told us that there wasn't.

Ruby: I should've picked his pocket.

Theobald: Yes, because-

Liam: Didn't you find scary stuff about milk silk?

Ruby: No, they were using the recipe for milk silk to make—

Jet: To make water daggers.

Ruby: Water daggers. It's the same recipe.

Theobald: At the time that we were ambushed, just before that it was suggested
by the Lady Plumbeline that Senator Ciabatta be made emperor, we have reason
to believe that he may have stolen some Candian secrets and this all may be
connected to Ceresia.

Jet: I'm sorry, Dad, we didn't even-

Ruby: We didn't know.

Amethar: Girls, these are my mistakes, not yours.

Brennan: You see that she-

Ruby: Our mistakes. Because they affect us.

Amethar: Okay, but I made them.

Jet: They're Theobald's mistakes!

Amethar: Okay, definitely not.

(laughing)

Theobald: Yeah, they are, my king. [kneels]

Amethar: No, Theobald, up, up.

Theobald: Your mistakes are my mistakes.

Cumulous: [very seriously, to Amethar] Do you want me to kill him?

Amethar: I physically- no! Cumulous!

Theobald: Cumulous, if you must.

Amethar: You really are a war guy. God damn.

Liam: Can I just say how weird it is to be about to marry a woman and she
passes, so you marry her younger brother. That's a crazy pivot, right?

Amethar: Yeah, it was.

Liam: How did that work?!

Amethar: It was really weird and strange, but the alliance, I mean, Candia was
fractured by the war and we needed to remain whole and a marriage needed to
happen.

Ruby: Oh, Jet, what does your book say about the Ramsian Doctrine?

Emily: Oh, if we have downtime I would love to play with my alchemical
supplies and read my book.

Brennan: You got 18 days of downtime while you guys find your course and get
back sailing east.

Murph: I have good Hstory, I'd love to help Jet go through her book.

Brennan: We'll end this scene, though, by Annabelle looks at you and says,

Annabelle: Wait a minute, so the Lady Plumbeline named Senator Ciabatta as the
successor, so why isn't Ciabatta on the Concordant Throne?

Ruby: Because she lied.

Annabelle: How did people find out?

Jet: Because of the Book of Lazuli.

Theobald: No, the Book of—

Jet: Citrone.

Theobald: Citrina.

Ruby: Citrina.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Annabelle: So wait, all right, so… If she was working with the Pontifex and
she said “Senator Ciabatta” and then touched the book and then said it wasn't
him, wouldn't she have known that this was the game the whole time? Maybe this
was a plot to prevent Senator Ciabatta from being the one person that we could
confirm was not to be successor?

Ruby: Ah, this is making my head hurt.

Annabelle: Aye, politics is bad.

Brennan: You see that-

Jet: This is why I resisted the necessity to rule.

Brennan: You see that Annabelle says,

Annabelle: If only we knew who the Emperor had actually named successor before
he died.

Liam: We do! Amethar.

Theobald: We were there.

Amethar: Yeah, it's me.

Annabelle: ...So you are the Concordant Emperor?

Theobald: Should be.

Amethar: I mean, in theory.

Annabelle: Did you not- When you had your hand on the book, did they ask you—

Amethar: No, they asked me about—

Liam: That's when they swapped in the question.

Amethar: I should have said it, I shouldn't just have answered-

Theobald: It was an ambush.

Amethar: The question. They got us.

(Brennan laughing)

Ruby: It was a real gotcha moment.

Amethar: It was a gotcha.

Theobald: I would say we were bamboozled.

Ruby: Mhh, yeah.

Amethar: One could say we were punked.

Brennan is wiggling his eyebrows at the camera.

Ruby: Yeah, we absolutely got punked.

Theobald: I would say hoodwinked.

Jet: I would say we got dunked on-

Liam: It was great. The Pontifex was wearing a trucker hat—

Amethar: And ran out with a boom boom behind her.

Liam: There's a camera, there's a camera.

Cumulous: It's almost as if the Bulbian Church is a mortal institution that
will do anything to keep its power.

Liam: Mm-hm.

Jet: Do you wanna play with my weapon?

Cumulous: [whispering rapturously] Yes.

(cast laughing)

Cumulous holds Jet’s sword out, staring at it in amazement.

Liam: I like your vibe!

Brennan: You see that Primsy looks at you and says,

Primsy: The title of Concordant Emperor is not an inherited title and it
cannot be stripped through excommunication. The Pontifex does not have the
authority to remove the Concordant Emperor from power.

Ruby: She has the authority by power, though. 'Cause she just did it.

Primsy: But... laws... and such.

Theobald: I agree.

Liam: She had the whole army against us.

Jet: I personally agree. I think that my personal issues with the Bulb aside,
it seems as though the workings of the Bulbian Church contradict a lot of the
more virtuous beliefs of the Bulb and the Church should be dismantled brick by
brick.

Ruby: Yeah, that broccoli lady sucks.

Cumulous: Yes.

Amethar: Yeah, she does—

Liam: That fucking carrot.

Amethar: I tried to kill her. I mean, we tried to kill her. We came close.

Ruby: Yeah, we got close.

Theobald: Everyone go easy, right?

Ruby: We all got a good hit in.

Cumulous: So, the plan is to kill everyone in the Church.

Theobald: No!

Ruby: Yes!

Liam: Yes!

Brennan: You see the two Dairy ladies start to kind of draw a little bit back.

Theobald: No, we're good!

Liam: I'm gonna slice that carrot's face off.

Theobald: We're gonna slice the carrot's face off, that’s true.

Ruby: Yeah, the carrot absolutely.

Amethar: The carrot's gonna get fucked up.

Ruby: Yeah, and the broccoli lady.

Theobald: The Pontifex did—

Jet: The Pontifex—

Ruby: I'm not giving her a title, she's not worthy of it.

Jet: Pontifex is Pontifucked.

(Brennan laughing)

Ruby: Nice, alright. In that context I like it.

Theobald: Yes.

Brennan: Annabelle says,

Annabelle: Right, well, we can comb the Dairy Islands for Catherine Ghee and
for this Father Belford. Sir Morris was able to rescue Manta Ray, so we should
at least be able to get some answers there, hopefully. And if we can get you-
if there's some way to get that relic, to get the Book of Saint Citrina, we
could at least confirm that you are the Emperor of the Concord and that any
act of war against Candia was done without the say so of the Emperor.

Theobald: Right.

Liam: We would have to maybe use the book obviously to prove that you, but
maybe with Plumbelina as well, right? She was the other person in the room.

Annabelle: Aye. And the Pontifex herself.

Ruby: Yes.

Annabelle: Head of the Church, though she might be, she is not above the law
of the Bulb.

Ruby: Yeah, make her pay.

Liam: I wanna make the Pontifex answer a question about the Bulb.

Jet: Oh, I would love to just get her hand on that book.

Liam: Do you use the Bulb for power?

Jet: And she has to say everything.

Cumulous: Yes.

Liam: Yeah.

Ruby: Oh, I should've taken that book. We didn't have time.

Theobald: I think considering everything that's at play here, I wonder if it's
possible that there are many nations working together to dismantle the empire.
The fact that they haven't named a new Emperor, or aren't trying to, makes me
think that people are-

Ruby: Well, we don't know if they've named a new Emperor 'cause we've been out
at sea.

Liam: It's been a day, yeah.

Amethar: But I think-

Theobald: True.

Amethar: Theobald is onto something, in that maybe they don't intend to name
the new Emperor and that the Pontifex will serve in some sort of supervisory
role indefinitely.

Ruby: Or maybe the Pontifex would be-

Liam: I mean, they were trying to get Curd, right? Curdeau?

Ruby: Curdeau.

Jet: They wanted—

Liam: They were trying to get him, maybe.

Jet: They were trying to get him to be—

Liam: They might not know that he's dead yet.

Jet: Oh, that is what we forgot to tell you!

Liam: (gasping) Oh!

Cumulous: That other ship-

Jet: Primsy, you were supposed to be the Emperor!

Liam: Disguise Self, Curdeau. We go back.

(Siobhan does an exaggerated fake French laugh)

Cumulous: There's already a boat with other sailors on-

Ruby: Oh, you're right.

Liam: Huh, yeah, you're right.

Ruby: Mh, dang!

Brennan: Primsy looks at you and says,

Primsy: Right, I knew the word that- I knew that the Emperor was likely to
choose Amethar as his successor and I told that to Stilton and- Rather, I- I
do not know what Stilton was up to, but I do know that he was ambitious and
that his vows he had taken in youth were in his way because it meant he could
not marry and that that was a priority for him, but I thought- I don't know,
sometimes it felt like he wanted to marry for love and other times it felt
like he wanted to be able to sit on the throne side by side. And I did not
fault him for it before I knew what type of man he truly was. Right, well, I
do not know what roles Stilton played in all of these plots of schemes, but I
do know this, that we will stand by our Candian allies. We owe you our lives
and though we are perhaps the smallest, or not as small as Candia maybe, but
the second smallest and much less magical, we will stand by Candia.

Ruby: Thank you.

Jet: Thank you.

Theobald: Thank you, Duchess.

Lou: I kneel.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: She performs a deep curtsy and says,

Primsy: Rise, Your Majesty.

Brennan: You guys sail. You guys have a bunch of downtime. What are you guys
going to do in your downtime?

Emily: I have two academic pursuits. (laughing) One of them is I would like to
continue to look for- in my banned books I've discovered the Prophidian
Prophecy, but I would now like to look for the Ramsian Doctrine.

Brennan: You have the information in that book, if you remember. Go ahead and
give me a history roll. Give me History, Arcana, and- Give me History, Arcana
and Religion. And I will say that because you got all the time in the world,
I'll let you assign the rolls that you roll to the skills that you want.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: Can I-

Brennan: You can help on each of them.

Murph: 'Cause I'd like to help, yeah.

Emily: Okay, yeah, 'cause I have plus 1 to each of them. Okay. Oh, I should've
done it-

Siobhan: Do-

Emily: 'Cause they're-

Siobhan: The ones that-

Emily: Advantage. Oh yeah, I'll do the lowest ones. Lowest ones, highest ones.
Okay. Okay, so I got 13 on each of them.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Amazing!

Brennan: What you find across those skills is—

Murph: Can I Help? I have a plus 5 to History. Can I take one of those with
mine?

Brennan: Yeah, just give me a History roll.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Just give me a History roll.

Murph: 20.

Brennan: Okay. So, the Prophidian Heresy is this old thing that we know. It's
a theodicy, it's a way of explaining the presence of evil in the world. And
there was a period of time where there was a very popular sect. These Veguit
priests would basically come along and say The Hungry One and the Bulb are
equally powerful because if they weren't it would mean that the Bulb was
allowing the presence of evil to exist in the world and that can't be.
However, the implication that the Bulb was less than all powerful did not
survive very long in the larger halls of the Church. And eventually that was
declared a heresy and the people that wouldn't renounce that doctrine were
executed and killed. In this book you find notice of a priest named
Bartholomew Brocclepatch that was an old archdeacon somewhere off in
Vegetania. And you find name— where, he was the one who first granted
ecclesiastical orders to a young Belizabeth Brassica. So, was her mentor. He
was killed for a belief in the Prophidian Heresy. He would not renounce that
belief, he tried to find a way to make it more palatable, or make it work
within the theology of the Church and it never quite happened. The Ramsian
Doctrine is something you find, it's not a theodicy, it's not about Church
philosophy as much as it is about Church cosmology. So, the first belief is
kinda this moral ethical belief, the second one is about what's going to
happen, some old school blood and fire, sort of Gospel of Revelations type
stuff. The Ramsian Doctrine is a belief concerning Eschatology. It's about how
the world ends. And—

(intense music)

Emily: This is awesome.

(laughing)

Brennan: What it says is that the final destruction of The Hungry One by the
Bulb and the final salvation of all souls cannot occur until The Hungry One
devours the world. And the Ramsian Doctrine is the belief that there are
certain souls that are delicious and healthy. It's old Bulbosi words that are
hard to understand. A lot of the language is so old that it's hard, one of
them means healthy-

Siobhan: I speak Bulbosi.

Brennan: You speak Bulbosi. So, you're translating it. The words are really
weird 'cause it means spiritually healthy, but the actual technical
translation is locally-sourced farm-to-table. (laughing) And fresh greens,
healthy. There's a lot of stuff like that in there that's sort of an
interesting thing. But basically, it says that the other type of souls, the
word, it's like a curse word in old Bulbosi, which for a celestial type
language it's weird to have a curse word in it. But there's a curse word in
it. The word for food and people in Bulbosi is interchangeable and there's a
word that basically means the worst type of trash, like refuse people. Or it
could be translated as refuse people or junk food.

Emily: Is the curse word junk food?

Brennan: The curse word is junk food. And basically what it says is the
presence of junk food in the world is what is preventing The Hungry One from
devouring the world because it wants a healthy meal. And as a result of that,
until those people that are junk are removed from the world, the final
salvation cannot happen.

Murph: Oh no.

Siobhan: That's bad.

Emily: I just really quickly scan to see if there's any prophecies about the
Bastard Jet.

Brennan: Just give me a little Arcana roll, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: 15.

Brennan: Give it a quick scan. You might wanna come back later 'cause there
could be a secret cipher, or it could be every third letter.

Emily: Okay. I get deep into that.

Brennan: Okay. You got time.

Theobald: I actually have a scroll for you, if you want to add some things to
it. Right now I have the Princess Jet of House Rocks, First of Her Name,
Duchess of Gumberly, Lady of the Realm. Would you like me to add Bastard of
the Realm?

Jet: Yes, I would like you to cross everything else out.

Theobald: Everything else?

Jet: And just say—

Liam: Lady Jet, Bastard of the Realm.

Jet: Bastard Jet. Lady Jet, Bastard of the Realm.

Theobald: At your command, Your Bastard Highness.

Ruby: Can you add Bastard of the Realm, Master Acrobatess to mine?

(Emily laughing)

Liam: You know, you gotta update your scrolls every once in a while.

Zac: I think Cumulous wants to grab the Candians to, not physically grab them,
just to have—

Amethar: Get off me!

Cumulous: Ha-cha!

Zac: To have a chat with them.

Siobhan: Great, because-

Cumulous: Come in here, please.

(laughing)

Liam: This is a really small closet.

Cumulous: Yes.

Ruby: It's really tiny.

Theobald: There's so many of us.

Ruby: There's a lot of dried fish in here.

Jet: There's a conference room-

Theobald: I'm really big.

Jet: That we can really easily use.

Ruby: There's a beautiful conference room on this ship.

Cumulous: Squeeze in.

Theobald: All right, we'll squeeze in.

Zac: Cumulous just like, sucks into the corner of the room.

Amethar: I'm just gonna stand in the doorway. It doesn't feel like there's
room for me in this small closet.

Cumulous: Squeeze in.

Amethar: No. Okay. (groans and elbows Cumulous)

Cumulous: It appears to me that you all don't fully understand what is
happening in this world. And what is actually important.

Ruby: Okay.

Jet: Okay.

Liam: Killing the carrot.

Jet: Some big words.

Cumulous: Killing the carrot is-

Liam: Number one.

Cumulous: Important. I think that would be not unimportant.

Liam: Great.

Cumulous: But from what I understand from what the Archmage has told me and
what I've learned from her and our order has learned, is that the magic of
Candia and the people, it's not innate, we are not normally magical. It is
something that has been tended to by our organization, the Spinning Star, for
many years in secret. The stones that people worship, the Sugar-Plum Fairy,
all of those things that people draw magic from are curated by us. And so,
that's where the magic of Candia comes from.

Amethar: You gotta slow down. Did you just say that the Sugar-Plum Fairy, the
like, I don't know, kinda spirit of our world, you curated her?

Cumulous: That is a source of magic that is present on our land. There are
others, but that is one of them that's maybe the most powerful. But that…
That's just something going on specifically in Candia. Other lands have magic
that they just have not tended to and that's why it has been lost.

Jet: Does the Church see magic as being one of the causes of turning food into
junk food? Am I allowed to say junk food?

Cumulous gasps in shock.

Murph: I gasp.

Liam: Watch your mouth.

Ruby: That was really cool.

Cumulous: The Church knows- The Bulb is real, the Bulb is a real source of
power and same with The Hungry One, they are two sides to the same coin, but
the Church knows that their power comes from other people not having magic.
And so, they have moved to destroy it wherever they can find it.

Ruby: (gasps) Selfish.

Cumulous: We were created as a reaction to the Bulbosi Church.

Murph: I think Theo's having flashbacks of Lazuli saying similar things to
him.

Theobald: Can you still speak to Lazuli Rocks? Does she still exist in some
way?

Ruby: I've seen her.

Brennan: [to Murph and Zac] That's news to both of you, that Ruby just said
that.

Theobald: You've seen her outside of your one vision when you were-

Ruby: Yeah, I see her all the time.

Cumulous: You see her all the time?

Amethar: All the time?

Ruby: In reflections in mirrors when I do magic, when I am thinking about my
past all the time, I keep on seeing her. She doesn't talk to me, not really.
It's only flashes, but—

Zac: I think Cumulous just kinda holds his necklace.

Lou: Yeah, I think this is a hard moment.

Emily: Did you tell me this, or no?

Siobhan: Probably in our little twin moments.

Emily: Yeah, okay. I have no reaction.

Siobhan: 'Cause I saw Rococoa as well.

Emily: Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, you told me that, right.

Cumulous: Well, that's amazing. What I know is that we have to protect the
magic in this world and for it to survive, Candia must survive. And so, we
have to protect Candia.

Liam: But how do we fight such a selfish, power-hungry giant group of
religious zealots?

Ruby: Who have everybody in Calorum under their thumb?

Amethar: We fight them the same way you fight anything else. I don't know,
with swords, shields, strength, allies, friends, with hard work, late nights.

Theobald: I like the latter part of this, yeah.

(Amethar laughs)

Theobald: I do think that considering all that we've learned today, it's
possible that the Pontifex is, based on Jet's research- It's possible that the
Pontifex is directly working for The Hungry One. And if that-

Cumulous: The Hungry One- I draw my strength from The Hungry One.

Amethar: (laughing) I'm sorry.

Theobald: So then, this is-

Liam: Whoa.

Cumulous: All of it is just- They're sources of power. It doesn’t mean... I do
not worship The Hungry One, I am just able to tap into its power and I have a
feeling that she does not worship the Bulb, but she is able to tap into its
powers.

Theobald: Right.

Brennan: You look at that eschatology. Jet, you understand that what that
eschatology is, it is a warped vision. The Ramsian Doctrine is rooting for the
Bulb to win and it says that the Bulb can't win until the world is destroyed
and the world can't be destroyed until The Hungry One eats it and The Hungry
One won't eat something that's unhealthy. So, literally-

Jet: So, we need to fill this world with junk food.

Brennan: A little bit of Candian magic and sweet sugary, high-fat treats
swirls around you in a little burst of magic.

Theobald: I think… I think that's it.

Liam: Well, let's think. How would we-

Ruby: But do we want the world to end?

Jet: No!

Amethar: No, we're preventing the world from ending.

Jet: That's why we're preventing the world from ending!

Liam: If we sprinkle a little Candian everywhere, like zucchini bread and then
a donut, some sort of sweet-

Jet: Bacon on chocolate is delicious.

Liam: Yes, bacon on chocolate. Ice cream.

Theobald: I think also, the reason the Bulb has so much power is because
people think that the Pontifex has ultimate moral authority and once we can
prove that wrong-

Liam: Yeah, I agree with that a little bit more, 'cause if we're going off of
this Ramsian Doctrine, trying to prove it, we shouldn't play that game, it's
just so unbelievably fake. I feel like you have to ask, who benefits from
this? Who wrote it?

Jet: Yeah.

Liam: Of course a healthy country wrote a doctrine that said there shouldn't
be anything unhealthy in the world, we need to get rid of it. It's just
completely bullshit.

Ruby: There's strength in sweetness.

Liam: Yes.

Brennan: You guys sail the rest of the way to Lacramor. Many enemies conspire
against you on the mainland, but some clarity has come to you. The shadowy
forces at the edges of your lives gain some definition as you understand more
about how and why these machinations have come to pass. As you sail east
through the Dairy Sea, Captain Annabelle Cheddar arrives at a certain point in
the Islands and says,

Annabelle: Right, I'll leave it in your careful hands. We can sail to
Lacramor, or we can bring you straight to the Cola River and to the port
there.

Liam: Cola River.

Jet: To the Cola River.

Amethar: We'll go to the Cola River and-

Ruby: Drink some milk Coke.

Jet: Oh, like cream Coke?

Amethar: You send out some allies to find Catherine Ghee, and upon receiving
anything, you let us know.

Brennan: You guys sail southeast. You arrive at the mouth of the Cola River
where the Coca-Cola mixes with the milk [laughing] into big chunky curds.

Ally: It's like a root beer float!

Murph: It's like a root beer float, yeah.

Brennan: Oh, yes, it's a big-

Murph: It's a Coke float.

Lou: Coke float, that's not a disgusting thing, it's delicious.

Cumulous: Quickly, drink it fast!

(cast laughing)

Siobhan: It's so fizzy.

Liam: Whoa, are you okay?

Cumulous slurps the river.

Siobhan: Out at the edge.

Ally: Like when you see a friend eat for the first time and realize they eat
like a maniac. You're just like.

Emily: Oh, shit, is that me?

Siobhan: Yeah, we're all talking about you behind your back.

Ally: I mean, you did snog brie down.

Zac: Snog brie?

Lou: You snogged it, dude, straight up. You didn't eat it.

Emily pretends to shovel food into her mouth.

Siobhan: Fuckin' made out with that brie and then put it back.

Brennan: You guys see, well, thankfully, if you were worried about Imperial
soldiers or enemies somewhere like that, you guys arrive at Port Syrup, at the
mouth of-

Emily: Port Syrup?!

Brennan: You arrive at Port Syrup at the mouth of the Cola River. This ship of
House Bleu sails in. You see that their… As you sail in, hold on a second.
(rolls dice) You see the mast of not one, not two, but three Imperial warships
sunk into the harbor. And you see the flags of House Jawbreaker and House
Rocks flying over Port Syrup with huge ballista and giant crossbows on the
towers here. It looks like Port Syrup has armed up pretty fast. And as you
guys sail into port, you see that Annabelle runs down and gets a little banner
underneath House Cheddar, and a small banner of the House of Rocks flies up
underneath the flag on the La Fondue.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Is my dad there?

Brennan: You're not certain, you don't know. You come into port. As you come
in and begin to harbor the port, you see two figures running down the harbor
as fast as they can, one fully armored and the other running on a little peg
leg. Sir Morris Brie and Manta Ray Jack come sprinting. Sir Morris says,

Morris: Captain, Captain Cheddar!

Brennan: And you see that Manta Ray says,

Manta Ray: And there he is, the rascal! (yells)

Lou: I grab him.

Amethar: I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry.

Manta Ray: I'm so sorry.

Amethar: No, I'm so sorry.

Manta Ray: I am so sorry.

Amethar: I never should've put you in that position. I saw you and I should've
done something about it.

Manta Ray: I'll say this to you. Look, I would've made it out of there, but
something happened at the last minute. I was about to break free and then a
chain magically wrapped around me seven or eight or nine times!

Siobhan laughs and then makes a nervous expression.

Amethar: Yeah, that was a thing. (laughing) The fucking Church is out of
control, I'll tell you.

Manta Ray: (laughs) They are. I'll tell you this, they put the screws in me
for five different hours, they did! And they were a-stabbin' and a-burnin' and
they pulled my teeth out and they kicked me and they kicked and they kicked
and I said nothin'! [quieter] And then they remembered that they had that book
that makes you tell the truth. I'll tell ya, that book is a real—

Amethar: Messes you up.

Manta Ray: You're right, yes. I hate to put my hand on it and tell the truth.

Amethar: Well, clearly you put the screws in them.

(Manta Ray laughs)

Lou: I point at all the ships that—

Brennan: He says,

Manta Ray: Oh, that we have, that we have. Aye, we've been helping your
Candian sailors here with their navalcraft and such. What I will tell you is
this, things are bad out there, but Morris and I managed to skip out through
the Imperial lines and get word to Candia to put the border up. We managed to
escape. Not everybody made it. The Lord and Lady Swirlie were found.

Jet: Did they put up a fight at least?

Manta Ray: Not at all, they went right down. They went right down.

Amethar: That makes, honestly-

Jet: I actually-

Amethar: That tracks.

Jet: That's kinda why I asked.

Cumulous: I don't know them, but I'm imagining a very weak man and a very
weak—

Amethar: They had funny voices. I brought 'em along 'cause they were fun to be
around.

Theobald: What about Cal?

Manta Ray: How you think we made it past the lines? He's a good man, that. And
for the moment, Imperial troops have come from Ceresia, they're in the Great
Stone Candy Mountains, your father's- Castle Many Licks is surrounded. But
right now, at least the South is safe, the Cola River's being patrolled and
Muffinfield is mustered, they've mustered, as well as the West Cake. Sir
Amanda Maillard has returned back and led the troops south and right now
Castle Candy is holding onto Cal and...

Amethar: The Lady?

Manta Ray: The Queen.

Liam: So, my dad might be in trouble.

Manta Ray: Aye.

Amethar: He's very in trouble.

Theobald: He's in a lot of trouble.

Amethar: We're gonna do something about it.

Manta Ray: He's all right. I mean, no one in the history of Calorum has ever
taken Castle Many Licks, but he could probably hold out for another few months
or so, but time will tell.

Ruby: Better to get him out sooner than later.

Liam: Yes.

Brennan: You see Sir Morris Brie is there and says,

Morris: Right, young lady.

Ruby: Me?

Morris: Aye. So, you were the voice in my head.

Ruby: [looks around first] Yes.

Brennan: He nods and says,

Morris: Well, I am a knight of the Bulbian Church, but like every good Dairy
Islander, I grew up heeding the words of the fair folk out there on the Milky
Sea. I know when one's touched with the gift, and I thank you.

Ruby: Thank you.

Brennan: So, this is a cheerful reunion. Morris comes over to you and says,

Morris: No Concordant Emperor has been named. In the interim, the Pontifex is
saying that until Candia is brought back into the fold one way or another that
there cannot be a Cornucopian Council, not with the original wording of the
Concord. So, until the matter is settled, she will be stewarding the Concord.

Liam: Of course.

Theobald: Shocking.

Jet: Yeah.

Cumulous: No one saw that coming.

Liam: You're a part of the Bulbian Church, Morris?

Morris: Aye. I was knighted in the Bulbian Church.

Liam: Do you like it?

Morris: It's not really about—

Liam: Bullshit, right?

Brennan: Smack. [mimes slapping him]

(cast laughing)

Amethar: We're not gonna be running around questioning people's beliefs.

Liam: We have to! We have to dispel the Bulbian's hold on people.

Jet: I think the better way, though-

Liam: Starting right now!

Jet: I think the better way, though-

Emily: Can I say this privately so that-

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Say it in twin speak.

Jet: I think the better way-

Emily: Oh yeah, in twin speak-

Siobhan: Liam speaks twin speak now.

Ally: I speak twin speak now.

Emily: In twin speak I say,

Jet: I think the better way is just to slowly seduce the innate magic in other
communities so that we are-

Ruby: Yeah, you should seduce him.

Liam: Alright.

(Jet laughing)

Liam: Hey, Morris.

Morris: Aye?

Liam: You look like you could really pack it in.

Amethar: What?

Theobald: Liam, what are you doing?

Morris: On my honor as a Knight of House Cheddar and of the Dairy Islands, I
hereby challenge you to a duel.

Liam: What?

Morris: You have insulted my honor.

Liam: No, I just mean you could-

Morris: You have insulted my honor.

Liam: You just look like you're capable-

Morris: What is meant by pack it in? Where?

Liam: No, I just-

Morris: And what? What is being packed into where?

Liam: No, you just look. I meant like, you know, when you go camping you have
to pack in, you have to load out.

Amethar: He's a seed guy. He's a big time seed guy.

Theobald: He’s a seed guy. Pack it into the ground, dirt.

Morris: Don't try and trick me, I know a war guy when I see one.

Amethar: No, he's a seed guy.

Liam: I haven't touched a seed in a long time, I am now a war guy. I'm sorry,
I was looking, you just look like you have a big capacity to… Do you wanna get
a drink some time?

Brennan: Smack.

(laughing)

Morris: All right, after this war is settled, you and I will find a misty
field in the morning and we will settle this honor out ourselves.

Liam: That's hot, okay.

Morris: No, that's not how I meant it.

Liam: That's so hot, right?

Jet: Yes!

Morris: We will find a misty field-

Siobhan: In twin speak I say,

Ruby: You’re doing a really good job.

Jet: Yeah!

Amethar: Do not encourage this. Either my friend or my cousin is gonna get
killed, alright?

Theobald: Everyone needs to stop making more sworn enemies. We have enough.

(laughing)

Brennan: Can I just say, the Dairy Islands are, in canon, your closest allies.
You have beefed it with nobody. Every single Dairy Islander has been deeply
insulted multiple times by all of you at every passing moment.

Ally: [to Murph] You have 0 charisma and I have -2, so.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, I—

Emily: That was legendary one was when—

Siobhan: All of our Charisma is so low.

Emily: What was it? Theobald's threatening via Message.

Ally: Oh my god, that was insane. “Don't scream, no matter what you see!”

Siobhan: Yeah, I have the highest Charisma here.

Zac: Cumulous- I think Cumulous walks away, like,

Cumulous: I do not understand this world they have left behind.

Siobhan: Which is not saying very much.

Lou: Can I follow Cumulous?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Amethar: Hey, buddy, buddy, sorry. It's been a crazy three, or two weeks plus
for us and it's just nice to be around friends again.

Cumulous: It is nice to be around you as well. I love the Spinning Star and
the work we have done, but I have not seen people I've… been related to in so
long.

Amethar: Yeah, well, you're back amongst family. Did you have intentions for
us when we got back to Candia? Or are you just coming along?

Cumulous: Part of my charge is to protect the magical secrets of Candia. And
although that is not necessarily, I have to be honest, it's not necessarily
you, a lot of it is what you carry. Can I see your sword?

(cast laughing)

Amethar: Yeah, actually, use my sword, this is Payment Day. The sword of the
royal family. Are you crying?

Cumulous hefts the sword and takes a quick breath.

Cumulous: It is a good sword.

(cast laughing)

(sword scraping as Amethar sheathes it)

Brennan: So, you guys are in Port Syrup. How do you travel here? Do you travel
openly here? They're flying the flag of House Rocks here, it seems like Candia
has been warned, because Manta Ray Jack and Morris got here, and it seems like
it is safe to be open, but you guys have been on the run so I don't wanna tell
you guys how you do business.

Emily: I retrained my rogue level to be a fighter, so I don't hide anymore.

Lou: Yeah, I'm done skulking.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: I'm fucking skulking the shit out of this place.

Brennan: Yeah, a royal welcome is put up. People cheer as they see the King,
the Candians here applaud. I mean, there might be some people that are
skulking around saying shit, but for the most part it seems like the people of
Candia have more love for their King and Princesses than they do for anything
else. But you do see that the Church bells that would normally ring at the
approach of the King are silent. So, it might not be as safe as you would've
imagined. You arrive at a garrison hall, one of the sea towers looking over
the harbor, where it's easy for the royal family to come in and set up shop
there. Your Dairy Islander allies are there, Primsy, Annabelle, Morris, and
Manta Ray, and then you guys are there. There's also some Candians there, some
Tartguard, things of that nature. A report is given to you by the custodians
of the city that there is a tremendous amount of violence in the mountains.
The paths are shut. Not only are there Imperial soldiers there fighting the
forces of House Jawbreaker, there are also just loose marauders there and
weird reports of, like— someone talks about there was a mountain pass where 40
Imperial soldiers were killed and their blood was scrawled on the frosted side
of this mountain that just said, "Long live the Queen" on it. You see that
there is also a notice of a call for muster has been put out for all of the
various banner lords and vassals to report to Castle Candy because right now a
very small amount of forces are holding the southern river, and a huge army is
moving north from Comida to cross the Cola River and attack Castle Candy.

Siobhan: I think that we should go to Castle Candy, if the place in the
mountains is safe, they seem to be doing fine. The only way that we could help
is to bring an army there. The place where we could get an army is Castle
Candy.

Murph: Well-

Lou: No.

Zac: I think that's backwards.

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: The mustering Castle Candy is small. We would be good to reinforce it.
The larger force is in the Stone Candy Mountains, but getting there would be
much more difficult.

Murph: Perhaps if we can help Duke Jawbreaker, he'll help us.

Lou: How long do we have until that force makes it from Comida? Does the
report have any suggestion of how long until that force makes it up the river?

Jet: Why did your dad rebel against the Concord? Did it have to do with magic?

Liam: It's because your dad wouldn't join and help the Dairy Islands when they
needed help. We had a weak king and he didn't want to be a part of Candia
anymore.

Amethar: Your grandfather sucked, and your dad ruled and did the right thing.

Theobald: Well, your grandfather didn't suck—

Amethar: He sucked.

Theo: He didn’t suck—

Liam: My grandpa sucked.

Jet: Whatever my dad says is right.

Zac: Is his grandfather my grandfather?

Brennan: You're a cousin of his. He's talking about his father who would've
been your uncle.

Cumulous: Your grandfather sucked.

(Brennan laughs)

Siobhan: Is there a way that I can, in some way, try to commune with Lazuli?
Take a moment to meditate, or—

Zac: Can I-

Siobhan: Look in a mirror, or something? (laughs)

Emily: You are so vain!

Brennan: Mmhm.

Zac: I don't really know what this necklace is that I have.

Brennan: It's just a symbol of your station, it's not a magical item or
anything like that.

Zac: Gotcha.

Brennan: You can try to commune with a mirror. Yeah, go for it.

Ally: So, we have to just. Oh, sorry.

Brennan: Go give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Great. (rolls dice) 18.

Brennan: A message comes back to you and it's not verbal. You just look into
the mirror. You see… the river going to Castle Candy and the road going into
the Great Stone Candy Mountains. The road going into the Great Stone Candy
Mountains, you see up that road is… A tremendous amount of battle, but what
you see is the troops that would- So you're seeing visions of the future
unfold that your aunt is sending you, basically. To bring any meaningful
troops to Castle Many Licks, you would have to completely empty Port Syrup of
all its troops, and this is the main port that supplies- If this were to fall,
the Imperial Navy could sail right up the length of Candia. So, you guys could
go to the Great Stone Candy Mountains and maybe you'd survive long enough to
join the besieged in Castle Many Licks with no troops. And as powerful as you
all are as warriors, situations like sieges don't get decided by individuals
no matter how powerful. They get decided by armies, supplies, logistics. You
see Castle Candy, even though there is this treat coming from the south, it
looks like they're coming from the south, but it also looks like you see
possible confusion in the ranks of the army coming up from the south. You see
disagreement politically between Ceresian and Fructeran soldiers and who's in
charge about that army coming from the south, which could mean that there's a
potential for the army mustering at Castle Candy to have the time to go north
before going south, especially traveling on Candia's roads, which they know so
well.

Siobhan: Great. I relay this to everybody else.

Amethar: Laz is just talking to you?

Ruby: Well, it wasn't so much talking as it was moving pictures.

Theobald: She's sending you her visions.

Ruby: Yes.

Amethar: That's amazing.

Liam: Let's do it.

Cumulous: Do we have any allies to the north?

Ruby: Perhaps we can get some people from the Dairy Islands to protect the
harbor.

Brennan: You see that Annabelle says,

Annabelle: Right, we'll return to Lacramor, muster the Dairy Islands. The
Dairy Seas shall not be safe for any ships coming for Candia.

Ruby: Thank you.

Theobald: Thank you.

Jet: Thank you.

Cumulous: I do not think that will be enough.

Brennan: You see that Sir Morris look and says,

Morris: We have some Dairy Islander ships here ready to sail. We don't have to
travel by road. We can get you to Castle Candy up the Cola River and be there
in a day and a half.

Theobald: Alright.

Amethar: Alright.

Jet: Okay.

Cumulous: That sounds like a good plan.

Ruby: Great.

Jet: Yeah.

Brennan: They nod. Morris embraces you, Manta Ray looks at you and says,

Manta Ray: Well, it seems that before long, Your Majesty, I'll be seeing you
take a shit again.

Amethar: And I'll be watching you piss.

(Amethar and Manta Ray laugh)

Siobhan: Can we say that the ships going down the Cola River are hovercrafts
because they're milk on top of Cola, so it's just an air bubble underneath.

(laughing)

Brennan: [mimics a buzzing hovercraft] Incredible. Annabelle and the Duchess
Coldbottle bid you all a fond farewell as they sail back to Lacramor, your
allies in the wars to come. You see that Manta Ray- Well actually, it's your
guys' choice. Would you wanna leave Morris in Port Syrup, or Manta Ray in Port
Syrup and have one or the other sail you guys up the Cola River.

Emily: Morris in Port Syrup or Manta Ray?

Lou: I feel like Morris in Port Syrup and sail with Manta Ray.

Emily: Yeah, Manta Ray is-

Lou: Manta Ray's a crazy guy!

Siobhan: I'm worried that you guys are gonna get fucked up with each other and
then-

Lou: Oh no, I'm done drinking. Being excommunicated in front of most of the
known world will kinda sober you up.

Ally: I'm fine with that 'cause me flirting with Morris wasn't really going
very well, I'm kind of embarrassed.

Lou: That's right.

Murph: Morris does want to kill you.

Lou: Yeah, let's leave Sir Morris.

Liam: I need to sharpen my skills a little bit more.

Cumulous: Liam.

Liam: Yeah.

Cumulous: Flirt with me.

Liam: What?

Cumulous: [deathly serious] Liam, flirt with me.

Liam: I think you're probably ready to take it.

Brennan whips his head around to stare in shock. The entire table is silent
for a moment.

Cumulous: Pretty good.

(laughing)

Amethar: Okay, that's one war guy to-

Liam: I like camping! When you go camping you take yourself out and you take,
the elements hit you.

Theobald: We all know what you were talking about.

Amethar: We all know what you were talking about, especially when you said you
could pack it in, that was wild.

Liam: You're ready to get slammed down, big style!

Brennan is still speechless.

Ruby: What message board have you been reading?

Amethar: Is this what your brothers used to say?

Liam: [distressed] No, this is what all my parents used to say and they each
loved it.

Theobald: Right.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see Manta Ray says,

Manta Ray: All right. Well, no one on the Baby Bell is going to be getting
slammed down big style on my watch, all right? Let's have that be very clear.

Liam: Okay!

Brennan: You guys board the Baby Bell. Manta Ray sails for House Cheddar most
of the time and maybe when he hasn't sailed for House Cheddar he's sailed
under a different flag, maybe with some crossbones on it, but he's a good man.

Siobhan: A privateer!

Brennan: A privateer! A regular Sir Francis Drake. And you guys sail up Cola
River past the West Cake, headed towards Castle Candy. You guys arrive in
Castle Candy at 4:00 in the morning. You guys sail up. So much has changed,
you've changed, not even a rogue anymore. Peppermint Batman.

Zac: Different guy.

Brennan: Full different guy.

Lou: New guy.

(gentle piano music)

Brennan: And you guys sail up the Cola River to where we began, Castle Candy.
The moon shines silvery through the late summer purple, pink, lavender and
fuchsia haze of candy mists around. Even the tavern is dead silent at 4:00 in
the morning. And you see there are some lights up in the castle, but the town
of Dulcington is sleepy and quiet. And you see that Manta Ray sails this
cheese ship in and ties it up at the dock and says,

Manta Ray: Right, well, we'll be harbored here, there won't be any inns or
taverns open, so we'll just sleep aboard the ship, but, uh. [salutes]

Amethar: I’ll see you soon!

Manta Ray: Welcome home, Your Majesty.

Ruby: His tattoos are really cool!

Jet: Yeah, they really are.

Manta Ray: Would you like one? Little manta rays-

Theobald: They're all right.

Jet: I'll take one.

Ruby: Yeah, I'll take one, too.

Amethar: And me.

Brennan: He says,

Manta Ray: You want your House Rocks words or you want a little “keep sharp”
on there?

Jet: Give me a little keep sharp, lower back.

Ruby: Oh, can I have one of each?

Brennan: He nods and says,

Manta Ray: Allies forevermore.

Jet: Also, will you fill in “Bastard Jet”, because I kinda just did that
myself.

Manta Ray: A little stick and poke, right, okay, we'll get that.

Theobald: So many stick and poke tattoos.

Liam: What are you, a bartender?

Amethar: Damn, Liam!

Jet: Maybe it is—

Ruby: Damn.

Amethar: Liam's at it with these lines today.

Ruby: Sassy today, Liam.

Liam: That was me flirting!

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Cool. You guys stride up. Obviously there is a weird, somber attitude
because the last time you were here was your birthday party and now Candia is
at war and you're coming home like sneak thieves in the middle of the night.
But you guys walk back up through Dulcington across the bridge and up to
Castle Candy. What do you guys do as you approach Castle Candy?

Murph: Are there guards and stuff out?

Brennan: Yeah, you see there's some night watch. You see they shout,

Limon: Hello, who goes there?

Murph: I pull out my scroll.

Amethar: Don't, there's no need for all—

Theobald: King Amethar of the House Rocks, First of His Name, Sovereign Ruler
of Candia and the Sugarlands, Duke of Cookieshire, Protector of the Realm and
Defender of the Faith, Bannerman of the Battle of Gumdrop Pass and Hero of
Frosting Valley, the Unfallen, the True Emperor.

Jet: [whispering] Now do mine.

[Theo takes a deep breath]

Amethar: Really, are we doing this? It's 4:00 a.m.

Theobald: Princess Jet of the House Rocks, First of Her Name, Duchess of
Gumberly, Lady of the Realm, Bastard of the Realm. Princess Ruby of House
Rocks, First of Her Name, Duchess of Piehole, Lady of the Realm, Bastard of
the Realm, Master Acrobat.

Liam: It's just the lemon cough drop! No offense.

Limon: Oh no, none taken. If you wanna hurt me, I'm alright with it.

Amethar: Oh, Limon!

Limon: What?

Ruby: It's us, Limon.

Limon: Oh, you're alive! Our saints preserve you! I'm coming down right now!

Brennan: And you see he hops over the wall and falls.

(laughing)

(Limon yells)

Emily: Ah, there's just little shards of cough drop everywhere.

Theobald: How did you-

Cumulous: Should I kill him?

Theobald: How did you survive? No, don't.

Amethar: He does this a lot.

Limon: What's that?

Theobald: How did you survive?

Limon: Oh, it was awful. Well, I knew that if they knew I was Candy that they
would kill me on sight, so I covered myself in fruit pig shit and I crawled on
hands and knees all the way up the Glucian Road, being kicked all the way.

Ruby: By who? Who was kicking you?

Limon: Passerby.

Jet: So, you abandoned the castle?

Theobald: Limon, if you were covered with shit, you're still a crawling piece
of shit. There's no difference between crawling and running at that point.

Limon: What?

Theobald: You either didn't need to cover yourself in shit, or you didn't need
to crawl. I don't know which one it is, but you didn't need to do one of
those!

Limon: Oh, I've beefed it again, I'm sorry m’lord. If only you had been there
to straighten my way.

Ruby: That's actually pretty offensive to Beef people, but—

Limon: What's that?

Ruby: It's just a little bit offensive to Beef—

Limon: To hell with Beef people, that's what I say.

Ruby: Alright.

Liam: Oh!

Amethar: No, that's not bad.

(cast laughing)

Zac: Cumulous puts his staff on Limon.

Cumulous: Limon, squire, I sentence you to death.

Liam: No, no, no!

Ruby: No, no, no, no, no!

Amethar: No, no.

Limon: No, let him do it!

Amethar: No, this is his normal state of being, so it's not like he's worse
off. If anything, when he was up there, I'm sure you've probably been better
these past couple of days than you've been in a while.

Limon: Oh, I've been great, my lord. Obviously I'm certain to die when the war
starts. I'm sure a stray arrow will pierce my head and leave me as dead as can
be. And good riddance, I say. The world doesn't need a cough drop, my lord.

Theobald: Limon, can you lead us into the castle?

Amethar: Oh my gosh.

Jet: When we fight, just save him for last or something, okay? Just don't let
him take your attention.

Limon: It would be an honor to die at your hand.

Cumulous: [little breath] Later.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see- The gate suddenly lowers and there in a nightgown holding a
lantern is Queen Caramelinda, who rushes forward and sweeps you up into a
giant embrace and is just openly weeping.

Ruby: Oh, we're not in trouble?

Jet: We're not in trouble?

Ruby: [about to cry] I really thought we were gonna be in trouble.

Caramelinda: [shakily] My sweethearts, my darlings. You're okay. I'm so happy
you're alive and you did nothing wrong.

Jet: We actually did a lot of things right.

Ruby: Yeah, we did.

Theobald: They got tattoos.

Ruby: Shh.

Murph: Theo would—

Jet: Why would you lead with that?

Theobald: I'm sorry!

Jet: And I saved your freaking princess.

Theobald: I heard so much but then I saw the-

Caramelinda: Theo-

Theobald: And I just wanted to tell on you.

Caramelinda: Theo?

Theobald: Yes?

Jet: I saved a princess, I saved my dad.

Caramelinda: Get the princesses and get Prince Liam inside as fast as you can,
all right?

Theobald: Yes, my lady.

Liam: Um. I'm a war guy now.

Brennan: She puts a hand on your cheek,

Caramelinda: I'm very glad.

Brennan: You guys see that Calroy runs out and you see he's pulling on perhaps
even finer war pants.

Ally: Whoa!

Lou: Wow.

Siobhan: He is ready.

Amethar: Got some pants. Now, those are some pants.

Brennan: He says,

Calroy: Well, I've had to upgrade in the absence of Candia's greatest fighter.
(sobbing)

Amethar: Oh my god, Cal, no.

Brennan: And then he hugs you and he's like,

Calroy: You think you're gonna get away with not having me watch you shit one
last time?

Amethar: No, stop, stop.

Theobald: You know, just to let everyone know, when I shit no one saw it, you
just go a little bit further away from everyone else.

Jet: You're very— you’re weirdly private about it.

Ally: I'm two feet away trying to take a shit.

Theobald: No!

Ally: My ass is out and everybody.

Amethar: Liam, stop.

Ruby: If you shit in front of—

Liam: I'm a war guy now!

Theobald: Everyone likes me, are you kidding?

Jet: I think you need to open up-

Brennan: You see, Cruller immediately looks over and says,

Calroy: Hello, friend. Who's the hollow-eyed companion?

Liam: Who's the hottie?

Calroy: [beat] Liam has changed.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see he says,

Calroy: And where is the Chancellor?

Amethar: Oh.

Jet: The Chancellor sacrificed himself to save Prince Liam and the rest of us.
It was a beautiful moment of heroism that the Sugar-Plum Fairy herself will
tell all of her friends about for days to come.

Cumulous: Days?

(cast laughing)

Jet: I was—

Ruby: Maybe even weeks.

Brennan: We can assume she's busy. I mean, a lot goes on in whatever realm—

Theobald: Well, there aren’t days and years and such, so.

Brennan: Yeah. You see that- You see that Caramelinda regards you, Amethar.

Amethar: We should talk privately.

Caramelinda: [flat] You wanna talk? Now?

Amethar: Well, I just, it doesn't- I have a lot to say to you.

Brennan: She says,

Caramelinda: Theo, let's get the girls fed and safe in the castle at once.
Let's get Liam with them as well-

Jet: Oh, Mom, you don't have to protect us anymore.

Ruby: Oh yeah, we're war guys, too.

Jet: Yeah, we're war guys, too.

Caramelinda: No one in this castle who is my progeny or nephew, Liam, you are
included—

Liam: Thank you.

Caramelinda: —is going to be a war anything. You are going to be in the
castle, safe.

Ally: Can I do a Stealth check right in front of her?

Ruby: [groans] We are in trouble.

Brennan: Yeah.

Jet: Mom, I think you don't understand. We have proven ourselves in battle and
we actually don't need to do all this.

Ally: 16.

Brennan: 16? Cool, you Stealth away.

Siobhan: Yeah, I would also like to Stealth away.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Siobhan: 21.

Brennan: 21, okay.

Emily: I would like to Stealth away. 24.

Brennan: What was the lowest one? A 16? Okay-

Zac: I would like to Stealth away. (laughing) 8.

Brennan: Okay, cool. You got an 8?

Zac: Or 9.

Brennan: A 9? Okay. Caramelinda gets a plus 2, I'll roll in front of the
board. That's a nat 20. (cheering) She—

Lou: I love my curvy wife.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: She reaches out and says,

Caramelinda: Enough!

Brennan: Slams a high heeled foot into the ground and the Candian grass turns
to thick caramel and all of you sink a foot into the ground immediately.

Ruby: Can you teach me how to do that? That was really cool.

Liam: What was that?

Caramelinda: [yelling] Oh, you wanna learn something?

Ruby: Yes!

Caramelinda: Then go get washed and dressed in some less raggedy clothes, eat
your supper, do your lessons and then I'll teach you how to do that. War's
coming. It's time to stop fooling around.

Liam: That was really gorgeous. Let's go.

Jet: Yeah, that was—

Caramelinda: And what's this guy's deal?

Amethar: This is our cousin, Cumulous. He worked with my sister, Laz.

Caramelinda: [sighs] Alright. Alright.

Jet: He saved me in battle.

Caramelinda: Okay.

Zac: Would I have ever crossed paths with-

Brennan: Caramelinda? Yeah, but you were always- The people that worked for
Lazuli- It’s like people like Theo were like the FBI and you were like the
CIA. You didn't go make a big impression at court, you were always working
behind the scenes. You know what I mean?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: So, you see that she says,

Caramelinda: I'll see you upstairs.

Brennan: And you see that Tartguard and other people start coming in. And by
the way, you didn't see them, you were walking up in the middle of the fucking
night and they were far away and everyone's dead asleep, but there's bivouacs
and tents all over of mustered troops. And when I say mustered, I don't mean
mustard like you eat, mustered with an E, yes.

Emily: I do have to keep correcting it in my brain.

Brennan: It's food stuff, so there could be mustard troops somewhere.

Murph: I think as we're walking away I wanna send a message to the Queen, and
I wanna say,

Theobald: My Queen, I wouldn't dare say any of this out loud, I don't want it
to be taken as me undermining you in front of your daughters, but I will say
that without their prowess in battle none of us would've made it back. They
reminded me of General Rococoa and the Archmage Lazuli, who did equally brave
things at their age.

Caramelinda: Sir Theobald, noted. Please see the princesses to their chambers,
that they may be fed and clothed and given some reprieve from the journey they
have been through.

Theobald: Yes, my Queen.

Brennan: Cool. You guys take off. Cruller looks over to you and says,

Calroy: So you are?

Cumulous: I am a monk of the Order of the Spinning Star.

Calroy: Got it, understood.

Cumulous: You got it?

Calroy: Perhaps we should take a little tour of the castle right now to see if
there's any arcane things you know how to awaken that we don't?

Cumulous: I will try.

Zac: (laughs) I don't actually have any arcane, but like,

Cumulous: [in a serious voice] Yes.

Brennan: (laughs) Cool. Caramelinda looks at you, Amethar, and begins to walk
into the castle.

Lou: I quietly follow.

Brennan: You get up to your chambers. And as you do… You see she turns to you
and says,

Caramelinda: [sighs] ...How could you never tell me?

Amethar: I mean, I didn't tell anybody. I mean, my sisters knew because they
were my sisters. And Manta Ray Jack knew because he was the witness. But I… I
thought this was one of those things you could never talk about and it would
never be a problem. I mean, it was already hard enough for us, just making
this work. I thought it would only mean more problems.

Caramelinda: Your sisters knew. So, that means that Lazuli knew.

Amethar: Yeah, she knew. She actually knew before I knew, I guess, but didn't
know that it was gonna be something. It was a whole-

Brennan: Caramelinda looks out the window and just weeps.

Caramelinda: You not telling me makes sense, your sisters probably had a plan
when they were alive and when they were dead you would probably be too scared
to figure out what to do, so like a child, you just thought it would go away
on its own.

Brennan: Tear goes down her face.

Caramelinda: Lazuli not telling me, that… that hurts, because Lazuli I loved
with all my heart, and this is just politics.

Brennan: And she stands up, walks to the edge of the room and says,

Caramelinda: I suppose you're glad, at least in part, that war is coming and
you'll have something to do again.

Amethar: I'm gonna be better.

Caramelinda: What does that mean?

Amethar: I don't know. They tried to kill me twice, and for some reason, I'm
still here, so I'm gonna be better.

Caramelinda: [sighs heavily] Amethar the Unfallen. Let's see if Candia can
earn the same title.

Brennan: And she walks out of the room.

Lou: [laughs, sadly] I don't think I sleep.

[Brennan laughing]

Siobhan: I would like to, before, or maybe as we wake up, take the little
scrap of paper that Lapin Cadbury- The last vestige of him that we have left
and take it down to the stone circle and place it underneath the teacup.

Brennan: You go to Lapin's circle of stones and place the little page with his
name underneath the little broken teacup. Do you and Jet both go?

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: I think so.

Brennan: You guys go there. Theo is just-

Murph: Yeah, I think, I mean, it would be possible that I would go, too,
honestly.

Siobhan: Yeah, why don't we all go on the way back to-

Ally: I would go.

Siobhan: The castle, just pop in.

Brennan: Lovely.

Zac: I guess Cumulous will (laughs) lurk.

Brennan: Cumulous definitely sees something here that the others don't see.
So, you do this little ceremony for Lapin. Cumulous, you feel maybe an urge to
meditate here.

Zac: Cumulous will just have a seat.

Brennan: Cool. You guys see Cumulous goes into a state of meditation here in
this Sugar-Plum grove.

Ally: Can I have chopped through some trees and stuff until I found one of
those wish peppermint seeds?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a nature check with advantage.

Ally: Okay, cool. 23.

Brennan: 23\. Yeah, it'll take a little bit of time. But you can absolutely go
do that. So, I think Liam is probably, after this lovely funeral for Lapin you
head off and there's some peppermint trees up on the ridge that you know about
that are much older and probably likely to have some of these. As you go chop
some of them, you find a big healthy peppermint heart seed-

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Deep in a tree.

Ally: And then I think I'd run back and when we put the little note for Lapin
down I think I'd put that down for Preston.

Brennan: Oh, that's beautiful. Great. Go ahead. And so, Amethar, you have your
conversation, Cumulous, you stay after the funeral and are meditating there.
The rest of you guys in the castle, you know that your mom and dad, there's
some kind of wild thing gonna happen.

Ruby: Well, it's not like they ever got on.

Brennan: Mmhmm.

Jet: Yeah.

Brennan: You see your mom comes out of her private study. Each of you guys
make a Perception check, if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: Can I do it with advantage? Since I have Yak.

Brennan: Yeah. Yeah, yeah.

Emily: I have a 10.

Siobhan: I got an 11.

Brennan: You see, well, 11's good enough to see this, there's a little piece
of tearaway lingerie in your mom's study on her writing desk and she closes
the door and locks it behind her.

Ruby: Is that your underwear?

Jet: Is it my underwear?

Ruby: It doesn't look like it.

Jet: Caramelinda's—

Zac: Mhh, I have a—

Jet: Got something on the side. I think Mom might've had some-

Ruby: I mean, she's not getting it from Dad.

Jet: Some revenge booty.

Ruby: I would. Wouldn't you?

Jet: I guess so.

Ruby: I feel bad for both of them.

Jet: I kinda wanna go explore.

Ruby: Yeah.

Siobhan: Can we break into Mom's office?

Brennan: [a tiny bit too excited] Go ahead and give me a thieves' tool check.

Emily: Great.

Murph: I'm assuming I'm not there.

Brennan: No, I think right now what's happening is, you're probably touring
around the defenses of the caste.

Siobhan: I got a nat 20 on my thieves' tool check.

Brennan: Magically, you approach, and the door opens in front of you. You guys
walk inside, and you find a letter.

Jet: Really shouldn't.

Ruby: I won't if you won't, just kidding, I'm gonna.

Jet: I know, I was absolutely lying when I said we really shouldn't do this.

Brennan: The letter is from… It's from Lazi Fierce of Lazi Fierce Lingerie,
the madame of the lingerie shop in Dulcington, who apparently has been a spy
working for your mom since you were much younger princesses. You see—

Jet: Lazi, you mole.

Brennan: You see that she basically says, the letter goes on to say, “I am
keeping it well hidden in the attic of my shop. I may need to leave at once.
If you need it at any point, you need simply come and claim it, however, I
don't know when I'll be able to return.”

Ruby: What is it? We gotta follow Mom.

Jet: Ruby.

Ruby: I won't go to bed.

Jet: No, no, no, Ruby. I know that this is so not okay, but should we go try
to find it in the attic of the shop?

Ruby: Yeah, I think that's where Mom is going, right? She just got this
letter.

Brennan: You saw Caramelinda just heading off to the dining hall, the banquet
hall.

Ruby: Oh, then let's go into Dulcington and find what this thing is. I-

Jet: We are going to get in so much trouble. There is literally war going on.

Ruby: Jet, we can't worry about getting in trouble, there's war going on.

[Brennan and Ally laughing]

Jet: You're right, it works both ways. I'm in. Should we get Liam?

Ruby: Yes, absolutely let's get Liam.

Liam: [loudly] What, your mom's tearaway underwear?

Jet: Shh.

Liam: We're going on a mission 'cause you saw tearaway underwear?

Ruby: Shh. No, we read a letter!

Jet: There's something secret in the attic.

Ruby: We just want to know.

Jet: Curiosity is just so powerful.

Ruby: Honestly, I feel so bad for the weird power dynamic between our parents
right now and maybe it's something that will rebalance it out.

Jet: Oh, that's a noble reason.

Ruby: Yeah, exactly we just-

Jet: I was gonna go for pure curiosity.

Liam: I'll go to protect you now that I'm a war guy.

Ruby: Oh thank you, Liam.

Jet: Okay, okay.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you guys head off. You guys head off to Dulcington. I'm
gonna need the group Stealth check of all group Stealth checks right now.

Ally: I believe I get advantage.

Siobhan: I have Yak, right?

Brennan: What gives you advantage, do you remember?

Ally: [reading character sheet] “Natural Explorer, you have advantage.
Difficult terrain doesn't slow your group down.” Ca-ca-ca-ca-ca.

Emily: Oh, that's not-

Ally: “Tracking a creature.”

Siobhan: I got a 22.

Ally: Oh no, nevermind. Okay, cool, normal.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I got a 26. (laughs)

Ally: Nat 1.

(Brennan gasps)

Siobhan: Oh, Liam!

Brennan: However, however, it's a group check, so one nat 1 is not gonna do
it. But Liam, you're just like war guying up and the princess who are like-

Jet: Right now be a seed guy. Seed guy.

Brennan: Seed guy now, seed guy. And your hearts are filled with sugar and
mischief like they haven't been since the old days. You're sneaking into
Dulcington!

Emily: This feels—

Brennan: And you guys get all the way to the Lazi Fierce Lingerie shop in
Dulcington. I'm gonna need another thieves' tool check.

Emily: I don't have them anymore, so-

Siobhan: You can Help me.

Emily: Okay. Yeah, I give you the Help, actually.

Ally: I have them, too, if you don't.

Siobhan: That is a 25.

Brennan: That's extremely gonna do it. Yeah. You guys see that, it's very
sweet, but also you see how much you've changed. Jet is now this marshal-
She's lost some of her sneak, man, she's gone rough edge. And you've just
gotten slicker with all this magic shit. I mean, it's like, dead of night, and
this is one of the few shops the shopkeeper doesn't live, oh no, the
shopkeeper does live above it, but she's out of town right now. So, you guys
sneak up through the shop, up through the next place. There's no stealth
checks needed here 'cause you're just going through. And you guys get up to
the attic. We're going to cut over to, bum-bum-bum, Cumulous. You are-

Zac: Meditating.

Brennan: Meditating.

Emily: This feels so wrong, but how could we not?

Siobhan: How could we not? We had to. Especially after we got told off, I'm
like-

Emily: I know.

Brennan: So, you were sitting there for a while. The stones begin to glow.
(whooshing) As they glow, you hear a voice. And you see appearing before you,
multiple eyes, six wings. (whooshes) The Sugar-Plum Fairy. And you see that
this is just one face that she wears and that maybe there's even other things
behind that. Go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: You look past and see this spirit is making herself look small and
cute, but that she is vast and powerful behind this fairy glamour.

Cumulous: I will not fall for your tricks.

[buzzing wings]

Sugar-Plum Fairy: What tricks, wise monk?

Cumulous: I know that you are much more formidable than you appear.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Oh, I'm just a sweet little fairy. Tell me, we're not so
different, you and I. We both wanna save Candia's magic, is it not true?

Cumulous: That is true.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Then we are aligned in this endeavor.

Cumulous: What do you want… overall?

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I need it, the royal family of Candia to survive. I need
them to be safe. And I need them to come to where it is safe. Cumulous, I
would own you a great boon if you would bring the royal family to the Great
Stone Candy Mountains. There is safety there, not just for them, but for all
the magic of Candia. The time is drawing close where it will be too late.
There is a way to save Candia's magic, though it may not be the way that the
Archmage Lazuli would have wished. But, she's only a Calorian and a mortal and
she died. This way will be safer.

Cumulous: I don't know if I trust you.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I don't know if I trust me either. [grins]

Cumulous: I'll think on this.

Brennan: We move over to- So, Theo, you're looking around the castle. Is there
anything you would be doing as you're patrolling looking for stuff?

Murph: I think I'm probably patrolling around, but I think I'm probably also
slyly looking for King Amethar, assuming that he and the Queen probably had
their words and kind of wanting to know what's up?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. So, you're moving around through the castle looking
for Amethar. Amethar, you just got your fuckin'\--

Lou: Still just sitting. Even standing exactly where I was.

Brennan: You see that Calroy knocks on the door and says,

Calroy: Oooh. Bad time? Good time?

Amethar: Any time.

Calroy: (sighs heavily) Well, instead of being in the place where your wife
will come back to go to sleep and maybe make you feel terrible some more,
let's, I don't know, wanna go take a shit in a field?

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see he says,

Calroy: In all honesty, the ramparts of the castle need some tending to and I
think we should talk about what we do if Sir Maillard fails to hold them at
the Cola River.

Amethar: Yeah, yeah, let's do that.

Calroy: Let's go find Sir Theo.

Brennan: You see that you and Calroy head off, you're walking above the
beautiful high ramparts over the vast chasm cola moat of Castle Candy. And you
see that, go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Lou: It's only a 7.

Brennan: Okay. You look out over the vast fields, you see there's a ton of
bivouac tents out here. Calroy looks out and says,

Calroy: Look at all those tents. Like 20 years of peace just flew by, huh?

Amethar: I guess so. Right back to where we started.

Calroy: I guess so.

Brennan: You feel a knife plunge into your back.

Zac: [grins] I knew it.

Siobhan: Fucking knew it. Shit.

Brennan: I'm going to need three Constitution saving throws.

Lou: Wanna play this game again?

Siobhan: Oh no.

Ally: Fucker.

Lou: All right. You want an order again?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an order.

Lou: Okay. Yeah, so first one we're gonna go… First one will be 25.

Brennan: 25.

Lou: Second one will be 10. And the last one will be 9.

Brennan: Okay. (sighs heavily)

Ally: That motherfucking piece of cake.

Siobhan: Fucking—

Emily: Oh my—

Siobhan: Will rip him—

Ally: In those hot-ass pants.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: We should've known, he's an assassin.

Zac: [knowingly] Yeah.

Emily: All along he's been an assassin.

Siobhan: Yeah, but for us.

Zac: I almost made an Insight check earlier.

Siobhan: I know, god. He taught you how to use a sword.

Emily: I know.

Siobhan: Son of a bitch.

Brennan: Three. Amethar, you take 34 points of damage and are paralyzed.

Zac: Can you talk if you're paralyzed, or no?

Siobhan: No, you can't do anything if you're paralyzed.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Calroy puts a gloved hand over your shoulder and twists the dagger
into your back. (groans) You feel your body (gasps) freeze up staring out over
the estates of Candia. See, he goes,

Calroy: You know what I always hated about you, Amethar?

Emily: (groans)

Calroy: You were so damned lucky. I mean, fifth in line for the throne and the
crown rests on your head. And each of your sisters better and more [twists the
knife] clever than you. It really makes the unfortunate minor lord of a less
than wealthy barony feel… a little underwhelming. Oh, I'll say your sisters
were a little bit less lucky. The least lucky thing that ever happened to
Rococoa was when she found out that I was selling weapons to the Ceresians.
That, that had to be dealt with and I think you'll remember how strange it was
that she was found riddled with arrows so far behind our own lines! But that's
war, and strange things happen all the time. Ceresians, I find, are very
reasonable. Very reasonable. [points] And you can see some of their tents out
here in the field.

Emily: Oh my god, all along he's cake, he's part. Oh my god. [covers her face]

Calroy: You know, I don't have luck, so I have to work. I have to work a lot.
First I had to put the little cheese boy onto the scent of the Duchess
Coldbottle and I had to ferry his idiot sailors all the way up the Sucrosi
Road to that little farmhouse, I mean, had to get them there somehow, they
couldn't sail there, could they? And they would be so suspicious walking up
the road. And yet, you miraculously survived when you should have died!
Amethar the Unfallen. You uncharacteristically leave a fight, you jump out of
the ring rather than trying to behead that carrot. And they call the
tournament, even with all the work that me and Alfredi put in to getting those
water steel daggers into her hands. I… I thought I was going to fail.

And then… And then your friend Manta Ray Jack mentioned a girl at the banquet
stashed somewhere in the Dairy Islands and I thought, that's so interesting.
Amethar and I are best friends, war buddies as far back as we can remember.
Why would he never tell me? And I got to thinking, Amethar was never quiet
about his exploits as a roving Prince of Candia, so why didn't I hear about
this girl? And I thought, I'd better talk with Manta Ray Jack. He didn't wanna
talk, but a few fingers and pints of blood later we remembered your sister's
book, very useful your sister, very useful indeed, up until a young Belizabeth
Brassica ordered her run down in the street by Vegetanian knights. That hurt
because she had always been very sweet to me.

Well, after Manta Ray, we saw an opportunity. You know, it hurts to have all
of your plans fail, but they say that improvisation is the better part of
planning, so I was happy to take advantage of that opportunity when it
presented itself, Amethar. You know what happens to a man when he dies?
[pause] He shits himself. So, I'll be happy to watch you shit one last time.

Brennan: He grabs your ankles and goes,

Calroy: I wonder if they'll call you Amethar the Unfallen after this. Here's
to a future you can't ruin.

Brennan: (groans) And heaves you over the walls of the castle. (whooshes) Jet,
Ruby, and Liam.

Siobhan: Well, we're just having a nice time, having a little sneak attack
time.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You guys get up into the attic. The attic is totally pitch black, but
you see that there is a seam of golden light from a chest, something is being
kept in a chest up in the attic.

Ally: I have night vision, can I check to see?

Brennan: Absolutely. What I am going to actually need is for- Also, you open
the door, so you're leading the way. Jet and Ruby are walking in with Liam
behind them, right?

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Mmhm.

Brennan: I'm gonna need the three of you to roll initiative.

Siobhan: Fuck. Fuck, 10.

Emily: 16.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: 20.

Brennan: You guys walk up. You guys can't see shit, other than that little
gleam there. Liam, you come up behind them as they're already in the attic and
you see four shapes in the room move.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: They are masked, dressed in black, all holding water steel.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: Liam, you are first to act.

Emily: Oh, that's good.

Ally: Cool. I just start right now?

Brennan: You start right now. We're not gonna go to a battle episode.

Ally: All right, great. I step up to one of them.

Brennan: Mm-hm.

Ally: And I attack.

Brennan: Yeah, awesome.

Ally: Do I roll?

Brennan: You do roll, yes.

Murph: Oh, so close to a nat 20.

Ally: So close.

Murph: 19.

Ally: It's 19.

Brennan: 19 hits.

Ally: [getting up] I didn't even have my dice out.

Brennan: Alright.

Murph: Do you need some dice?

Ally: Yeah, please.

Murph: I got some. What do you need?

Ally: Okay, cool. I need 10’s and 8’s and 6’s. Thanks a lot. Okay.

Emily: Does this mean Caramelinda's bad?

Ally: I'm gonna take two more attacks. Do you want me to just roll those now?

Siobhan: She might be.

Brennan: Hmm?

Ally: Two more attacks?

Brennan: Take two more attacks right now.

Ally: Nat 20, crit.

Emily: Oh.

Ally: 24.

Brennan: All of them hit, one of them's a crit.

Ally: Sneak Attack will be the first one.

Brennan: And you get the extra d8 on the first on as well.

Ally: This is the d10, then we add 10 to this. 10, 17, 23, so 33 for that
first one.

Brennan: 33 the first one? Jesus.

Siobhan: Are they within five feet of us? Because if they are, you get Sneak
Attack on all of them.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Emily: I thought Sneak Attack was just once per round?

Brennan: It's once per round.

Siobhan: Oh, it is?

Brennan: So that's okay, yeah.

Brennan: Oh, yeah, yeah. Only once per round.

Siobhan: I didn't know that.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, that's 33. Not down.

Ally: Okay, then this next attack will be this. A d8. Oh sorry, that one
actually had one more d8.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: 6.

Brennan: 6, okay, cool.

Ally: Still not down?

Brennan: Still not down.

Ally: Okay. So then this attack. 10. Oh, sorry, 20.

Brennan: 20, Jesus. Looking extremely hurt.

Ally: 18.

Brennan: That's gonna be 59.

Ally: Can I see who these people are? Do I recognize any of them?

Brennan: Well, three peppermint bolts go into one. (whooshing)

Emily: Oh. Oh my— [covering her mouth]

Brennan: And you smell a (inhales) thick smell of sourdough.

Ally: Okay.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Ally: Thanks, guys.

Brennan: He does not drop.

Siobhan: Keep them just in case.

Ally: Oh yeah, thanks.

Siobhan: He doesn't drop? With that much damage?

Brennan: 67 damage does not drop.

Siobhan: Shit!

Ally: And then I haven't cast anything, so I cast Rope Trick and we all climb
into-

Brennan: Rope Trick is an action.

Ally: Oh, got you. Yeah, yeah, you're right. It's not a bonus action.

Siobhan: Run, Liam, run. You haven't moved.

Ally: Are there any windows up here?

Brennan: Yeah, there's windows.

Ally: I run and I open up a window.

Brennan: Okay, you can run and attempt to open it, or you can just try to
crash through it.

Ally: I'll take damage, yeah, I'll run and try to crash through it.

Brennan: Okay. You run and try to crash through.

Ally: Oh wait, so sorry.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Is this an action if I pull out my rope and just tie it to the two
girls?

Brennan: You're not gonna be able to do that here. You can't tie it to both of
them. No, 'cause you have to use your full action. The main thing for this
turn-

Ally: So many actions!

Brennan: Yes, already.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: So, you can do a bonus action or a movement right now, are the things
you can do.

Siobhan: Get out!

Ally: I'm gonna hide, is that a movement?

Brennan: You are invisible to people with- You see their eyes subtly glowing
with that alchemical dark vision the pirates had and you are invisible, if-

Ally: I'm gonna hide and keep my eye on them because I know they can't see in
the dark.

Brennan: Okay. So, you just fire and fuckin' vanish (whooshes) as Candian
magic surrounds you.

Ally: And I'm gonna yell, I'm gonna be like-

Emily: Yeah, I think your arrows probably-

Ally: Yeah, you got it.

Emily: Alerted us.

Brennan: So, you go invisible, so that leaves just Jet and Ruby.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: I'm not ready for this. We should've gone to bed.

Emily: I can't believe that's the message from this, is that we're poorly
behaved.

Siobhan: Oh, I hate when she's right. What is he rolling for?

Ally: 67 and it didn't drop. That's crazy. Was that fuckin' Ciabatta?

Brennan smiles very sweetly.

Emily: Ah!

Ally: [throws their pen] I'm done. I'm done with this season.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: [sighs] Ruby. I'm going to need three Constitution saving throws from
you.

Siobhan: Can I use… Yak?

Brennan: On one of them.

Siobhan: All right.

Brennan: Actually, he can't take a reaction, he can't give you the Help
action, I'm afraid.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: So, just give me three Constitution saves.

Emily: Oh, do you get- Oh no. Oh no, that's-

Siobhan: Oh yeah, I do have- (muffled speaking) Within five feet. Oh, we have
to have given it to each other.

Emily: Yeah, yeah. (mumbles)

Siobhan: I got a 14, a 15, and a 17.

Zac: What are you at?

Brennan: In that order? 14, 15, 17?

Siobhan: Sure.

Ally: Do you add stuff to 'em?

Siobhan: That's added.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: I'm going to need six Constitution saving throws from Jet.

Emily: Okay, let's do it three at a time. Okay, I'm gonna do-

Murph: You should have, 'cause you redid your—

Emily: I know, I- Yeah.

Murph: Yeah.

Emily: What was that?

Murph: Cause if you're a fighter now your Constitution should be your thing,
not your Intelligence, Dexterity anymore. Right?

Zac: Your proficiencies.

Brennan: Oh, that's right, your proficiency-

Emily: Okay, okay.

Murph: You should have a plus 7 to constitution.

Emily: Okay, so I have plus 7 to constitution, so 13, 23, 26.

Siobhan: Fuck. Three 5’s.

Emily: Three 5’s. And then 12, 12, 12.

(intense music)

Siobhan: [shaky] I can't believe you're fucking Red Wedding-ing us.

(cast laughing)

Ally: In a lingerie shop.

Siobhan: So humiliating.

Brennan: Tearaway underwear is truly everywhere.

Emily: Did any attacks miss on me?

Brennan: Oh, yeah.

Emily: Then I can riposte.

Brennan: Normally you can't use reactions when you're surprised, I will let
you get a riposte in.

Emily: Okay. Yeah, whoever missed me. Wait, let me just double check riposte.
My mind is- That's gonna be a 23. Does a 23 hit?

Brennan: Does a 23 hit? Yes, it does.

Emily: Okay. Not a great roll, but 13.

Brennan: 13 damage, hell yeah.

Zac: Is it the injured guy?

Emily: Yeah, whoever missed me. God, that feels like nothing.

Zac: I wonder how injured that guy is.

Brennan: The injured guy is not the guy who landed the attack on you.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: So, you deal 13 damage. You reach out, (whooshes). As your sword
flies out in the dark just wildly (yells) at some invisible attacker you can't
see-

Siobhan: Can Theo not feel us getting hit?

Emily: Swirlwarden.

Brennan: Swirlwarden!

Ally: I get advantage on Intelligence checks. Can I see if this is Ciabatta?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Yeah, that's a 20.

Brennan: Yeah, one of the masked assassins in here is Senator Ciabatta.

Ally: Can I cast Hunter's Mark on him?

Brennan: You gotta wait for your turn.

Ally: It's a bonus action, I should've done it.

Brennan: Okay. We'll go. 1, 2, 3, 4.

Ally: Oh. (mumbles)

Brennan: 6, 7, 8.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: I wish you could stack superiority die so that I could've maneuvered
Ruby out.

Brennan: 28, 36, 44, 46.That is going to be… 49 damage to Ruby.

Siobhan: Okay, I have 3 hit points.

Brennan: [shaking a lot of dice for a long time] It's gonna be 11, 18, 30, 37,
42, 53 damage to Jet from the first attack.

Murph: Oh, Jesus.

Siobhan: No.

Emily: I am… fully gonna be down.

Brennan: And then 6, 10, 20, 32, 42, 48, 51 damage to Jet on second attempt.

Emily: Okay, I'm down.

Brennan: Okay. You also fall victim to the poisoned condition. That is their
turn. Next in the order is Jet, you're going to make a death saving throw with
disadvantage.

Onscreen text: House Rule: Poisoned gives disadvantage on death saving throws.

Emily: Still got it.

Murph: 11, 17.

Ally: Yes!

Emily: Still success.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: Okay. Ruby, that's your turn.

Siobhan: (sighs) Fuck. God. I would like to… shoot at the one that Liam has
already shot at.

Liam: Run!

Jet: I think you should run.

Siobhan: Fuck. [tearing up] I cast Invisibility on myself and I run.

Brennan: [whooshing] You cast invisibility, you flee.

Siobhan: [crying] And I try and run to Theo as fast as I can.

Brennan: You sprint down the stairs away from Dulcington. Liam, you're in the
corner. It is your turn. Attacking them will alert them to your presence, but
it is your turn after Ruby flees.

Ally: Great. I cast Rope Trick and I grab… her, and we both go up.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You (whooshing) grab Jet, disappear into the rope trick.
You see the mask pulled off and you see Ciabatta, badly injured, says,

Ciabatta: They disappeared using some Candian magic. Find them!

Brennan: You see the other three drop to their knees and say,

Ceresian Assassins: Yes, imperator.

[blaring, ominous music]

Brennan: Stand up and they, (whooshes) leave. Okay. [sighs] We are out of that
combat as you sprint back to the castle.

Emily: God.

Brennan: I'm going to need Jet to give me another death saving throw with
disadvantage.

Murph: Fuck. Oh.

Emily: I got a 1.

Brennan: That's two failures.

Emily: Okay. So, I have to go again? (laughs)

Brennan: Or you can roll again.

Ally: Can I use my turn to give her the Help action?

Brennan: Yeah. Well, give me a medicine check.

Murph: Fuck.

Ally: 6.

Brennan: She is just bleeding out, water corroding her body. (gasping) Looking
up. I'm gonna need one last death saving throw from Jet.

Ally: Can I give her advantage so that it-

Brennan: You did not hit the Medicine DC-

Ally: Oh, oh, I got you. Okay, yeah, yeah.

Murph: Fuck.

Emily: I got another 1.

Siobhan wipes a tear. Ally covers their face with their hands.

(sad music)

Brennan: Hidden away in a veil of shadows. Liam, your hands over Jet's body,
as she looks up… Trying to suck in breath, you do your best to attempt to fix,
but the poison works. Jet, the last thing you feel is a bright warm glow on
your Locket of the Sweetest Heart. Ruby racing up the street as fast as you
can, you hold fast to the locket. You sprint over the bridge, and just as you
pass over the bridge, the light in the locket goes out.

Siobhan and Emily are crying.

Jet: Tell Ruby I love her.

Brennan: In this place between worlds, Liam… you look up and you hear those
words, not from Jet on the ground, but from Jet standing above you.

Jet: And tell her she did the right thing.

Brennan: Hands are placed on Jet's back. You hear the voice of your aunt
whisper in your ear,

Rococoa: Good job, soldier. You got her home. Ruby's gonna be alright.

Jet: Thank you.

Rococoa: Work's not over. There's plenty we can do from this side. You ready?

Jet: I mean, yeah, that sounds awesome.

Rococoa: I have bad news. If you thought the adventure was gonna end, it's
not.

Jet: Well, if you thought the adventurer was gonna die, she definitely fuckin'
wasn't.

Brennan: She kisses you on the cheek and says,

Rococoa: Let's get to work.

Brennan: [sighs] Theo.

Murph: Mm-hm.

Brennan: You are walking through the castle, looking for some other of the
knights of North-Gumbia. You find Toby's quarters, Sir Toby's quarters and
they look sort of, messier than normal, which he's a very neat, crisp knight,
which is a little bit unusual to you. As you go in to investigate, you see Sir
Toby's body butchered in a corner of the room and you hear the iron door of
his quarters slammed behind you and locked. You hear the voice of some
Muffinfield soldiers, some of Lord Cruller's men saying,

Muffinfield Soldier: (laughs) Keep the bear behind the iron door. Have fun in
there! If you get hungry, your friend Toby should be able to help you with a
meal. You're a bear after all, aren't you?

Murph: I think Theo's just running through just a million thoughts at once,
just like, how did I not see this? How did I not suspect anything? Where's the
King? All of this. (sighs) Can I hear how many people are outside the door?

Brennan: Only probably two or three.

Murph: I cast Knock on the door.

Brennan jerks back in shock, jaw dropped.

Emily: Yeah!

Siobhan: Yes, bitch.

Emily: Yeah!

Murph: It automatically unlocks a door.

Brennan: [laughs in disbelief] You hear them snickering outside and the Lord
Commander of the Tartguard, Knight of North-Gumbia, the door bursts off its
hinges, flies and thuds into the wall across and they whip around to look at
you. We cut over to Cumulous. The fairy smiles, vanishes, and you hear
shouting in the castle.

Zac: I run to the shouting.

Brennan: Amethar. You are falling. (wind whistling) You are falling from one
of the highest parapets deep into the crevasse of the moat of Castle Candy.
I'm going to need you to make- You have enough time falling to make three more
Constitution checks to attempt at the end, or at the beginning of each turn,
attempt to come out of paralysis.

Emily: Oh my god, oh my god.

Zac: How close am I to that?

Brennan: You're a million miles away.

Siobhan: How close am I to that?

Brennan: Probably also a million miles away. When we get to his last roll we
can make some rolls to see exactly how close you are.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll on the board, first Constitution roll.

Murph: Yes!

Emily: Oh.

Lou: 21.

Brennan: You come out of paralysis.

Murph: Yes!.

Ally: Come on.

Emily: Rage. Rage, take the half damage.

Brennan is pouring out a lot of dice; it does in fact sound like cereal.

Ally: Oh, is that some cereal?

Murph: Oh, dude, you can rage. Rage in the air.

Brennan: Max damage-

Lou: Can I rage on the next two turns worth of falling? I mean, it's been
established that there's three turns of falling, I'd like to take one to come
out of paralysis, two—

Siobhan: If we have to obey the rules, you have to obey the rules.

(cast laughing)

Murph: I mean, he would be pretty mad.

Zac: Can you suck at rage?

Murph: If there ever was a time to rage—

Ally: Yeah, Cruller literally-

Lou: Literally rage.

Ally: Just twisted a knife while monologuing about how he killed all of his
sisters, like—

Murph: I feel like I should rage.

Brennan: I actually messed something up before in the thing with Jet's last
stab was at Ciabatta. Ciabatta was the one who stabbed you.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Ciabatta was the one who stabbed you.

Ally: What did you use for that?

Emily: Just a riposte, it was a reaction.

Ally: It wasn't the poison dagger, or whatever?

Emily: I don't have a water dagger, I used mine on the Pontifex.

Ally: Oh, fuck yeah, okay.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: I still have mine, for what fuckin' good it's done me.

Ally: I feel sick. (laughs)

Emily: I know.

Siobhan: Oh, I have a list. Oh, I have a list.

Ally: Oh, you get Bill and Hill in here.

Siobhan: Brother, I have a list.

Brennan: The max falling damage is 20d6, you're gonna take all of that. You
may fly into a rage just before you hit the ground.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Can you… Can you Second Wind?

Lou: Yeah, I'll-

Siobhan: I mean-

Emily: Oh yeah, you're a fighter! Do you have Second Wind?

Lou: I do have Second Wind. (Emily gasps) Can I use one turn to Second Wind
and one turn-

Zac: Well rage- Going into rage is a bonus action!

Brennan: Yeah. You can Second Wind. You have two rounds, so you can do Second
Wind on one.

Lou: Great, here we go.

Emily: I'm shaking, oh my god.

Ally: Stay alive. Stay alive long enough.

Lou: One d10 plus 2?

Siobhan: Please stay alive.

Brennan: One d10 plus 2.

Lou: That's 1, plus 2, equals 3.

Brennan: How many hit points do you have?

Lou: 51.

Murph: Oh, come on, dude.

Brennan: All right, let's see this falling damage, max falling damage. Before
I roll, what is going through Amethar's mind?

Lou: As I fall, I think the two things I see are… Ruby tied to the rope… on La
Fondue shooting an arrow straight through the captain's head and then the look
on Jet's face when she stabbed the guy on the… that road and we did the daddy
daughter special for the first time.

Brennan rolls a tremendous amount of d6’s onto the table.

Zac: There's so many fucking dice.

Brennan: 8, 11, 16, 21, 28, 26. (whispering) (sighs) Amethar takes 72 points
of falling damage—

Murph: Fuck!

Emily: But halved—

Brennan: ...Halved to 36.

Murph: Dude!

(Lou groaning)

Brennan: How many hit points does Amethar have?

Lou: 35\. Excuse me, 50 minus 35-

Siobhan: That's like, 15.

Lou: Which is 15.

Brennan: You fall for hours. You look across the bridge and see a glowing
point of heart red light crossing the bridge and then extinguish. You hear the
noise of shouts from within the castle. You know the moment that the heart red
light goes out that Jet is gone.

Lou: I think that's the angriest I've ever been at the world and myself that
this is where I am at this time.

Brennan: Like a meteor falling from the sky, the King erupts in flame, strikes
into the ground. Cola steam and bright purple and pink rocks (whooshes)
crater. From the dust and rubble, the King of Candia stands, having fallen
from the height of his own castle, alive, as the sounds of war erupt. That's
all for this episode on "A Crown of Candy".

Siobhan: [whispering] You son of a bitch.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 10: Blood &
Bread](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQRY0426CFshXhvPv0wb13gw-
Ezn40Y6QgALTmSa1I6Fe6a26LrN5G-SaZRc8_D8FkHhPjHQWgvyoRM/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647634959291&usg=AOvVaw3qiaY24ektmxS1xeEHAAR-)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

Caramelinda: What is happening?

Theobald: We're being attacked by Calroy's soldiers.

Calroy: [sing-song] Caramelinda! Where are you?

Brennan: Around the corner, you see the Ceresians, they go,

Ceresian: (laughs) It is a royal!

Liam: We are fucked!

Theobald: Everyone knows.

Liam: And because of that, we are fucked.

(groaning)

Zac: To get in the chariot and I'm gonna ride the horses off this cliff.

(gasping)

(horses whinnying)

Sprinkle: For Candia! (whooshing)

Brennan: This game fuckin' rules.

* * *

Captions extracted by: Kyber Bonsai  
Edited by: Kyber Bonsai, numblee, gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjowNDI6CYF4KTyiFzsqLM0927a7HiQknII0ShqLAggzs8CYX1ZpVAnlp9quMFEmoNyOfNQaEYfJFi1scbCA:0)

Episode 10: Blood & Bread

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
and Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks

Episode 10: Blood & Bread

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQI5Cg6t65A5EUDfZ9jYqMRrIcAcebCh-
Mwwl3THhU4oRk4IJ2ChkktrTj5Amtp6JS0cbz6bXDpJG6-/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647638699344&usg=AOvVaw1lkR6WJVzHMqBedm0kqECX)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTLb-7KMl2qRX4Q3w4U5WGyZry-
QcDucFI-
jjKripyjPWjZ8PyW57zqgqWxDdWkGwZeKuJj3RDWgU5k/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647638699953&usg=AOvVaw3-SRbx0L1I2vwpRR5ePwnJ)]
>

(dramatic music)

Brennan: [more subdued than usual] Welcome, one and all, to another episode of
A Crown of Candy. I'm your dungeon master, Brennan Lee Mulligan, with me are
some of our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

Siobhan: No, we don't have time for this. Let’s get right into it.

Lou: Too much murdering to do, let's go.

Brennan: [laughs] Okay. We are going to not start by rolling initiative. You
see before you Castle Candy, the town of Dulcington beneath and we see all the
various peoples and you see that in fact, the environs of Castle Candy extend
not just in our board, but at the borders of it as well. We're gonna resolve
some stuff before we jump straight into battle. Let's go ahead and start with
Theobald.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Go ahead, Theobald, and roll initiative for me, if you'd be so kind,
just you.

Murph: Okay. Do I get any kind of surprise for like—

Brennan: You're gonna get a surprise round on them.

Murph: Okay, sweet. Okay, come on, for once, do good on initiative. Okay, 11,
I will take that.

Brennan: Excellent, they're gonna roll. They rolled a natural 3, go ahead and
take your surprise round.

Murph: Oh my god. You made a huge mistake not killing me first, you stupid
little muffins. I'm going to cast- Now I have War Magic, which means I can
cast a cantrip to do Green Flame Blade and also still do two attacks, so I'm
gonna attack the first guy with advantage because of Sprinkle. That is an 18
to hit?

Brennan: That hits!

Murph: Okay, so that is--

Zac: Do you have advantage on a surprise round too?

Murph: Oh, I get advantage anyway.

Brennan: That's true, yeah.

Murph: I'm not gonna use Sprinkle.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Murph: Okay. That is 15, 20 damage to the first guy.

Brennan: Dropped.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Lou: Whoa!

Murph: And the next guy's gonna take some fire damage from Green Flame Blade.
He takes 6 damage?

Brennan: Okay, not dropped.

Murph: Then I'm gonna take an attack on him.

Zac: Fuck him up!

Murph: That is another 18 to hit.

Brennan: That hits.

Murph: That is another 10 damage.

Brennan: You've done 16 to him? You did 6 and then—

Murph: Yes.

Brennan: Dropped. That's the surprise round, there is one left standing.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You go first, you go before him.

Murph: Sweet. Sprinkle, help me out here. I'm gonna cast Green Flame Blade
again.

Brennan: Okay.

(Siobhan laughs)

Murph: That is 25 to hit.

Brennan: That does it.

Lou: Oh, I love the good Theo.

Murph: That is 5 damage, does it go- Okay, it's just one, da da da, 5, 10
damage on the first attack.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: All right. This is just the regular non-advantage one, come on. That is
a 14 to hit?

Brennan: 14 hits.

Murph: Nice. Another 8 damage.

Brennan: Theo, they have locked you in an iron barred door with the body of
Sir Toby, one of the knights of North-Gumbia, they laugh outside. In a
swirling helix of Candian magic energy, you reach back into all the lessons
you learned as Candia's Eldritch Knight, sworn to the protection of its
Archmage. The door explodes off its hinges and as their faces follow, you
slide with Sprinkle at your side.

Sprinkle: (babbling) For Candia!

Brennan: The Battlepop explodes with bright candy neon energy and all of these
Muffinfield soldiers are dead before they even have a chance to draw their
weapons.

Murph: Amazing.

Brennan: What does Theo do?

Murph: I rush towards, I guess the ki- I'm gonna start running towards the
king's quarters, but if I see any fighting along the way or whatever, I'm
looking for Amethar and the princesses.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: 'Cause I assume they're still here.

Brennan: Give me an Investigation check.

Murph: Oh boy. Nat 1.

Brennan: Okay. You find Caramelinda. She looks at you. She is walking, and she
goes,

Caramelinda: Well, supper's getting cold, so I don't know where the princesses
think they've gone, but--

Theobald: My queen, we're being attacked by Calroy's soldiers.

Caramelinda: What?

Theobald: There's some kind of- Something is going on. Where's the king, where
are the princesses and why are you not with the guards right now? You need to
come with me.

Caramelinda: We're in the castle. Sir Theo, calm yourself.

Theobald: There is an attack. Toby was killed.

Brennan: You see some soldiers walk around the corner wearing Muffinfield
colors, with the symbol of House Cruller.

Murph: Can I do an Insight check?

Brennan: Yes, you can. And Sprinkle's gonna give you advantage.

Murph: Okay. 16.

Brennan: 16, you look at Caramelinda and see a look of true confusion and
consternation in her eyes and she goes,

Caramelinda: Have you lost the princesses again?

Brennan: And you see the soldiers drawing crossbows as they train their guard
on the queen.

Murph: I stand in front of her.

Brennan: You jump in front of her. These guys take shots at you. That is- One
of them is going to hit you for 6 points of damage.

Murph: Okay, so minus 2?

Brennan: Minus 3.

Murph: Minus 3, so 3.

Brennan: Crossbow goes up, the queen screams and says,

Caramelinda: What is the meaning of this?! This is Sir Theobald! So everyone
lower your weapons at once!

Brennan: These Muffinfield soldiers have no expression on their face as they
train on you and the queen.

Murph: Okay. I charge forward at the crossbow guys.

Brennan: Awesome. Go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Murph: Can Sprinkle help, or just me?

Brennan: Sprinkle can help.

Murph: Nat 20.

Brennan: You hear the sound of a lot more soldiers coming.

Theobald: My queen, we need to get out of here.

Murph: I just put the brakes on after running at them and start running back
the other way.

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna roll a Wisdom check for our queen. You've explained
what's going on, but it's very confusing. (rolls dice) The queen turns and
runs after you.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Cool. You sprint away from these guys, they give chase, firing
crossbows. Go ahead and give me a History check.

Murph: Okay. 16.

Brennan: You turn a corner with the queen and there is a secret door that you
know about in the castle right next to you, candelabra, lever.

Murph: Sweet, pull it.

Brennan: You and the queen slam into there, and she goes,

Caramelinda: [panting] What is happening?

Theobald: I found Toby in his quarters, murdered, suddenly fighting in the
castle, I was attacked by muffin guards. Either Calroy has been betrayed or he
betrayed us.

Brennan: You hear a noise from out in the halls going,

Calroy: [singsong] Caramelinda~! I'm afraid your dear husband, or I suppose,
seeing that your marriage never truly transpired, the man who made bastards of
your daughters, has had an unfortunate fall. Where are you~?

Brennan: Caramelinda looks at you with eyes wide and there is a spiral
staircase going down.

Theobald: We shouldn't take the bait, we should go down.

Brennan: She looks. (panting)

Theobald: There's a good chance he's bluffing. We know of all the good
qualities of King Amethar, perhaps his greatest is that he's very difficult to
kill.

Brennan: [laughs] You race down the spiral staircase. We're gonna go to Ruby.
You are racing up invisibly from Dulcington. Invisibility has not broken on
you.

[somber piano music]

Siobhan: So I feel Jet's life slip away. I would like to turn and run towards
the stone circle.

Brennan: You turn and run towards the stone circle. Cumulous, as you are
running through the forest back to the castle, I want you to give me a Stealth
check with advantage and I want you to give me a Perception check.

Siobhan: I got a 20, not nat.

Brennan: 20 not nat?

Siobhan: I'm also invisible still.

Brennan: Yep.

Zac: 17.

Brennan: 17. Okay, you see Cumulous running past you, Ruby, but he does not
see you.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Cool. You get to the stone circle.

Siobhan: I scream,

Ruby: Bring her back! I know you can bring her back. What is the point of
having magic if I can't bring her back?!

The Sugar-Plum Fairy slowly materializes in front of Ruby.

Ruby: [softly] Please.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I'm so sorry. This world is a world of loss and cruelty. It
is ruled over by the Bulb that shines above and the Hungry One below. I can't
bring her back. There might be a way to bring all of you to her. Go north, the
secrets of Candia are still strong in the Great Stone Candy Mountains. That's
where I am.

Ruby: Okay.

Sugar Plum Fairy: And it's where your sister is waiting.

(eerie music)

Brennan: Disappears.

Siobhan: [sighs] Am I, where, sorry, where's the stone circle—

Brennan: The stone circle is actually out past here. So you would have to
head—

Siobhan: Okay, then I'll head into the castle.

Brennan: You rush to the castle as fast as you can.

Siobhan: Still sneaking, 'cause clearly some shit is going on.

Brennan: You hear voices behind you. And you see a dull yellow glow of a green
mace and a carrot paladin saying,

Keradin: The castle lies ahead. Our mission stands before us, brothers.

Siobhan: Is he alone?

Brennan: Oh, he's got about thirty knights behind him.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: You make your way back to the castle. Go ahead and give me a
Perception check and Yak is flying overhead giving you advantage.

Siobhan: That is two nat 20s.

Ally and Murph: Whoa!

Lou: It is two nat 20s.

Zac: Holy shit.

Lou: Confirmed. [holds up two fingers on each hand, then reconsiders and makes
a 2-0 twice]

Ally: What the fuck!

Brennan: I'm gonna say with two nat 20s, you...

Ally: [whispering] What the fuck!

Siobhan: My rolls this season man.

Brennan: You, Cumulous, feel the presence behind you of the Sugar-Plum Fairy
briefly returning to the glade. You approach invisibly and as you do so, a
wind kicks up and Ruby glows a deep burning red that only you can see.
Invisible, that no one else can see anything, but you see a little bit of glow
just on the grass from where Ruby has stepped, that fades a moment after her
foot leaves. You look down, with those two nat 20s, get to the edge of the
chasm that separates the main keep and then the court and, you know, the
bailey of Castle Candy. You look down and see your father's body, exactly
where it has landed by the parapet.

[somber piano music]

Siobhan: Oh my god, I— How can both of— I run to him.

Brennan: You begin to run. Cumulous, with that two nat 20s you see that as
well. And you see Amethar lying at the bottom, his body, you know.

Lou: You know.

Brennan: Astride in the field. You begin to go down, what does Cumulous do?

Zac: I see the red glow, but do I know that it's her?

Brennan: [Shaking his head] Mm-mm.

Zac: I think Cumulous stealths after them. Runs to the king as well.

Brennan: Runs to the king as well? You start running to the king. Liam. You're
in a Rope Trick.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: In a tear-away lingaway— [laughs] In a tear-away lingerie store.

Murph: Tear-away lingerie.

Brennan: Tear-away lingerie. You look through the Rope Trick after Jet's
spirit departs, her body is still here, the Locket of the Sweetest Heart
around her neck, Flickerish, the Twizzling Blade at her side, the water steel
poison finishes its horrible work on her body and she is lifeless. The glow
fades from the Rope Trick. You see the Ceresian assassins speaking. Two of
them have already fled. Ciabatta holds his side, the other assassin says,

Ceresian Assassin: Imperator, are you all right?

Brennan: You see he goes,

Ciabatta: Something in the darkness I could not see attacked.

Ceresian assassin: Imperator, our eyes, they have been treated with Alfredi's—

Ciabatta: I know. Something darker than darkness. That little witch boy is out
there somewhere. Or perhaps more of Alfredi's tricks.

Brennan: You see the guy nods and Ciabatta shakes it off and says,

Ciabatta: Well, Alfredi's tricks stopped at the end of that hangman's noose.
We don't have her to worry about anymore. But I will say, it's a shame we
don't have any more of these water steel daggers. Should've gotten that secret
from her before she died.

Brennan: And you see he leaves here. You guys, or rather, Liam, you watch them
leave this place. And you are alone in the Rope Trick.

Ally: Okay. I pop out of the Rope Trick, we drop down. Can I investigate that
glow?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: I think I have advantage from—

Brennan: I don't think it's advantage, you can just roll Investigation.

Ally: That's a 9?

Siobhan: Do you have Detect Traps and Snares?

Ally: No.

Brennan: You open it, and there is a little alchemically treated rock that
creates a glow.

Ally: Okay. I take Jet's body.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: And I like, ceremonially wrap it in tear-away lingerie, almost like I'm
embalming it, [everyone is laughing] and I climb down from up there to a
different corner of the lingerie store and I open up a cabinet and I place her
in there and I take the Swizzling- I take the blade, I take the locket, I take
everything like hardware that Ruby may want and put it in my pack.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: And I leave her body in there.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: And I take off stealthily into the night.

Brennan: [whistles] Give me a Stealth check.

Ally: Advantage? 'Cause I have—

Brennan: Oh, 'cause you're invisible in the darkness? Yeah, sure, go ahead and
roll with advantage.

Ally: Yeah. It's like 22. 21.

Brennan: Cool, and go ahead and give me either, you can give me a Survival or
Investigation check.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Actually, roll this with advantage too, 'cause you've got the locket.

Ally: Okay, 16.

Brennan: You hold the locket and follow it to Ruby and you can't see her, but
the shadows wrap around you. This little peppermint ranger, move quickly
through town. It is now about 4:30, five o'clock in the morning. You see Ruby
heading down into the crevasse. Cumulous, you head down there,

all of you head down there. Amethar, you are crawling out of the crater and
just manage to stand when you see a pair of dull red glowing footsteps

approach across purple candy.

Ruby: [crying] Pops, it's me. I think Jet's dead!

Amethar: I know.

Ruby: What are we gonna do?

Lou: And I kneel down and give her the warmest, softest, most comforting hug I
can imagine.

Ruby: I'm gonna fucking kill them. I'm gonna fucking kill all of them. I'm
gonna fucking kill their children. I'm gonna come for them, and I will bury
their houses in the sea.

Liam: Thanks for including me, guys.

Amethar: Oh!

Ruby: Liam!

Liam: Hey, oh, I thought you knew I was here, sorry.

Amethar: No, it's just, come here. Three-way hug.

Siobhan: Two invisible people hugging.

Lou: I look them both in their eyes and say,

Amethar: Vengeance is only worth it if we kill them.

Liam: Who all’s is here?

Amethar: Cruller.

Ruby: Cruller?

Amethar: [shaky] He's part of it.

Ruby: He's your best friend.

Amethar: We don't have time to get into that. We need to get out of here. We
need to find Theobald. We need to find Cumulous.

Cumulous: I've been standing here for quite a while.

Liam: Whoa!

(cast laughing)

Liam: Whoa!

Cumulous: I wanted to let you have your moment.

Amethar: Thank you.

Ruby: Thank you.

Liam: Here, Ruby. I hid Jet's body.

Ruby: Thank you.

Liam: Because I couldn't run fast enough with it, but we can definitely do
something. I did what I could with eight or nine pairs of tear-away lingerie.

Ruby: She would've loved that. Oh no.

Liam: Here's her blade and here's the other half of your twin necklace. Those
are the only two things I thought to bring you right off the bat.

Ruby: You should keep the neck- Jet would want you to keep--

Liam: What?

Ruby: The locket… I can't do anything without- It needs another, it doesn't...

Liam: Okay, I've been wanting to accessorize for a long time.

Ruby: I think it'll look cool on you. You can be a necklace guy.

Ally: I put it on, it's like a choker.

Ruby: You look cool.

Liam: Yeah?

Ruby: Yeah. You can maybe wear it as a bracelet.

Liam: I kinda like this.

Ruby: Okay. Whatever you want, however you feel.

Liam: I just kinda like this, actually.

Ruby: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: A door opens in the side of the wall. (handing Siobhan a card)
Siobhan, this is Flickerish, the Twizzling Blade.

Siobhan: Okay.

(Ally whistles)

Brennan: (handing Ally a card) This is Locket of the Sweetest Heart.

Ally: This doesn't feel good.

(Brennan laughs)

Murph: Emotionally brutal.

Siobhan: Truly.

Brennan: Getting handed cards has never— It’s painful.

Murph: Yeah, the mechanics of this is—

Brennan: A door opens in the side of the chasm, a secret door, and you see
Caramelinda and Theo step out of the doorway.

Ally: I need a— Can I immediate Perception check on Caramelinda?

Brennan: Do you wanna do Insight or Perception?

Ally: Perception.

Brennan: Do Perception.

Ally: Oh, sorry.

Siobhan: I would like to do an Insight check on her.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: May I use Yak?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Great. I got a 22.

Ally: Just a 7.

Siobhan: 23.

Brennan: You look at your mother and see a horrified woman. You see your mom.

Ruby: Mom, Jet's dead. I'm sorry, I think it's my fault.

Caramelinda: What?

Ruby: I think it's my fault Jet's dead.

Caramelinda: What do you mean she's dead?

Ruby: Jet's dead. It was an ambush, we got trapped and there were- They
stabbed us, and I—

Liam: It was Ciabatta. It was Ciabatta and three other bread people.

Caramelinda: Well, where is she?

Liam: We went to find something that someone promised to you.

Caramelinda: What?

Liam: The tear-away lingerie lady that you know so well had something for you.

Caramelinda: I don't know what tear-away lingerie—

Liam: Your best friend who gives you—

Caramelinda: I don't know a tear-away lingerie lady!

Liam: She gives you all your tear-away lingerie!

Caramelinda: My lingerie is thick!

Amethar: We have to stop screaming.

Brennan: You hear noises up in the castle above.

Ally: I rip off my lingerie.

Brennan: You see that Caramelinda looks and says,

Caramelinda: Theo, where—

Ruby: They're here, I saw the carrot paladin, I saw him, he had 20 or 30 men
with him and, and—

Theobald: How many men do we have? How many men and women--

Cumulous: How many people were loyal to Cal, how many people were not?

Brennan: Caramelinda looks and says,

Caramelinda: We sent the vast majority of the Tartguard and the armies of the
House of Rocks north to help Jawbreaker. Cal said that if Jawbreaker fell,
that would be it, so he advised that we send as many of—

Ruby: Oh, god!

Cumulous: So the soldiers here are loyal to Cal.

Caramelinda: Well, there weren't soldiers, we were a skeleton guard for a
time, but Cal was kind enough to, he, no—

Cumulous: We have to leave.

Ruby: Oh god, we have to leave.

Lou: Is Manta Ray Jack still in the harbor? Or would I—

Brennan: He said he was gonna be here all night, he said he wasn't gonna leave
without you guys.

Siobhan: Great.

Amethar: We have to make it to the harbor.

Liam: I have to go track that paladin.

Amethar: Not today, Liam. Liam?

Ruby: Please Liam, I can't lose another, please!

Amethar: Do you wanna kill him, or do you wanna die fighting?

Liam: [quietly] I wanna kill him.

Amethar: Not today.

Theobald: That'll come another time. Where... is the princess's body?

Liam: Hidden away in that place in—

Brennan: Dulcington.

Liam: In Dulcington. I wrapped her and I put her in a place that no one would
find her and we can go get her if you want.

Brennan: You guys begin to hear horns in the castle above and see torches
being lit, and you hear the barking.

(imitating barking)

Amethar: We need to go now, we can stop by there on the way. Come on.

Lou: And I take off, stealthily, toward Dulcington.

Siobhan: I, as we go, would like to cast Prestidigitation to put weird smells
in our path, like anise that the dogs will be attracted to, that they won't be
attracted to us.

Brennan: Hell yeah, that's a free disadvantage on their track checks.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You guys go. I'm going to say something right now. Ruby and Amethar
are both mortally, mortally injured. You guys know that time is of the essence
and that already the search has begun for you, but you also know that if you
do not tend to these wounds, the possibility of death will be much higher. So
you are very hidden right now, and in fact, through the secret door, you know
there's another staircase under the castle that goes to another exit outside
of the castle walls, so you don't have to crawl all the way back up this
chasm.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So I will say right now that you have a decision to make about
whether to tend to these wounds as best you can and risk the situation
worsening dramatically, or taking your chances while both of you are on
death's door.

Siobhan: Can I use my Mage Hand to hold my guts in?

(Brennan laughs)

Amethar: Theobald.

Theobald: Yeah?

Amethar: Do you think we wait an hour?

Theobald: I think we need to go. Ruby, I could potentially carry you, if you
can hold your wound.

Amethar: I mean, I am 100% about leaving instantly. But if we get in a scrap,
it's the three of you in the front and the three of us in the back. Is that--

Theobald: I will get the rest of you out of here.

Siobhan: Does my m-

Brennan: Caramelinda looks just, she goes,

Caramelinda: Ciabatta, the Imperator is here?

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Ruby: I'm guessing he's the Imperator, right?

Zac: Would I recognize the tents as anything other than--

Brennan: Ceresian and Vegetanian.

Zac: Which is what is attacking us.

Murph: Yep.

Amethar: Let's go.

Theobald: Let’s go-

Brennan: You guys head off. I'm gonna need everybody here to roll initiative.

Murph: [rolls] Goddamn it!

Siobhan: Nice, okay.

Brennan: Who got above a 20?

Ally: Me.

Siobhan: I got a 22.

Brennan: 22.

Lou: 20.

Brennan: 20, and what did Liam get?

Ally: I'm sorry. And then I add… I got a 22.

Brennan: Both of you got 22, 20. Between Liam and Ruby, who wants to go first?

Siobhan: Why don't you go first, you should go first.

Brennan: So we'll do Liam--

Siobhan: We keep on rolling the same.

Ally: Yeah. That's funny.

Brennan: Ruby. And then what did Cumulous and Theo get?

Murph: 3.

Zac: 12.

Lou: What'd you get, Theo?

Murph: What?

Lou: What'd you roll?

Murph: A 3. I have a +0 to Dex.

Brennan: Caramelinda is going to act on Amethar's turn.

Siobhan: Can Caramelinda fight? Does she—

Brennan: You saw her cast magic earlier. You saw her do that caramel thing—

Siobhan: Right, yeah. Okay. Man, everybody was so cool and they never let us
know.

Brennan: Okay. This is going to be a very different battle.

Zac: Brennan just punches me in the face.

(cast laughing)

Lou: Let's go!

Siobhan: Oh shit!

Ally: This is gonna be a very different battle. [mimes punching]

Murph: Can I use my reaction to-

Siobhan: [indistinct] He’s been getting buff.

Zac: Stop!

Lou: The dome opens up, and there's like 10 dudes all dressed like the
Pillsbury Doughman.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: A big-ass carrot.

Murph: Oh no.

Brennan gets out some extremely tiny minis of the party to compensate for the
very big map size.

Siobhan: Oh my god, we're so tiny!

Brennan: Cumulous.

Lou: Oh, god.

Siobhan: [sadly] Oh, there's a Jet one.

Lou: You know, why do you make me mad at you before you do cool stuff?

Brennan: That's Cumulous, this one is I believe Amethar?

Lou: Yeah, that's me.

Brennan: That's Amethar. They're very itty bitty.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: This is Theobald.

Lou: Oh, my fucking heart.

Brennan: This is Liam.

[Lou sighs heavily]

Brennan: This is Ruby. And I'm gonna go get Caramelinda right now.

Siobhan: May I have Jet to fight alongside me? As a good luck charm.

Brennan: We will have Jet, here is tiny little Jet.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Ally: Aww.

Siobhan: Oh, she's so cool. Look at how tiny she is.

Brennan: Wonderful.

Zac: Damn, those are small.

Murph: Where's our cheese boy? Where's our cheese bud?

Brennan: Your cheese bud is in Dulcington, in the harbor, right here. You all
come out of a doorway, this doorway right here, that is off the other side of
the table. You crawl up through the rocks and we are going to start here. I'm
gonna very quickly look up.

Siobhan: Has it been an hour since I cast Invisibility?

Brennan: Has it been an hour since you cast Invisibility. Go ahead and roll
6d10 for me.

Siobhan: I need just one more.

Murph: You need more d10?

Lou: [whispering to Zac] What's happening? Why is she rolling these d10?

Siobhan: 10, 20, 31, 35.

Zac: [whispering in response] They're minutes.

Lou: [softly] Oh, minutes. You're a smart boy.

Brennan: 35? You have 25 minutes of Invisibility left.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Brennan: Which should be all you need. You all arrive, and this is gonna be
Caramelinda right here, who's next to Amethar. So, you guys arrive here, this
is gonna be a very different type of battle. You're trying to get to

the ship in the harbor. Not only trying to get the ship in the harbor, but
those sailors are probably at this point fast asleep, so getting there is not
enough, it's getting there with enough time to rouse the crew and set sail.
You look in the castle and see torches being lit, and the banners of House
Rocks being cut, and the banners of House Cruller beginning to unfurl on the
parapets of Castle Candy. That is going to be- So what's gonna happen is, you
guys tell me what it is you're trying to do, this is going to be a mixture of
battle and roleplay, because we're at a whole different mini scale and there's
a lot of

stuff that can happen.

Siobhan: Are these tents in front of us empty, or are there people there?

Brennan: No, you, in fact, can't- Actually, make a Perception check.

Siobhan: Nat 20.

Brennan: You hear soldiers rousing in the tents.

Ruby: There's people in the tents.

Theobald: Should we just run past them?

Amethar: Do we wait?

Cumulous: Do you hear anything about how many there are?

Amethar: Could you do—

Siobhan: Yeah, can I, with a nat 20?

Brennan: Oh, on a nat 20, there's, in those tents, probably two dozen, and
then some more maybe in the church.

Siobhan: Okay.

Murph: Is there- What is down—

Zac: This is like a rocky side down here.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: And Liam can see—

Brennan: And anyone can give me a Nature or Survival check for information
about the surrounding area.

Siobhan: Right, we know this area.

Ally: 20.

Brennan: 20?

Zac: Nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20? Cumulous, you look around and put your senses deep into the
earth for a moment. There are even more bivouacked tents. So this is all
mountains up behind you that you'd have to scale and could potentially be-
Like mountain climbing at night is not a very wise proposition. The road is
obviously gonna be watched and there are more Cruller infantry bivouacked out
there past Dulcington. The river flows back out to sea that way, and while
there's more stuff, well, downstream will take you past Cruller, upstream gets
really quickly into- Wraps around back to the north and gets into the Great
Stone Candy Mountains. It's possible to sail up that river quite a ways, and
especially if Manta Ray's people are rowing, you can clear a lot of distance
past the road, and do it much faster, and more importantly, in a way that you
can't be tracked.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: We won't be tracked if we did what? Sorry.

Brennan: If you take the river, it's impossible to track you. If you go into
the woods, you hear the barking of hot hounds.

Murph: Right. So that'll help us with our escape, but first we need to get to
the docks, so right now we don't have a plan to get to the docks.

Theobald: Ruby.

Ruby: Yes.

Theobald: Do you perhaps want to work some of your magic? People have in the
past mistaken you for gods when you spoke in their mind, maybe I can help you
and together we can convince whoever the leader is around here, somebody who
looks like a senior officer, that the Bulb or Keradin Deeproot commands them
to charge in, because there's guards.

Amethar: Yeah, yeah.

Theobald: Let's do that.

Ruby: Charge into the castle?

Zac: Do you have Pass Without Trace?

Ally: No.

Theobald: And hopefully they'll charge out of the tents and we can run past
them.

Brennan: I will say also, something to bear in mind right now is that light
sources, the brightest light sources only go about one and a half of these. So
right now, you guys are just outside the torchlight from this camp, and just
outside- The castle can only see about an inch and a half.

Murph: And are there tents all in here?

Brennan: You can't, well actually, who got a nat 20? (points at Zac) You did?

Siobhan: I did. Oh, he did.

Brennan: Oh yeah. Yeah, there is nothing here, this is wide open field.

Zac: Okay, so we just go--

Murph: Why don't we just go?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: Let's just start creeping.

Ally: I'll just say also, I have Natural Explorer, so even when I'm engaged in
another activity while traveling, I remain alert to danger.

Brennan: Okay, is there a rule about you and your party moving stealthily and
it not reducing your speed? Can we look that up?

Ally: Yeah. Difficult terrain does not slow your group's travel, your group
can't become lost except by magical means, and then I remain alert to danger.

Brennan: Let me just see that real briefly, I wanna just see this.

Ruby: Liam, you rule.

Theobald: Yeah, Liam.

Amethar: Also, Theobald, great plan.

Liam: Yeah.

Theobald: Oh, thanks. We might not have to use it.

Brennan: If you are traveling alone, you can move stealthily at a normal pace,
so you guys, to move stealthily as a group, will need to--

Siobhan: Okay. That's fine.

Lou: I mean, I think we like, swing around, that feels good.

Zac: Yeah.

Siobhan: Can I use my Mage Hand on Theo's armor, to make it clank less?

Ally: Oh, yeah, yeah.

(Murph laughing)

Brennan: Can you use what?

Siobhan: My Mage Hand on Theo's armor to make it clank less?

Brennan: I'm gonna need a higher level spell to make his armor clank less.

Siobhan: Hmm. First level?

Brennan: A first level spell, what kinda spell do you wanna use?

Siobhan: Oh, you don't wanna, I can't just use Mage Hand as a first level
spell?

Brennan: If you use Mage Hand as a first level spell, I will let you take the

disadvantage away from him for a number of rounds equal to your level.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: How does that sound?

Siobhan: Seven rounds?

Murph: Sweet. That's great.

Brennan: Seven rounds.

Ally: So do you guys think that maybe I should travel ahead, because--

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: I don't hate that.

Murph: Yeah, why don't you take--

Zac: You're like the scout position.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: You know what, Ruby and I can keep a Message open with you and we'll
cast Message, you go ahead, you respond, we keep going.

Ally: Yeah, I'm just a little bit ahead. Honestly, I'm just in the front of
the pack, is what I mean.

Zac: I’m like a little behind you.

Murph: Right, so we'll just stay back.

Lou: Let’s do it.

Ally: Cool, let's do it.

Murph: Okay, so--

Ally: Let's make our move.

Murph: Liam's gonna stealth ahead.

Ally: What is Caramelinda capable of? What are we--

Brennan: She's a spellcaster. She's just looking at Amethar.

Ally: Does she have any heals or anything that she can help--

Brennan: She doesn't have any heals.

Ally: -like a Medicine check or something.

Brennan: Okay. You guys are gonna begin sneaking. All that needs to happen
right now, the passive Perception you guys are trying to beat right now is 16,
and it's a group check.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Something I will also say is that Liam obviously is gonna have a way
easier time doing that on his own, but it will also deprive the group of the
ability to use his rolls, does that make sense? 'cause we need you five and
Caramelinda to as a group have half of you beat a 16 or higher on a Stealth
check.

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: Okay. How is Caramelinda's Stealth? How stealthy is she?

Brennan: She's pretty stealthy. She can be.

Zac: I have plus 5.

Siobhan: Yeah, I have plus 7 to Stealth.

Ally: Plus 4.

Lou: Plus 3.

Brennan: You have more than plus 4 to Stealth, homie. [takes Ally’s character
sheet]

Zac: Oh, could I just like make a Medicine check?

Brennan: Oh, did you take, no, but I thought- Didn't you take expertise in
Stealth?

Ally: I thought so, yeah.

Brennan: Proficiency, yeah- Hold on a second, this is wrong. That should've
been updated, my apologies.

Ally: No problem.

Brennan: You have a plus 10 to Stealth.

Ally: Great.

Lou: There you go, homeboy.

Siobhan: There we go.

Ally: There we go.

Siobhan: That's right. That's better.

Ally: That feels cool.

Brennan: There you go.

Ally: Thank you.

Brennan: So is Liam gonna go ahead, or is he gonna stay with you guys?

Ally: I'm staying with the group, yeah. I'm just in the front of the group I
think, yeah. I'm like a few steps ahead.

Brennan: All right, we're gonna make some rolls now. We'll do the seven rounds
that you're working. You're still invisible, so you're going to roll with
advantage, so you're gonna roll with advantage, no one else is rolling with
advantage.

Siobhan: Can I use Yak to give my dad advantage?

Brennan: Yeah, you can do that.

Murph: Can Sprinkle help me?

Brennan: Yes, that is all okay.

Murph: Oh boy.

Zac: Can I do- Who has the most Stealth? Because maybe I should just do it if-
Because we just have to have half of us pass.

Siobhan: Yeah, I just failed, I got a 14. Yeah, okay, I'll give Yak to Zac.

Zac: Just because one of us has to get it.

Lou: Yeah, take it.

Zac: Yeah, yeah, cool.

Murph: Oh, hell yeah, I got a 16. Passed.

Zac: Yes, I got it.

Brennan: Okay. Caramelinda failed.

Siobhan: I failed. I got a 14.

Brennan: That's two failures. Did Amethar fail?

Lou: 9 plus 3 is only 12, I failed.

Ally: 15.

Zac: I passed.

Brennan: Passed, passed, what'd you roll?

Ally: 15.

Brennan: All right, that's a failure. As you begin to move, you guys begin to
hear (imitates barking) behind you.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Theobald: Let's use that Message plan.

Ruby: Yeah.

Lou: Brilliant.

Murph: I'm gonna help Ruby, and we're going to try to- You have better
Persuasion than me, so I'll leave it to you.

Ally: Wait, were the dogs from the castle or they're from the camp?

Brennan: You hear dogs, hounds coming--

Murph: Just dogs?

Brennan: You just hear hounds.

Theobald: That might not work!

Siobhan: Oh shit!

Zac: I might run after the dogs.

Lou: You mean run back to fight--

Zac: Run back to fight the dogs.

Lou: Just you?

Zac: Yeah. I'm gonna do that.

Ally: Okay, we take off running.

Lou: Yeah, can we start--

Zac: Keep going.

Brennan: Do you guys wanna keep moving stealthily, or do you wanna start
running?

Ally: Keep moving, fuck you're right.

Lou: I mean-

Ally: We have so much ground to cover, I say let's keep moving stealthily.

Murph: Yeah, let's do it.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: We're gonna keep moving stealthily.

Brennan: Cumulous, you move one back. I'm gonna need another set of

Stealth rolls from all of you.

Lou: Can I have that advantage from Yak now?

Siobhan: Yes. I got a 19.

Murph: 11.

Zac: (pointing at Lou’s die) Nat 20.

Lou: Nat 20.

Ally: 23.

Brennan: Nat 20, 23, and what did you get?

Siobhan: I got a 19.

Brennan: Okay. You guys continue to move. Running straight through the
darkness, in between the torchlight, just down, (panting). That's your second
round of not having disadvantage because of full plate. Cumulous, you run
back. Give me a pure luck check, up or down, one through 10 on a d20 is bad.

Zac: 3.

Brennan: 3, okay.

Siobhan: Fuck!

(Murph sighs)

Brennan: Okay.

Theobald: Cumulous. You brave piece of cotton candy.

Brennan: Okay.

(Brennan sighing)

Murph: Oh, tiny dogs.

Ally: Cute.

Brennan: You see bun-covered hot dogs, these are hot hounds, rush up towards
you. I'm gonna roll initiative for them. What was your initiative again,
remind me?

Zac: Oh, from a while ago?

Brennan: From a while ago.

Zac: 12.

Brennan: 12, okay. Cool. Cumulous, you are surrounded on all sides by hot
hounds.

Zac: I'm gonna use Hour of Reaping to unsettle my targets and they have to
succeed on a Wisdom saving throw or be frightened by me until the end of my
next turn.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: How wise are these dogs?

Brennan: Not very wise. [whispering] Cumulous, okay.

Zac: And that means they would have to move away from me.

Brennan: Is that what it says?

Zac: Frightened condition is they have to spend their movement--

Brennan: Frightened condition is, they do not have to move away, they get
disadvantage on attacking you.

Zac: I thought they--

Siobhan: I think frightening, you have to run away--

Murph: Or they get disadvantage, I think they have to use their turn to move
as far away from you, and if they don't, they get disadvantage on whatever
they do.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: I thought that was what it was, but we can double-check.

Brennan: We will look this up right now.

Zac: 'Cause this only says frightened, so I don't have the info on--

Brennan: So the frightened condition alone, unless it makes them run, they
just have disadvantage on ability checks and attack rolls while the source of
its fears is within line of sight. The creature can't willingly move closer to
the source of its fear.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: One of them is successfully frightened, the other three are going to
attack you.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: Whoa.

Zac: Oh, as a bonus action, can I use, what's it called? Patient Defense, to
give myself the dodge action?

Brennan: You're gonna use a ki point to do Patient Defense? Yes, you can.
That's a miss, and there's two more. Both misses as well. You hold them at
bay. Go ahead and make a Stealth check as you're fighting them.

Zac: That is a 20.

Brennan: You manage to fight silently enough that no one is alerted to your
presence.

Zac: Am I still fighting them?

Brennan: You are, but now we're gonna do another turn for the people that are
stealthing. Go ahead and give me another Stealth check.

Murph: Fail. 9.

Siobhan: Pass.

Ally: Pass, 27.

Siobhan: 23.

Lou: 17.

Murph: Thanks, guys.

(Brennan sighs)

Brennan: Caramelinda and Theo do not pass, the rest pass.

Lou: That's more than half though.

Brennan: That's more than half.

Siobhan: I rolled nat 1s on my lower roll for both of these.

Brennan: Which path are you headed, are you headed for this--

Ally: No, no, the most direct to get there.

Murph: We will cross through the river, if need be, like whatever we gotta do.

Siobhan: Yeah, maybe that's even better, we should not cross the bridge.
Doesn’t look particularly—

Ally: Just go straight to the port, whatever is most direct.

Brennan: Straight to port? Okay.

Ally: Where's the port?

Siobhan: Yeah, it's here, so maybe we should even come down this way.

Ally: We would even go there, yeah.

Lou: No, but the river flows this way, so I think fording the river on this
side is tough, I think that like, threading that needle right there.

Siobhan: Where precisely is the boat? Can you, so this is the boat?

Brennan: Yeah, that's the boat right there.

Lou: But both bridges have- It looks like there’s some-

Siobhan: And how far away is this from here?

Brennan: Quite far, probably like, if you're moving stealthily, a couple
rounds of movement.

Murph: I mean, if we get to the water, it'll probably be easier for us to—

Siobhan: But is it less than 120 feet, is what I'm asking?

Murph: Maybe not be in full plate, but—

Brennan: Each of these is 25 feet.

Ally: Can I do, while we're—

Siobhan: Yes, that's less than 120.

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah, 'cause that's one, two, three, four, oh, that's like--

Brennan: Many rounds of movement.

Siobhan: Yeah, but if we get to here, that's less than 120 feet from there.

Brennan: That's true, yeah.

Siobhan: Okay.

Ally: We don’t have Jump or anything, right?

Siobhan: So that's the distance of Message. So we could at least like, avoid
these bridges, because--

Brennan: Cumulous, that's gonna be you.

Zac: Okay, I am going to take a Stunning Strike on the frightened dog.

Brennan: Okay. You have advantage on this.

Zac: I do, oh, 'cause he's, okay. What's that? Oh, that's a 9. 18?

Brennan: 18 hits.

Zac: Okay. So that would be 1d8. So should I just roll my second attack as
well?

Brennan: Roll your damage for your first one first.

Zac: That is 12.

Brennan: You kill this hound with the crack of your staff. Crack!

Zac: And I'm gonna take my second attack on just the nearest dog.

Brennan: Yeah, don't roll advantage yet, just roll straight attack.

Zac: That is 25.

Brennan: That hits. Go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: 12 again.

Brennan: Kills it.

(imitates canine yelp)

Zac: And then I'm going to Flurry.

Siobhan: Fuck him up.

Murph: Kill the dog dude.

Brennan: What's that?

Zac: Flurry.

Brennan: Flurry, yep.

Zac: Two attacks. 19, so that first one hits.

Murph: Nice!

Zac: And then I'll roll the second one as well. 14?

Brennan: 14 hits.

Zac: Okay. So this is 1d6 plus 5.

Murph: Cumulous is just made for this.

Zac: First one's 6.

Brennan: Okay, it doesn't go down.

Zac: And then I'm hitting it again. For 9 more.

Brennan: In a flurry, (grunting), you take out all of these.

Lou: Wow!

Brennan: Or all but one, yeah, three of the four hounds.

Lou: Still.

Brennan: Are taken out. I'm going to need a Stealth check to not alert anyone
else, the DC is 16.

Murph: Come on!

Zac: 15.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: One of the dogs, (imitates canine yelp), yelps, and you hear a voice
in the tent say,

Soldier: Something out there's hurting the dogs.

Brennan: That is going to go back to the-

Ally: Do we have Message open with him?

Zac: Might be too far away, but-

Siobhan: It's about far enough, you know, that's less than—

Brennan: 9 plus… That is not enough to hit Cumulous.

Zac: What- Is it the dog?

Brennan: The dog, yeah. Misses you, another round of Stealth from everybody.

Lou: Okay.

Murph: Yes, 16!

Siobhan: Yeah, passed.

Murph: Passed.

Siobhan: 25.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: 21.

Lou: Thank god, I failed. 12.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Thank god for Sprinkle, every day.

Lou: Every day.

Murph: Thank god for Sprinkle.

Lou: What happened to your cool ruler?

Brennan: What did happen to my cool ruler? Did someone take it?

Siobhan: No, I gave it back to you.

Lou: What happened to your cruler?

Murph: I broke it over my knee and then flushed it down the toilet.

Siobhan: Yeah, stick it up your ass, dude.

Brennan: I found it, it's partially see-through.

Ally: I get advantage on Survival while traveling. Can I check and see like,
if we're getting close into anymore enemy territory, or like what's ahead?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Survival check.

Ally: Ooh. Nat 20.

Murph: Nat 20!

Brennan: Both of these bridges are policed by active, awake military, you can
hear them.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: That's going to go back to be Cumulous's turn.

Siobhan: If we aim for here, if Sir Theobald, if you can get to here and
Message him, then he can come and pick us up here.

Brennan: Remember, more of Cruller’s-

Siobhan: Right, we don't know what's going on over here.

Brennan: That’s the way back to Port Syrup, that's the way to the Great Stone
Candy Mountains, there are more of Cruller's men that way, but it's up to you.

Siobhan: But he can at least pick us up here and then turn back around.

Murph: I think this is the shortest. Like we're gonna have to do crazy Stealth
checks, but I don't know. I'll leave it up to a vote, but-

Lou: I’m personally- I'm invested in-

Murph: Getting Jet? Me too.

Siobhan: I would like to get Jet.

Brennan: Okay. That is Cumulous, what is Cumulous gonna do?

Zac: Cumulous is killing the last dog.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Damn right he is.

Zac: Oh and I have 10 extra hit points, because I've killed three dogs.

(cast laughing)

Murph: He just is fueled by it.

Lou: My man just wanted to murder.

Zac: 19, so that's 1d8. And then, so-

Brennan: How much did you get on that first one?

Zac: Did 7 damage on the first hit.

Brennan: Okay. That doesn't do it.

Zac: Another hit, I believe, 16?

Brennan: 16 hits.

Zac: And then 9 damage.

Brennan: Boom, boom, you deal 9 points of damage. I'm going to need a Stealth
check from you again, at disadvantage.

Zac: 10.

Murph: Fuck!

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Fuck, fuck, fuck fuck fuck!

Brennan: From one of these tents, a Vegetanian knight saddles up and begins
to-

Siobhan: Shit!

Brennan: Approach you with a torch. Rides up past you here, and says, holding
up a torch, you're in the middle of the light as the knight rides up and goes,
he's this sort of like radish-looking knight, says,

Radish knight: Candian, are you of House Cruller?

Zac: I use Hour of Reaping again.

Brennan: You've used your action to do—

Zac: Oh, yes. I'm going to bonus action Flurry of Blows him.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Nice.

Zac: 25 or something?

Brennan: 25 hits.

Zac: And then 16?

Brennan: 16 does not hit.

Murph: Oh, shit.

Zac: 8 damage on the first attack.

Brennan: 8 damage on the first attack, okay. You swing out and kind of dink
his plate armor. There are two knights in the back of that chariot.

Ally: For three total, or for two?

Brennan: For two total and their steeds. We're gonna go back to our sneakers.

Ally: I want to, with my Perception, I think I'm probably aware that
something's going on back there. How far away is that?

Brennan: From you right now? That is one, two, three, four, five. That is 125
feet away.

Ally: I can shoot it with my bow. I take an attack.

Murph: Do you wanna shoot a horse in the butt?

Ally: No, I wanna kill the two people and take the chariot so that we can ride
that.

Murph: We'd have to run all the way back there.

Siobhan: No, he can ride it over to us.

Murph: Oh, shit.

Brennan: Okay. I'm gonna give you a heads up, 'cause you can absolutely do
this. That's going to alert them to your position. Just so you know.

Zac: Just that chariot, right?

Brennan: If an arrow comes out of the dark, that's gonna mean something.

Murph: I think us riding a chariot is also maybe not the best idea. As fast as
it would be, it would be crazy loud.

Siobhan: I can cast Disguise Self again.

Ally: We have two people with Disguise Self in our party, though.

Siobhan: You have Disguise Self, don't you?

Brennan: I'm gonna say that we actually can't have this much conversation. So
what's Liam doing?

Ally: I'm shooting them.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: (laughs) I get Sneak Attack, right?

Brennan: Yeah, you do. Yeah, you get advantage.

Ally: (Ally whistles) Crit.

Brennan: Nat 20.

Ally: Okay, so I'm gonna be casting Hail of Thorns, second level, which means
I get—

[Lou laughs, impressed]

Murph: You can double that too, right?

Ally: Yep, 2d10, I get this for Sneak Attack.

Brennan: So it's 2d10, 2d6 for Sneak Attack.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: If you're doing Hail of Thorns, that's another 4d10?

Siobhan: And it's his first attack.

Ally: Yeah, so I'm gonna get a d8.

Siobhan: Right? Or does the-

Brennan: Yeah, and that's gonna double as well.

Ally: Okay, cool, 2d8, okay.

Zac: Jesus!

Ally: 13, 19, 24, 32, 37, 41, 47 plus 8 twice.

Brennan: Plus 8 twice?

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: Two arrows.

Zac: Is that two different attacks, or is that one?

Ally: It's just the first attack.

Brennan: You ice this knight through his helmet and he falls out of the
chariot dead.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Murph: Oh, hell yeah.

Ally: And you're watching this, right?

Brennan: Okay, now I'm going to roll, so that's Liam.

Ally: That's the first attack, though. 'Cause if it's-

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: I get three total, right?

Brennan: That's true, you get three total.

Ally: And I get 10 extra to travel? Right, if I wanted to go—

Brennan: You do get 10 extra feet of movement. If you wanted to take a step
back, you could. But go ahead and give me the other two attacks.

Ally: 19, yeah, 29.

Brennan: Hits.

Ally: So then, and oh, the person next to him took half of that attack, you
know?

Brennan: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, takes- So that's gonna be-

Siobhan: From Hail of Thorns.

Brennan: You did second level, right?

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: So Hail of Thorns, is that a d8 or a d10?

Ally: That was 2d10s that I rolled.

Brennan: So you're gonna do 2d10 to the other guy, too. Go for it.

Ally: Okay, yeah, yeah. So I forget what I rolled on that, though.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll a save for him. Fail. Go ahead and roll 2d10.

Ally: Sure, 14.

Brennan: Jesus, okay, do your other two attacks.

Ally: Okay. I just rolled for that second attack.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Ally: So that's just gonna be a d10.

Brennan: I don't think you add anything else, right?

Ally: Right.

Brennan: You used Sneak Attack.

Ally: I used Sneak Attack.

Brennan: You can't do another bonus action spell.

Ally: I already used the d8, right, which I doubled, okay, yeah, yeah, okay,
cool. So that's 7 plus 8 is 15, so then that's another 15.

Brennan: 14.

Ally: So 14 and 15, 29.

Murph: Wow!

Brennan: So that's 29. Not down.

Ally: Okay, then I'll roll my third attack.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Yeah, 28.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage for this one.

Lou: Who is this boy?

Murph: (softly laughing) Seriously.

Ally: That's 13.

Brennan: Dropped.

Ally: Cool.

Lou: Jesus!

Brennan: Two knights.

Ally: Then do I do a Stealth check?

Brennan: Do a Stealth check to see if anything happens. Gotta beat a 16.

Ally: Come on! Yeah, 24.

Murph: [laughs] Unbelievable! I am sorry for ever doubting you, Liam.

Brennan: [staring into the camera] Who is Liam Wilhelmina?

Ally: I'm a war guy now.

Siobhan: He's a seed guy, he's a war guy. He's both.

Zac: I think Cumulous just watches all these arrows right into these people in
front of him and is just sort of like,

Cumulous: Yes.

Ally: Oh, and then can one of you Message, "take the horses and go?"

Zac: I might kill the horses, guys, I'm sorry.

Ally: No, I'm gonna kill you, dog!

Lou: No, I think it's the right—

Brennan: Here's the thing. Cumulous, you are in torchlight, which means that
everyone on the castle walls has spotted you, and I'm going to make a
Perception check in the Box of Doom right now, they get a plus 2.

[tense Box of Doom music]

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: I'm just seeing if they, like- ‘Cause they definitely see these guys
fall, it's just about if they see Cumulous at the edge of the torchlight or
not.

Zac: I hope they do.

Brennan: On an 8 or higher, they notice Cumulous. That's a 14. They shout, I'm
gonna roll some more initiative real quick. Hold on. (sighs) Okay. That is
less than Cumulous, but that is still not very good. Okay. That was Liam. Now
everyone else, when Liam does that, do you wanna continue to sneak or do you
do anything? Do you wait for Liam as Liam ices those two knights or do you
continue stealthing?

Siobhan: Here's what I would like to do, which is maybe shenanigans, but let
me know. Is I would like to- So I have a thief's lantern, a hooded lantern?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: I would like to light that, have my Mage Hand carry it away and then
open the hood up so it's like a distraction. It's like a floating light around
that's like going up and down as if- Like far enough away from us that if
arrows go anywhere near.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me Deception with advantage.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: That's not shenanigans, that just rules.

Siobhan: Great. 17.

Brennan: I was gonna say, gotta beat a 15.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You hold the lantern out, feel your Mage Hand grab it, and feel a
small kiss on your cheek as the lantern begins to rush off into the night, and
you see arrows from the castle walls fly after it. The other people there,
'cause Liam's taken a turn this round of not sneaking, so neither Liam nor
Ruby may advance this round, the rest of you, are you just gonna hold tight?

Murph: Can we carry Liam and Ruby? Just like, scoop them up and-

Brennan: You'll auto fail the Stealth check.

Lou: So should we...

Zac: Just wait.

Lou: I think we-

Murph: We'll just prepare.

Siobhan: I mean, I-

Murph: We'll hold our turns, I guess.

Brennan: Cool, you guys hold your turns. Cumulous, you act before the next
people to act.

Zac: Are there- So the torches are just on the cart?

Brennan: On the chariot, yes.

Zac: I'm gonna get in the chariot and I'm gonna try to ride it. Can I make a-

Brennan: Make an Animal Handling. This is just an Animal Handling check. We'll
call it a DC 10.

Zac: Nat 20.

Brennan stares in shock.

Siobhan: Yes.

Ally: Yes!

Zac: So, can I tell you what I wanna do?

Brennan: Please tell me what you wanna do.

Zac: I'm going to get in the chariot and I'm gonna ride the horses off this
cliff.

Siobhan: What?

Zac: In the wrong direction.

[Brennan claps, impressed]

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: [directly to the camera] This game fuckin' rules.

Cumulous: I'm sorry, beautiful beasts.

Ally: Yeah, I don't know, this kind of a pattern, Cumulous.

Cumulous: I'm not sorry.

Murph: They are like carrots, so, if you think of them as that instead of
being horses, it's a lot easier.

Brennan: These ballista are going to fire on you, however.

Zac: Okay. How far are they?

Brennan: While you're in the torchlight, they've got you in range, 'cause
these are not crossbows, these are mounted, huge, castle defense-

Zac: I can't snuff out the torches?

Siobhan: On a nat 20?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me Sleight of, on a nat 20, you got it. So I'll
lower the DC, just give me a DC 10 Sleight of Hand check.

Murph: Come on.

Siobhan: Yes.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: You leap in the chariot, grab the torches, hurl them to either side
where they disappear into the grass. They have disadvantage on all their
attacks. That's gonna be a hit still.

Zac: Can I deflect it?

[Murph laughs]

Brennan: That's another hit. That's a miss. These are gonna be a lot of
goddamn damage, my man. What is Cumulous at right now?

Zac: 62.

Brennan: This first one is 6, 10, 16, 24 points of damage from the first one.

Zac: How much can I take away?

Brennan: You can take away- What does it say you roll?

Zac: 1d10 plus 12, so that one hits me for two.

Brennan: Well, if you roll a 10, it does. So go ahead and roll 1d10.

Zac: Okay. That's 18.

Brennan: So you take 6 points of damage.

Zac: I'm still at 4.

Brennan: The next one deals 14, 19, 21, 29 points of damage on the next one.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Huge, (imitates whooshing), like spiraled hard candy spears are-

Zac: 29, so that's 35.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Zac: So, I'm at… Cumulous is at 17.

(Brennan sighs)

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Cumulous, on a nat 20, you jump in that chariot, leave the two
knights' dead bodies and ride it into the crevasse.

Zac: Start riding it that way. Will I have another turn before I go off the
edge?

Brennan: Yes, you'll have another turn before you go off the edge. All right,
Cumulous.

Lou: Okay, Cumulous.

Brennan: Okay.

Crew Member: (off-camera) Can I see the Box of Doom real quick?

Brennan: Yep. [hands it over] It is your guys' next turn.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: All right.

Brennan: And we talked about Pass-

  
Murph: Cumulous knows what he's doing.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: Yeah, okay.

Ally: I cast Pass Without a Trace on our party, including Cumulous.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: What is the range on Pass Without a Trace?

Ally: Just says Self, so does that mean touch?

Brennan: Let me see the spell real quick?

Siobhan: You can definitely cast it on-

Ally: It says like you and everyone in your party.

Brennan: Each creature you choose within 30 feet of you.

Ally: Oh, within 30 feet, oh, okay.

Brennan: Cumulous can't be included, everybody else can. You cast Pass Without
Trace, everyone gets plus 10 to their Stealth checks. Do you guys want to
continue to do half movement, or do you wanna take disadvantage with the idea-

Ally: Let's do it, 'cause I'm an automatic pass. I have a plus 10 to Stealth
and that's a second plus 10, so.

Murph: Okay, alright. Let's just move faster. We’re gonna move faster.

Siobhan: Yeah, and I have Yak, and I'm still invisible, right?

Ally: Can you Message before we're out of range from Cumulous, to let him know
where we're going?

Murph: So advantage becomes regular now. Because we lose our- Because it's
disadvantage.

Brennan: You get disadvantage, so advantage becomes regular. If you were just
rolling regular before-

Siobhan: And we get plus 10.

Brennan: And you get plus 10 to whatever you normally add.

Lou: Great. And so are you taking the eagle back? Are you taking Yak back?

Siobhan: No, I have advantage 'cause I'm invisible.

Lou: Great, so I have-

Murph: You're just regular, I'm regular.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: [Pointing at Siobhan, Murph, Lou, Ally and himself] So regular,
regular, regular, disadvantage, disadvantage.

Ally: I don't even need to roll, right?

Brennan: You do need to roll, 'cause you could hit a nat 1.

Ally: Oh, okay, okay.

Siobhan: Yeah. 25.

Murph: 20.

Lou: 24.

Brennan: You pass and you guys start booking it.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Ally: I got a 36 on that roll.

(cast laughing)

Siobhan: With disadvantage? Wild.

Brennan: You see that Liam whisks this dark and you feel something, (roaring).
You feel the call of something like the Hungry One, but not the Hungry One.
(feral screeching and growling)

Ally: [whispering] Sick.

Brennan: You continue moving, and Liam you feel that familiar feeling you felt
before, when you were running through Comida. Cumulous, it's your turn.

Zac: Okay, as these horses fly off the edge, I'm going to jump in the air and
cast Gaseous Form.

(Brennan laughing)

(cast clapping)

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Siobhan: So sick!

Brennan: You full "Thelma and Louise" this Vegetanian chariot over the edge of
the crevasse. (imitates neighing and rolling down the mountain) Sad.

(Ally laughs)

Murph: They're vegetables.

Brennan: These horses did nothing to deserve this, but neither did anyone
else. Life is chaos, what's up?

Zac: Do I get 10 temporary hit points from the death of the horses?

(Murph laughs)

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: You fucking maniac!

Brennan: Yes, I'm gonna say you can-

Lou: Ruthless.

Brennan: Ruthless, hold on one second.

Zac: Look, I am a war guy through and through.

Brennan: Incredible. Cumulous, you go full gaseous. You are a piece of mist in
the deep dark of night.

Zac: They can't see me, right?

Brennan: No, there's not a fuckin' chance.

Zac: Okay. Then I wanted to like kind of seem like I was going that way and
then double back.

Brennan: Cool. I mean, on that nat 20, you hear shouts of like,

Soldiers: The fugitives, they've escaped! They are driving chariots into the
crevasse! It's some kind of trick! Fire arrows in there!

Brennan: Yeah. That worked. You make a huge commotion over here. So all that
people saw was these two guys fall out of their thing dead, but you know,
tracking a crossbow bolt moving through 10 feet of torchlight in the middle of
the night is not gonna give you an exact bead on direction, and as the chariot
peels off, they think that you are escaping that way, and a little cloud of
pink mist rises up into the air right over here. Awesome, okay. Back to your
guys' turn. Let's do another round of Stealth rolls.

Murph: 24.

Lou: 25.

Brennan: Pass, great.

Ally: 30.

Siobhan: So many.

Brennan: You guys are dead sprinting now.

Ally: And where are we trying to go, again? Aren't we trying to cross over
here?

Lou: I think we're trying to ford the river.

Brennan: Trying to ford the river right there? Cool.

Ally: Trying to get right there, yeah.

Brennan: Scooch you guys a little bit over. You can feel the grass. You
actually, Liam, hear the grass here, like the bright purple, deep, sweet
smelling Candian grass whispering to you as you run over it in the midst of
your family and friends, going,

Grass: [whispering] We'll keep your secret, we'll keep your secret for you,
Liam. We won't tell anyone, we won't even make a noise as you run over us. Get
to safety.

Liam: [whispering] I appreciate it. Thanks for including me.

Theobald: Liam, who are you talking to?

Liam: [running] Thank you for including me. Thank you.

(Brennan and Ally laughing)

Lou: [Mimicking Ally’s run] This run on Liam is perfect.

Brennan: Dead fucking sprint. Okay, Cumulous, you're just like floating up and
out?

Zac: Yes and trying to get back to them.

Brennan: Cool. I will say this. You are safe as can fuckin' be, Gaseous Form's
movement is 10 feet per round. On a move and a dash, that's 20 feet per round,
which is less than an inch per round.

Murph: Which is the way to the mountain?

Zac: That way.

Murph: That way?

Ally: Isn't it up here? Isn't this-

Brennan: Yeah, the river goes out this way and wraps around over here.

Zac: I just don't wanna leave y'all in this town.

Brennan: The point is they'll get there a million miles before-

Zac: Sure, sure.

Brennan: But I will keep track, you'll be heading there, by the time they get
there, if you're just- There is nothing that can- You're a puff of pink mist
in the invisible night, I cannot make something happen to you in good
conscience and call myself a fair DM.

Zac: Sure. Also, it lasts for an hour. I'm wondering if I should follow you
guys as closely as possible, and then once you're on the boat, hmm.

Murph: We're moving 60 feet a round.

Zac: 60 feet a round?

Ally: I mean, you know which direction the boat would go, if you were gonna
try to catch up.

Zac: Maybe I'll just try to catch up. Can I get to like, a little bit further
ahead and then come out of it?

Brennan: What I'm saying is, as a cloud, there is no catching up.

Murph: You move 10 feet.

Zac: Right, I just wanna get out of any possible search radiuses, undo the
cloud, and maybe run to catch up to them. I wonder if it’s worth it though.

Brennan: Okay. That does change stuff, but you are still in this hot spot area
over here where they were seeing some shit happen. So-

Zac: Can I, hmm. I just don't know what's gonna be in fuckin' town.

Brennan: Well, let's say this, if you're just moving after them, you're moving
after them, and you know, when you get out of the way, you get out of the way.

Zac: That's as far as I went?

Brennan: Yep. That's 10 feet. If you do a double move, you do 20. That's going
to be, you guys again, give me another set of Stealth checks.

Siobhan: Yeah, so high.

Murph: 20.

Ally: Hell yeah. 25.

Siobhan: 32.

Lou: 16 is what we have to hit?

Brennan: 16's what you have to hit.

Lou: Cool, exactly 16.

Ally: [softly] Hell yeah.

Brennan: [moves them along his ruler] Incredible.

Siobhan: So my movement is actually 70 feet.

Brennan: Mm-hmm. If you want to peel ahead of your family, you can, but the
slowest person right now is Theo. And Caramelinda are both moving at 30.

Siobhan: Yeah, no, I guess I'll stay with everybody else.

Ally: Can I do another like, Survival check to see what we're coming up
against.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Okay, that is 15.

Brennan: Sorry, 15? Okay, Survival check? You don't hear many voices in the
town. You hear, there's like some soldiers stirring and you hear some horns up
in the castle, so maybe like one or two windows are being lit in the town.

Ally: I have like tracking on my Caloran enemies, though. Am I able to like
track where-

Brennan: If you wanna do Primeval Awareness, you can, you won't be able to
move if you do that, that would be your action, but-

Siobhan: Maybe I can pick him up.

Brennan: But the important thing is, yeah, I mean, the town has mostly
sleeping people in it. There's not a lot of riddles here. This is mostly just
you guys trying to get the fuck outta here as fast as you can.

Ally: Okay, cool, cool.

Siobhan: Do these bridges seem like the people around them are waking up, or
are they-

Brennan: Yeah, the bridges-

Ally: The bridges are occupied by military.

Siobhan: Right, right, oh right, and they're fully awake.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Can I send my Mage Hand thing towards this bridge?

Brennan: This bridge right here? Yes you can.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Begins to move that way. You can see soldiers in the torchlight over
here. You're deep in darkness in the field. But the soldiers in the torchlight
begin to approach the lantern and start calling for it to stop and then begin
firing arrows at it.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Let's do another round of Stealth.

Murph: 24.

Siobhan: Yeah, 22.

Lou: 24 as well.

Ally: 25.

Brennan: You guys make it to this haystack, rushing across the pass.

Lou: I turn back.

Amether: I mean, what do we wanna do with Cumulous?

Theobald: Cumulous knows what he's- He's sent here to protect us. We need to
get out.

Ruby: He's a spy.

Amether: Great, we'll keep moving.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check on this hay bale?

Brennan: Do an Insight check on the hay bale?

Ally: Mhmm.

Brennan: Okay. Go for it.

Ally: Nat 1.

Siobhan: I'll also do an Insight check on the hay bale.

Brennan: This hay bale is your enemy, it's full of enemies.

Ally has their face in their hand.

Siobhan: Great, yeah, I got a 3. It's full of enemies.

Ally: I take out my bow. No, I'm kidding.

Brennan: You guys wanna spend more time on this hay bale or should we keep
going?

Siobhan: No no no, we're good. What about the vulture?

Ally: Let's go, let's go.

Brennan: All right, give me another round of Stealth and then Cumulous, you
move another 20. Boop.

Siobhan: Yep. 27.

Brennan: Passed.

Ally: 33.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: 26.

Lou: 16.

Brennan: You guys make it to the river, or you're almost to the river. All
right, and Cumulous, you, peep. You guys begin to see the gate opens and
multiple knights begin to peel out of the gate. That's going to be your guys',
Cumulous. Beep.

Zac: Can I head towards this?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Instead?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Cool, you go over here. Let's get another round of Stealth checks.

Lou: Can I do like a knowledge local check for which one of these buildings is
the pull-away, or, yeah, just ask for it.

Murph: Do we know which one's the lingerie store?

Brennan: This is the lingerie store.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: Great. And can I—

Brennan: [to the camera] In a town of 800, there is a fully stocked lingerie
store.

Lou: With attic.

Siobhan: Look, this is Malibu, baby. You gotta have that lingerie store. I
would love to, if you will allow me, to lift the lamp up with my Mage Hand and
smash it into one of these tents so it sets it on fire.

Brennan: Give me, you're not gonna be able to move that turn, if that's your
action. Go ahead and give me an attack roll.

Siobhan: Great. With plus Dex?

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: 12?

Brennan: Yeah, you smash it onto the base, and you see that this tent over
here catches fire. Go ahead, everyone but Ruby, and give me a Stealth check.

Ally: 28.

Murph: Well, I'm not gonna leave Ruby there.

Siobhan: Actually, using my Mage Hand is a bonus action.

Brennan: Oh, it's a bonus action, that's right. Yeah, go ahead, yeah,
nevermind.

Murph: Oh, great.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm good.

Murph: Ooh, I only got a 15 that time.

Siobhan: Yeah, I got like a 38.

Brennan: 15?

Lou: Also over 30.

Brennan: Also over 30, great. Wait, so and Liam passed as well?

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: You guys make it to the river. What do you do at the river to ford to
the other side?

Murph: How big is it, what do we see?

Brennan: It's only about like fifteen, twenty feet across.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So it is, you...

Murph: Can you long jump your Strength?

Brennan: You can long jump close to Strength. What's your Strength again?

Murph: 18.

Brennan: 18.

Siobhan: So strong. I can Mage Hand a rope across.

Brennan: That's true. Oh, your long jump is 18 feet horizontally.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Oh, and if I'm 20?

Brennan: You're 20, you're even more than that.

Murph: Great, you wanna take a rope?

Ally: I'm 16, can I make it?

Brennan: This is, I'm not even, everyone just roll an Athletics check.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: I rolled a nat 1.

Murph: Oh my god.

Brennan: Nat 1? okay.

Siobhan: Man, these rolls.

Lou: 14.

Murph: Oh my god.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: 26.

Ally: Nat 20.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Ooh. You do your Mage Hand, set the fire, as you're doing that, you
go to jump and there's a huge splash in the river as you go to ford it.

Ally: With a nat 20, can I try to grab her and stop her from like, going down
the river?

Brennan: With a nat 20, you can. You guys pull up on the other side here. I'm
gonna put you all over here. As you are there, I'm going to- That's gonna be
Cumulous's turn.

Zac: Just thought of this, but like, do I know anything about if there are any
more of those teleportation runes around?

Brennan: Here's the deal, man. You have a movement of 10 and you are
invincible and you have no threat of being caught. If you wanna catch up to
your friends, you have to take risks. If you want to be safe and you think
that they've got it, then puff your little storm cloud way outta here.

Zac: I feel like Cumulous will come out of Gaseous Form and just start
sprinting that way.

Brennan: Okie dokie.

Ally: Oof.

Brennan: You come out right here. You see if that's within torchlight.

Zac: Well if it’s in- I mean-

Brennan: Okay, so you will move here, come out of torchlight and end your turn
by leaving Gaseous Form. Gotcha. That is, I am now gonna roll, splashing in
that river is just gonna be a DC 10 check, they got a plus 6 over by the
bridge. 4 or higher, they notice you. (suspenseful music) That's a 9.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Ally: Fuck.

Zac: 4 or higher?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: So they notice?

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: By this bridge?

Brennan: Yes. You all see… On your next turn, you guys all move into the town
square. You have gotten into Dulcington. Go ahead, everybody, and give me some
Stealth checks.

Ally: So funny that these are mini minis.

Lou: Now that we're running, we're still at disadvantage?

Brennan: Yep, correct.

Murph: 24.

Ally: 34.

Siobhan: 24.

Lou: One, 15.

Brennan: 15? Okay.

Brennan takes out a little glass table and places it on top of the squares.

Siobhan: [whispering] Fuck. The fuck is this?

Zac: [softly] It's a battle.

Siobhan: [whispering] What is he doing to us?

Ally: Fuckin', the dragon from season one lands.

(Ally and Siobhan laughing)

Ally: Dragon principal.

Siobhan mimics placing a massive mini on top of the little table.

Lou: Just over the town, over our little mini minis.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Eats all of us.

Siobhan: R-I-P.

Lou: Goodbye, folks.

Brennan: You guys take your 28mm minis. Ruby, Queen Caramelinda.

Ally: Oh!

Murph: Oh, she looks cool.

Siobhan: Oh, our mom is cool!

Lou: Another secret Black woman. Why don't you just tell me these characters
are Black? Why are you hiding from me?

Siobhan: She's got caramel skin, dude.

Lou: Honestly, okay.

Siobhan: Do the math.

Lou: No, she could be Italian. This is a black—

Brennan: Why is it always Italian? Arthur Aguefort's Italian, Caramelinda's
Italian.

Lou: But this is a Black— Oh, okay, so that's what it is. There's no diversity
in this world.

Brennan: You have a presupposition that my characters are all Italian and
that's a weird thing that you need to interrogate on your own time.

Siobhan: That's on you.

Murph: You introduce every NPC by saying, "you see a big Italian man" and then
you go on to say the other—

Siobhan: He says, "it's a-me! Oh, I miss-a the home-a-land!"

Brennan: “I'm-a the queen of-a Candyland!” Sorry, Candia. Cool. You guys step
out into the town square. You guys can see where you are right here.

Siobhan: I'm invisible.

Brennan: You are still invisible and you see in front of you… (muttering)
Boxes and boxes.

Lou: [lisping exaggeratedly] Boxes upon boxes. He's got so many boxes.

Siobhan: I don't like it, I don't like this—

Zac: [to Lou] Truly a voice I've never heard you use.

Ally: Yeah, same.

Lou: [still lisping exaggeratedly] He's got boxes and boxes.

Brennan: You guys round the corner as torches flare up after that loud noise,
and there are Ceresian soldiers in the middle of the town square.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Ally: Oh, it's the fuckin'—

Siobhan: Oh, that fucking gladiator.

Brennan: Okay. Um, here they all are.

Zac: Oh, shit. A little piece came off.

Brennan: Oh.

Ally: I can't be surprised, so did I know that they were coming or—

Brennan: Well, you guys just run into them in the middle of the town. They
roll a 3 for their initiative. Top of the order is Liam.

Ally: Yeah, let's ice them. Do I get advantage? From going first, or—

Brennan: I'm gonna say that this is actually— Yeah, this is a different
combat, so you get your whole first round thingy.

Ally: Oh, great, okay, so I'm gonna aim for Ciabatta warrior.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: Nat 20. I crit, I fucking crit, man.

Lou: What?

Murph: You are unbelievable!

Siobhan: Liam! MVP!

Ally: Non stop crits, motherfucker! That's what, 2d6, 2d10, we got a d8 in the
mix.

Brennan shrugs, defeated, at the camera.

Ally: Let's see, yeah, so that's 2d10, 2d6, 2d8.

Lou: Are you cheating? Are you cheating?

Murph: I'm watching.

Siobhan: Do you think Murph would let them cheat?

Lou just shakes his head.

Ally: Let me see, and then all of this, I add 16 to at the end.

Lou: That's surreal, dude.

Siobhan: Surreal.

Lou: We're living in a fake life.

Ally: So that's 10, 18, 25, plus 8 is 33, plus 16, so 40.

Brennan: I think it's just 8 again.

Ally: Oh, okay.

Brennan: So it's just 8 again, so that's—

Ally: 41.

Brennan: [laughs] Great. You guys round the corner, see the Ceresians, they
go,

Ceresian: Ha ha, it is a royal!

Brennan: [arrow thunk] An arrow goes right in the guy's neck, he's not down,
go ahead and keep making the rest of your attacks.

Ally: Okay. Then I guess for this one, I'll do Bursting Arrow, because I feel
like there are maybe three people within range?

Brennan: Yeah, there's three people within five feet of him, absolutely.

Ally: Oh, Bursting Arrow is actually 10 feet, so can I hit more people with
that?

Brennan: Jesus, yes, you can get more people.

Murph: Wow!

Siobhan: Fuck, I'm not invisible, 'cause I used my Mage Hand.

Brennan: Yep, you're done.

Ally: Oop, sorry. Ooh. Well, but that's still an 18, does that hit?

Brennan: 18 hits, yep.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: So Bursting Arrow is—

Brennan: Deal the damage to the dude first.

Ally: Okay, yeah. So that is a d10. 9, great, so 9 plus 8 is 17.

Brennan: Okay still not down. Okay, he's still barely hanging on.

Ally: Cool, and then it's 2d6, which is 7.

Brennan: This guy goes down with that explosion and these guys all take 7
points of damage.

Ally: Great. Great, and then my last attack. Yeah, 27.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage, this is gonna be the d10 plus 8?

Ally: Yeah. That's 7 plus 8, 15.

Brennan: You're going for one of the guys that you injured already?

Ally: Yeah. Oh, I injured most people, right? It's 10 feet?

Brennan: These dots are actually each 5 feet, so these guys are, you were able
to hit just these dudes here.

Ally: So everyone but him?

Brennan: Everyone but him and these ones and Ruby and Caramelinda. So you ice
another one behind him, blast of peppermint. Your guys' stealth is fully given
away at this point.

Murph: Sure.

Brennan: That's Liam. Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: Shit. I would like to...

Brennan: You have what, 3 hit points?

Siobhan: Yeah, I'd like to take my disengage.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: Are we in the light here, or is it dark?

Brennan: Yes, they have lit the torches in the town square, so you are
visible, but you are hidden by some of the buildings, so the bridges right now
cannot see you.

Siobhan: Okay. So I'd like to take my Cunning Action disengage, move behind
Theo and Liam.

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: And then shoot at one of these guys that got injured with Yak to help
me so I have advantage.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: That's a 19?

Brennan: That hits, go ahead and roll Sneak Attack.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Nice.

Siobhan: Three 6’s. Wait a minute, hang on, and a 5. Three 6’s and a 5 is,
shit, I can't do math right now.

Brennan: 23.

Siobhan: 23 plus 5, 28.

Brennan: He is obliterated. Truly obliterated, Sourscratch sends his soul
straight to Hell. Done. That is going to be King Amethar.

Zac: Do you have more attacks, or is that—

Siobhan: No, I just get a single attack.

Lou: I step into the group of three in front of me and I'll go into a rage.

[tense, adventurous orchestral music]

Brennan: Incredible, yep.

Lou: And then I'll swing on the one-

Brennan: There's one uninjured, one and two injured. Well, now they're all
injured, because of rage. But you light up, cast fiery light over the town
square.

Lou: I'll swing on the least injured one. Or, yeah, the least injured one. 17.

Brennan: 17 hits.

Lou: All right. Reroll ones. Great, 9 plus 9, 18.

Brennan: Jesus. You behead him in a huge stroke of Payment Day.

Murph: Hell Yeah.

Lou: Fantastic, I'll take my bonus, no, I already used my bonus action. So
we'll just go for another one. Yeah, 23.

Brennan: Hit.

Lou: Great. Reroll twos. 8, 17.

(Brennan shouts)

Brennan: This bread soldier standing in the midst of Candia is brought low by
the king.

Lou: And, oh, how dumb do I wanna be? Let's get real dumb. Let me Action
Surge. I'll go for the one in front of me.

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: This is awesome.

Lou: 25.

Siobhan: My king!

Lou: It's gonna work, dude. Reroll one.

Murph: So dumb and cool.

Lou: 7 plus 9 is 16.

Brennan: How do you do this guy in?

Lou: Fuckin' straight down the middle.

[Brennan imitates a vertical slash]

Lou: Great and then I'll use—

Brennan: He's a full hoagie bun. He's just split down the middle.

Lou: And then I'll use my movement to get to that guy. We'll try and drop him
as well. 25?

Murph: Hell yeah, dude.

Siobhan: Yes.

Lou: And that's a full 20.

Brennan: What happens to this asshole?

Lou: Oh, I think it's like a triple-cut, it's like one across the top and then
again.

Brennan: The King of Candia goes to work in a blaze of sweet flame. Queen
Caramelinda remarks,

Caramelinda: Your father is good at what he does.

Zac: Those guys are toast!

Brennan: Woo-hoo!

Lou: My guy!

Lou embraces Zac.

Brennan: And Theo, that's gonna be you.

Murph: Sweet. I'll rush forward at the last guy.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: And I will do Green-Flame Blade.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Murph: To do an extra d8. Sweet, that's a 18 to hit?

Brennan: 18 hits.

Murph: Sweet. 10 damage!

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: 10 damage? He is on death's door, but not out.

Murph: Sweet, one more attack.

Brennan: 22\. Yeah, 22, minimum damage you can do.

Murph: Yeah, 12.

Brennan: You rush up, (grunting). Before a single one of this occupying
malicious army can even raise a weapon against you, (dramatic music starts)
what remains of Candia's royal family, fleeing for their lives, puts them to
their final rest. And perhaps the thought of “Let this be the first of many
steps to punish those who have wronged you.” Go ahead, you guys disband with
them. Cumulous, what are you doing?

Zac: I'm going to take a full dash action and then also use a bonus action,
Step of the Wind, to dash again.

Brennan: How much movement do you have?

Zac: I have 45, so that'd be 180?

Siobhan: Wow.

Zac: Wait, no, 45, 45 again, 45 again.

Ally 180.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Zac: Wait, is it, do I add 45 twice, or do I—

Brennan: Movement, dash, bonus action dash is three. So three times 45 is 135,
correct?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: Just that way. Wow.

Murph: You're good, dude.

Brennan: The wind whipping through your cotton candy hair, with Fluffwind out
behind you. You see, it's like the fuckin' Catbus. The long grass just
(whooshing), the wind stretches out behind you as you streak through the
night.

Siobhan: Amazing. Fucking Dragon Ball Z up in this shit.

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: Cool. These knights are going to barrel down after you.

Zac: They see me?

Brennan: Actually, you're just going, give me Stealth with disadvantage,
you're like dead sprinting.

Lou, seeing Zac’s roll, grins and backs away.

Zac: Worst one is 19.

Brennan: Pfft. They don't see you at all. They continue to move down the road.
Hold on one second. Okay. They keep moving. All of you guys, you guys can give
me another Stealth, but—

Murph: I want to send a Message to Manta Ray Jack, is he within 120 feet now?

Siobhan: Not quite, it's close.

Murph: 120 feet?

Brennan: Five of these.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Brennan: Not quite.

Murph: I wanna run to the— We all wanna grab Jet.

Lou: I'm going- Yes.

Murph: Okay. So...

Ally: Well, Caramelinda and I can just go get the body, if the rest of you
wanna go, and then we catch up with you.

Lou: I'd prefer to reclaim my daughter’s body.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: I'll go with Amethar.

Brennan: Okay, you guys use your movement, you rush into the shop. Is everyone
going into the shop with them, or are you guys—

Ally: Can I go into the shop first, since I have such good Stealth and like
Perception to see if people are in there waiting for us?

Lou: Yes.

Murph: Oh, that's a good call.

Brennan: Yes, go ahead and give me a Stealth check real quick.

Ally: With advantage, if I'm—

Brennan: Yep.

Ally: Yeah, 32.

Brennan: You guys, 32.

Murph: I'll say if Liam and Amethar are going, I'll go with Ruby and do you
wanna start running for—

Siobhan: For the ship?

Murph: Get Manta Ray Jack? It's probably good to get moving.

Brennan: Yeah. Okay, so Theo, Caramelinda, and Ruby continue to just run. You
guys get further and further there. Amethar and Liam go into the shop.
Amethar, you go into the shop, open the cabinet, and see Jet.

[somber piano music]

Lou: I just am pretty dead inside at this time and just kind of very
gracefully take her body, slink Payment Day down on my shoulder,

Amether: Let's go.

Brennan: You move out of the shop. Cumulous, what are you doing?

Zac: I just do that again. But more along, try to like, kind of mimic the path
that—

Brennan: That they took? Just (whooshing), sprinting.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check on that bush? The hay bale?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: I'm sorry.

(Ally laughs)

Ally: Look, I'm telling you, we're gonna lift it up and the carrot paladin is
gonna be under it.

Murph: Can I also say that as we're running towards the dock, can I send a
message to Manta Ray Jack and tell him that we need to go immediately—

Brennan: Yeah, you get a message back from him saying,

Manta Ray: Roger!

Brennan: And you hear a bell ringing on the ship.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Ally: Why?

Lou: (laughs) My exact thought.

Brennan: He's gotta wake up like 30 sailors.

Ally: No, he does not!

Murph: Everyone knows. Everyone knows. Everyone knows.

Ally: We are fucked. Because of that, we are fucked.

Brennan: You guys see these guys muster, begin to march across the bridge,
these guys marching behind them. These guys race over this bridge and are
joined by another squadron of knights here.

Siobhan: Fuck!

Brennan: Okay. All of you guys, you're just dead sprinting for the boat?

Lou: Dead sprint, as dead as a sprint can be. JK, I'm walking— I'm jogging
with my dead daughter's body.

Brennan: You guys rush here, you are so close to the harbor. These guys are
gonna take not that much movement, boom, boom, and they're gonna open fire.
Hold on one second.

Ally: They have disadvantage, right? 'Cause we're all Pass Without a Trace?

Brennan: That's very true, thank you.

Siobhan: Thank you!

Lou: Thank you.

Brennan: Thank you. One hits Liam.

Murph: I take it. Swirlwarden. [mimes shield]

Brennan: You jump in front of Liam. Seven points of damage down to four. Those
crossbows come at you.

Liam: Thank you Theo.

Theobald: No one else dies today.

Brennan: Cumulous, you do another one?

Zac: Yes. Does it make sense for me to like, try to jump over a building?

Brennan: Your high jump is truly- Let me just see something. You jump straight
from here to the top of this building.

Murph: Monks fuckin' rule.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: You guys just see Cumulous, who was a million fuckin' miles away, has
caught up after—

Ally: We get shot at?

Brennan: Yeah.

Liam: What the fuck?

Brennan: Cumulous, you just leap—

Cumulous: I did not shoot at you.

Brennan: You (whooshing) sail through the air, bam, land on the top of the
chimney, sailing over the tree.

Theobald: Liam, no one else dies today. We already lost Jet and Cumulous— Oh,
hello, Cumulous.

(Brennan laughs)

Cumulous: I am up here.

Amethar: Well, I guess you were right, Theo, he can take care of himself.

Brennan: You guys duck around the corner. You make it all the way to the dock.
Manta Ray says,

Manta Ray: Oh right, what's happened?! What should we try to do?!

Amethar: We're trying to leave right now.

Manta Ray: All right!

Brennan: They're like, busy undoing anchors. You guys see, again, squadrons of
knights barreling down, there's no goddamn way that you are gonna get this
boat up and running in time. You get away from the archers, the archers
advance again.

Lou: Okay, real talk, can I go into a rage and attempt to push the boat?

Brennan: Give me an Athletics check.

Murph: Okay, you already have advantage, yeah.

Lou: That's gonna be a 22.

Brennan: You guys see Amethar gets his body, his back, up against the side of
the boat, gets his legs up on the fuckin' harbor, and (roaring) and ropes
begin to snap. You've just shaved like 10 minutes off of this process. You
see… All of you get aboard, Liam is aboard. Cumulous, do you have one more to
burn?

Zac: Can I just take a full movement action? I'm out of Ki points.

Brennan: Okay, yes, you can take a full-

Zac: I would love to jump across roofs.

Brennan: Actually, let me see, I think you can just do that, 'cause that's,
yeah, that's less than 90 feet. You leap from this chimney to this chimney on
the other side of town, monks are insane and you jump down to your friends.
You have actually, against all fucking odds, caught up to—

Siobhan: So rad!

Brennan: Your companions.

Lou: That first time you did it, it was crazy. The seventh time you did, I was
like, okay.

(Ally laughs)

Cumulous: I threw some horses off a cliff.

Amethar: What?!

Liam: We saw you kill some dogs.

Cumulous: I did.

Ruby: I support it, those dogs were evil.

Brennan: As you guys are barreling down— All of you up the gangplank that is
like barely attached to the ship after Amethar pushes it off. You see that
there is one last rope that they're trying, not even the ropes attaching to
the harbor, just trying to get the sails down.

Siobhan: I use my Mage Hand.

Brennan: You pull the sails down, as you start doing that, you see knights
coming up through the alley, swinging grappling hooks.

Murph: Can I do, okay, I would like to cast— So Knock does, a target that is
held shut by a mundane lock. I would like to like, the reins, something
holding the horses, to cause some fucking chaos.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and just give me a ranged spell attack.

Murph: Oh boy, my ranged spell attack is not good.

Siobhan: You have Sprinkle.

Murph: 18.

Brennan: One of them, bam, flies open. You guys begin to head off. As you sail
up the river, you have escaped. Silence descends. Amethar stands holding the
body of the Princess Jet as the night envelops you all.

(solemn music)

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 11: At the Mountains of
Sweetness](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTLb-7KMl2qRX4Q3w4U5WGyZry-
QcDucFI-
jjKripyjPWjZ8PyW57zqgqWxDdWkGwZeKuJj3RDWgU5k/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647639006910&usg=AOvVaw327U8i9qTMDDaco6D_zsmX)]

[NEXT EPISODE’S PREVIEW]

Amethar: I'm going to miss you so much. Taught me so much.

Ruby: And it's all of Aunt Lazuli's fault and it's all my fucking fault my
sister died.

Caramelinda: What task was given to our Lord Commander of the Tartguard?

Brennan: And as it glows bright, it casts your shadow on the wall behind you.
Its hair is in a long braid.

Ruby: Jet?

* * *

Transcribed by Kyber Bonsai

Edited by Socks, Kyber Bonsai, gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjow1XlrPptUhBH0HsWoJ2gTaqfnEswBODtRxNDItpXMO94f8Rarzl_8PIvgDP3NXR_7yxONK2VcyacsNL1U:0)

Episode 11: At the Mountains of Sweetness

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks; and Emily Axford as Queen Saccharina Frostwhip

Episode 11: At the Mountains of Sweetness

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQRY0426CFshXhvPv0wb13gw-
Ezn40Y6QgALTmSa1I6Fe6a26LrN5G-SaZRc8_D8FkHhPjHQWgvyoRM/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647641917897&usg=AOvVaw02g8EJYkei-
YyWO4JT6VtL) | [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRDYz3L3ST3hfqmxeS_9lOVbV7xWxtNY-4fvFwjIr3jkcMo1z2viRXSrghGP7MpIjMnroZhsiVmQ64U/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647641918285&usg=AOvVaw05AiPaiBiOwcq2my4LYUDq)]
>

(dramatic instrumental music)

(wind howling)

(birds chirping)

(metallic scraping resounds)

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to "A Crown of Candy." I'm your humble dungeon
master Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me are five of our intrepid heroes. Say hi,
intrepid heroes.

Players: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Siobhan: RIP Jet.

[groans]

Siobhan: Gone but never forgotten.

Murph kisses his fingers and points up.

[somber instrumental music]

[Ally groans sadly]

Brennan: Moving the royal banner up the Cola River, the Bel Baby sails
straight through the night. (water gurgling) Our heroes enter into the
unthinkable, hollow, numb, bizarre channels by which each person marches
through the processing of their own grief. The night envelops the ship. Sound
of sail and oar moving up through the Cola River. Memories of that impossible
night are what you are holding onto when we begin our story once again. The
purple and bright blue striped leaves flutter and fall from a tree atop a
bright pink hill. The wind moves and the grass sways. In the shade of the
beautiful tree in the late afternoon sun, the first few leaves swirl in the
wind and fly away. It is the 24th day of Brightdusk and only one week remains
in summer. The first leaves, early precursors to their brethren that will fall
in greater numbers weeks to come from now tear away and are lost. Far down the
hillside from here, anchored just off the bank is Manta Ray Jack's ship the
Bel Baby. His crew making repairs to the ship and pulling crossbow bolts from
the side. They work in as close to silence as they can to give respectful
distance to the group gathered at the top of the hill under the shade of the
tree. (sad instrumental music) The bright smell of late summer and of full
fields of Candian farms that stretch away from the river's edge are mixed with
the smell of freshly dug soil. Looking out across the river many miles away
from the enemies that you have escaped, looking out into the east towards
Muffinfield and beyond that Ceresia. You see rows of peppermint orchards and
lollipop trees, lines of farms stretching out as far as the eye can see. Who
of you is gathered under the tree at the top of the hill?

Murph: Yes. I am.

Lou: I am.

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Zac: I think Cumulous is there but just a little further back.

Brennan: The Queen Caramelinda is there as well. (mimics wind howling) Wind
blows past. Away in the field you see a lone farmer with a rolling Jawbreaker
oxen pulling a plow. The farmer is a little stumpy-legged, fuzzy green gumdrop
man with a little plum satchel following along behind his beast of burden.
It's about 1/8 of a mile away. Sort of this little dot at the edge of your
field of vision. The beauty of the day rests in stark contrast to the
solemnity of what you are observing here at the top of the hill. You see that
the farmer slips on some wet chocolate (impact resounds) and a bunch of jelly
beans fall out of his satchel. (beans tapping on ground)

[Lou chuckles]

Brennan: You hear sort of off in the distance,

Farmer: Oh, I slipped in some chocolate and dropped some jelly beans.

Theobald: Just pick them up!

Farmer: What? Oh, hello, hello.

Theobald: Hi.

Farmer: It gets really wet in the field and the chocolate gets kicked up by
the plow.

Ally: I think Liam's bawling.

[cast laughing]

Farmer: Well, sorry to bother you-

Amethar: Hey, get the fuck out of here.

Lou: [miming running] I like, run at him—

[group laughing]

Farmer: Oh no, oh no!

Amethar: Get out of here now, get out of here now!

Theobald: [attempting to hold Amethar back] My king, my king!

Brennan: (laughs) You see that the little gumdrop man turns around and goes
(mimics cartoon sound effect of legs running) like his little legs spinning in
the air and he, (screams) slips and hits the ground. Boom, jelly beans go
everywhere. He looks up and says,

Farmer: Are you coming to help me count my jelly beans?

Amethar: No, I'm telling you to get out of here now.

Farmer: Okay, all right, I'm so sorry, sir. I'll, I'll, get, get, get, get,
get my jelly beans and I'll get right out of here, I'm sorry.

Amethar: Stop apologizing, pick up your beans and go.

Brennan: He nods and you return to the hill.

Siobhan: I think Ruby is watching all of this just, she doesn't even seem to
really be there. She's like not even noticing what's going on around her.
She's not crying but she's not focused at all.

Ally: I think I'm pulling on your arm. I'm like weeping, I almost can't stand
up.

Siobhan: I'm just like very passively, like, letting that happen but not-

(Ally sobbing violently)

Ally: It's like the ugliest cry.

Lou: I take Pay Day off my back. I plant it at the foot of the grave.

Amethar: Jet, I'm gonna miss you so much. You always pushed us. You always
challenged us. You were hard and it made us stronger. I never stopped learning
from you. You taught me so much. So much that I thought I knew you taught me
was wrong. But even in your death you continue to teach me because to defeat
monsters you must become one.

Brennan: Anyone at the top of the hill can roll an Insight check if they so
wish.

Murph: 9.

Siobhan: 8.

Lou: 8.

Siobhan: A 9.

Zac: 9.

Murph: Jeez.

Ally: What were you about to say?

Siobhan: Just tell us anyway.

Brennan: (laughs) You see, yeah, I think with those rolls I think everyone's
lost in themselves right now. And if there were another observer here they
would see Amethar steeling himself. And there is a sobriety that overcomes the
unthroned king of Candia that as a younger man he never had. But this Amethar
has developed a perspective on war that is more informed by what he has lost.
You see Queen Caramelinda has been very still. She speaks and says,

Caramelinda: I can't help but wonder if you died thinking that I did not love
you. I was a young woman once and I know that I bore no fondness for my mother
or her rules, how fervently she impressed upon me the workings of the world. I
found her tedious. Her constant lecturing was a thorn in my side and I in turn
was that for you. And I can't help but stand here and wish that you would have
listened. (sobs) And yet maybe, maybe if I had been the type of mother that
would...

Siobhan: I walk away.

Brennan: She turns to look at you and is cut short and just gazes after Ruby.
What direction do you walk in, Ruby?

Siobhan: (sighs) I guess back towards the boat.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: I'd like to give kind of a nod to the Queen and then follow Ruby.

Brennan: The queen does not- Is like gone, does not see you look at her.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Cool, you follow Ruby. The rest of you up on the hillside stand there
in the silence.

Liam: You were always so soft and really close to the ground. Your paws were
always covered in mud when I picked you up. And you liked nuts and well, I
just loved you so much. Preston! (sobs)

Brennan: You see Caramelinda looks over and is just stunned into silence by
this display.

Liam: Wet peppermint nose. And the one time you put it on my ear and I said it
hurt I was lying, it felt too good!

Brennan: You, as you are processing those feelings, Liam, you see Caramelinda
says,

Caramelinda: Liam.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Caramelinda: (sighs) This is, um...

Liam: A tragedy.

Brennan: She nods. Off in the distance you hear,

Farmer: One little jelly bean.

(Lou laughs darkly)

Farmer: Two little jelly beans.

Liam: Oh, he started over.

Brennan: (laughs) He's lost count a couple times.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check on that side guy?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Interesting, 3.

Brennan: You are lost in grief, you have no idea.

Ally: Yeah, that's true.

Brennan: Cumulous, as you watch Ruby and Theo walk away, make a Perception
check for me.

Zac: 21.

Ally: Finally.

Brennan: Ruby's shadow, for a second you look away, like you look at the sun
or something, you're like, what just happened? But for a second Ruby's- It's
hard 'cause it was less than a split second. Ruby's shadow started walking a
half beat after Ruby started walking.

Zac: I [pats Lou] touch my cousin's shoulder and walk ahead towards them.

Brennan: Mm-hmm, Theo, you catch up with Ruby first.

Theobald: Ruby, I, um...

Ruby: I can't believe she blamed her and I'm so angry at her and it's all her
fault and it's all his fault and it's all of Aunt Lazuli's fault and it's all
my fucking fault my sister died.

Theobald: Jet would not blame you. Jet was a warrior and Jet died in battle.
We would have all wanted her to have, you know, we would have wanted her to
keep herself safe, but that's not how she was. She was a warrior.

Ruby: She was just so brave, she was the bravest person I knew. And I don't
know how I'm gonna keep going without her. I don't know.

Theobald: In times like these I, (sighs) I take comfort in your Aunt Lazuli's
research. I don't think Jet is gone. I think she's-

Ruby: Then where is she?

Theobald: In some strange way, I think she'll be protecting us now.

Ruby: She was always protecting us.

Theobald: She saved Primsy Coldbottle. She saved your father along with you.

Siobhan: Are we back at the ship?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: I'd like to climb up to the crow's nest and then I'd like to throw my
consciousness into Yak so I don't have to be in my fucking body anymore.

Brennan: (mimics wind howling) Yak is miles up in the sky and you can feel the
ruffle of the wind in his butterscotch feathers. And he locks his wings and
just lets the wind push him up. And you can feel the feeling in your body of
expending no effort, being without thought and the endless buffeting of the
sky provides you a way to escape from these feelings that you cannot face.

Murph: I think once Ruby walks off, Theo's kind of trying to keep it all
together. And I'm just gonna walk over to another side of the ship and Theo
just loses it. And then I'm just gonna say, quietly I'm gonna pull out
Sprinkle.

Sprinkle: (mumbles goofily)

Murph: And I'm gonna say,

[somber music]

Theobald: Sprinkle, I'm gonna need you to go with Jet for a little while.

Sprinkle: (mutters inquisitively)

Theobald: Just like you used to and I hope she sends somebody back for me so
she can look after me.

Sprinkle: (mutters sadly)

Theobald: You've done well, Sprinkle.

Sprinkle: (sobs pitifully)

Theobald: You're going to- It's okay.

Sprinkle: (crying pitifully)

Murph: I cry more and I dismiss Sprinkle. And then I'd like to cast Find
Familiar and call like a black licorice familiar.

Brennan: You see that Sprinkle inchworms his way up the hill and coming from
the ship actually you see, (mimics slithering) this licorice snake, shadowy
viper comes off of the edge of the ship and coils around your arm underneath
your armor. (hisses)

Theobald: That is you, Princess. I can already tell you're going to me more of
a handful than Sprinkle was.

Brennan: Bites into your gauntlet.

Theobald: (yelps) Ah!

Murph: Cries more.

Brennan: Amethar and Liam, you guys are still on the top of the hill. You see,
each of you guys give me an insight check.

Lou: 15.

Ally: Hey, 11.

Brennan: Caramelinda sees Ruby walking away and is losing it. She's like,
she's fully losing it and she begins to walk away from the top of the hill.

Lou: I catch up to her and put my arm around her waist and just walk with her
back to somewhere private on the ship.

Brennan: She walks, as she walks along, yeah, she's losing it. Theo, you see
the Queen approaching. And she looks up at you and sees the sort of licorice
snake wrapped around your arm. She looks up and says,

Caramelinda: What is that?

Theobald: I asked the- I dismissed Sprinkle and I asked Jet to send me a sign
that she was watching over us and...

Caramelinda: A sign that she was watching over us. And who was watching over
her, Sir Theobald, when she fell?

Theobald: I'm sorry.

Amethar: M'lady. There's no way any of us-

Caramelinda: What task was given to our Lord Commander of the Tartguard?

Theobald: To protect the royal family.

Caramelinda: That's what I thought.

(somber instrumental music)

Caramelinda: I- I've known you for quite some time, Theobald. I knew you when
you were a young, green knight, barely anything more than a squire. You were
enamored of my promised, the Archmage Lazuli. I- I have nothing to say to you.
You… I don't know where your heart lies or what it is that you have chosen to
serve in this world. I know that you revered my former wife, and I know that I
have no love lost from you. I would...

Brennan: You see dark, venomous thoughts cross her mind that even in her state
of grief she doesn't say. And she just looks up at you deeply hurt and says,

Caramelinda: I have one daughter left. Maybe instead of summoning this
reflection of your failure you can see to it that you devote yourself to not
letting it happen a second time.

Brennan: And she turns, looks at you, Amethar, and walks onto the ship.

Lou: I stay back.

Brennan: She gets about five paces, turns to see if you're gonna follow her.

Amethar: I'm coming.

Brennan: And then she turns and walks onto the ship.

Amethar: She's angry, I mean...

Theobald: Don't, my king, don't comfort me.

Amethar: I'm not, alright, I'm just telling you there's nothing you could have
done.

Lou: And I walk after her.

Brennan: You walk onto the ship. Cumulous, you've arrived at the ship as well
and can see Ruby up in the crow's nest.

Zac: Do I see - Can I tell what she's doing first?

Brennan: Yeah, she's like warging into her familiar.

Zac: I think Cumulous will also climb up to the crow's nest, but off to one of
the masts, kind of like poles off to the side.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Just kind of wait.

Brennan: Ah, okay, give me another Perception check.

Zac: 9.

Brennan: Cool. Liam, you're the last person left on top of the hill.

Ally: I think I pick like a little peppermint flower or something, kinda put
it in my shirt and then is Manta Ray Jack around?

Brennan: Yeah, he's on the ship.

Ally: Can I, 'cause you said that Cruller saved him.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: And brought him back?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check on that or can I do something-

Brennan: Sure, yeah, if you wanna go talk to him, yeah.

Ally: Yeah, can I go and talk to him?

Brennan: Great, go ahead and give me an Insight check.

Ally: Great, 4.

Brennan: Cool. You find Manta Ray on the ship making repairs, getting the ship
ready. You see that, you come to him with a group of sailors being like,

Manta Ray: Really to it, I can't say the King will give the order of where we
sail to next. I only know that we can't sail downriver but we'll have to get
word there somehow back to Port Syrup that there's been a coup. Oh, young
Master Wilhelmina, your lordship.

Liam: I was just coming by to say hi.

Ally: I think I walk away.

Brennan: He says,

Manta Ray: Whoop, all right, did you?

Brennan: You see he runs up after you.

Liam: (sniffles) Nothing!

Brennan: He says,

Manta Ray: Is there anything you needed to say?

Liam: I just wanted to kinda see how this ship's going. Or are you? Mhh. Have
you talked to Ciabatta lately?

Manta Ray: No, I sailed with you from Port Syrup.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Manta Ray: I'll tell you true, lad. Morris and me ran into Cruller leaving
Comida. He got us through the lines, but looking back he was as surprised as
anything to find us. He weren't anywhere I could see when they were torturing
me. I never saw his face. Now that I know he's the one who turned me in I
can't believe that snake made the journey with us from Comida back to the
borders of Candia. When we found him he weren't nowhere but in the company of
a few Tartguard. And it was passing strange for certain because he didn't seem
worried and the way he got us through those imperial lines, even for someone
as skilled as him it seemed strange, but we were so desperate that we couldn't
question it.

Liam: I see.

Manta Ray: He told us to come with him to Castle Candy, but I ended up finding
a ship's passage going down the river to Port Syrup, and (sighs) strange hands
of fortune that I got myself and Morris on the ship and sent a messenger to
tell Cruller. Maybe if I told him myself he would have had us seized by his
guards.

Liam: So what did the message say to him that you sent?

Manta Ray: Merely that we had found escape, and we thanked him for helping us
to get back to the river.

Liam: Hmm.

Manta Ray: He never let slide that he was conspiring with folks because I
don't think he would have wanted a fight just with him and his four warriors
at arms against me and a trained, armored knight.

Liam: Mhh, mm-hmm, so you don't think Candia needs to be taken down, or? So
The Hungry One can eat a balanced meal?

Manta Ray: From the bottom of me heart.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Manta Ray: I couldn't give two wanks for a balanced meal and I hope that The
Hungry One stays hungry, your lordship.

Liam: Cool, well, if you need my help, I'm a good watch-person.

Ally: Can I start to do some of this Primeval Awareness? Like, it says that if
I attune my senses for a minute I can find which favored enemies lurk and like
more more info about them.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Cool. I set up like a little bedroll next to Manta Ray Jack and I kinda
just hold his hand.

Brennan: Yeah, you start looking at the passing of shi- You hold his hand,
he's like,

Manta Ray: All right, lad.

Liam: Oh, did you want to be a part of this, or? I can just on my own.

Manta Ray: A part of what?

Liam: It's a minute of me focusing. So I like to get comfortable, sit down,
unzip my bedroll, get in it, get a little cozy. Just a little cozy.

Manta Ray: You should go to your quarters.

Liam: Oh right, of course, yeah, you're right.

Manta Ray: Alright.

Liam: I love you, too.

Manta Ray: What?

Liam: What? No, I'm experiencing loss.

Brennan: (laughs) You head downstairs. Amethar, you head down to the quarters
below decks where you see Caramelinda.

Amethar: I understand that you're having a hard time. We're all having a hard
time. (pause) You can't turn on Theobald like that. We can't turn on each
other right now. The world is against us. All we have is everybody on this
boat. If you wanna talk to him like that, I mean, we'll all be dead.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Persuasion check with advantage.

Lou: A modified 20.

Brennan: Caramelinda— Wild.

Ally: I pull out a huge water bottle.

Brennan: Caramelinda looks at you, her lip quivers and she just starts weeping
and walks over and doesn't go to embrace you but just buries her- Like holds
her hands against her own chest and just buries her face into the crook of
your shoulder.

Lou: I do like one of those slow like, [imitates hugging] one arm, two arms,
real tight.

Brennan: She cries there for a long time and then looks up and says,

Caramelinda: Okay. Okay, you're right, we're all we have.

Brennan: Time passes, the boat sails away and you guys watch the hill by the
side of the river fade into the distance. As you guys speak that evening when
you guys, you see that first thing is Caramelinda walks up to you, Theo, as
the ship is sailing away. She looks at you and says,

Caramelinda: I… People say very silly things when they...

Theobald: I understand, there's no reason to apologize. But if there was any
truth behind what you were saying I just want you to know that any resentment
or childishness, anything I felt towards you, jealousy, that went away a long
time ago, but my reverence for Lazuli is- It's not- I believe in her dream.
I'm not in love with her. And I serve your family and I loved your daughter
and I love you.

Brennan: She just starts crying again and she says,

Caramelinda: When you have failed as completely and totally as I have and you
are as afraid as I am that the weight of that failure will destroy you, you
will panic and try to put that on someone else. And that's wrong and I'm
sorry.

Theobald: I relate to that fully. And the only thing keeping me together right
now is this.

Murph: And I hold up my extremely ill-behaved familiar.

Brennan: Immediately bites Caramelinda. She goes. (screams)

Theobald: Right?

Caramelinda: Ah!

Theobald: It's weirdly comforting, isn't it?

Caramelinda: It's a lot of her spirit.

Theobald: I know. It's not, this isn't how the spell works. This is straight
up wrong.

Cumulous: Did you just find a snake?

Theobald: Yeah, this just might be a snake. It's licorice, it looks like.

Lou: You hadn't finished casting the spell yet.

Siobhan: Yeah, it takes an hour.

Ally: That's really funny.

Brennan: Wonderful. So before dinner, Ruby, you come back as it starts getting
late and Yak flies back to you. And you look down and see that Cumulous has
been just monk-sitting on a spar of the staff for a while as you've been in
the crow's nest.

Ruby: Staring at me?

Cumulous: Am I staring at you?

Ruby: Are you watching me?

Cumulous: I'm watching over you.

Ruby: I don't need looking after.

Siobhan: And I swing down.

(Brennan chuckles and mimics wind rushing)

Cumulous: I think we should talk.

(soft peaceful instrumental music)

Ruby: What do you have to say?

Cumulous: I think that you are… I have a very complicated relationship to
death and dying that may be upsetting to most and maybe even you, but I think
there are things you should hear about.

Siobhan: I look out to sea but don't- I like not acknowledging him but I'm not
sending him away either.

Cumulous: I think- I know more about death than most and I think that it is
both the simplest and most complicated thing there is in this world. And I
think it constantly, it contradicts itself. Its meaning is very elusive and
also very concrete. And I know that when you die, you're dead, that that's the
end. But also maybe not-

Ruby: Is this supposed to be comforting?

Cumulous: But also maybe not. I know that I've seen the insides of all these
bodies with the wet sacks and weird bones that they have inside of them, but I
know that there is something in there that is not there.

Ruby: Well, this is what I know about death. When my sister died, I died, and
the only reason for me to live now is to avenge her. Anybody who gets in my
way I will kill.

Cumulous: And I think in many ways, your sister is still alive.

Zac: And I'll take off the necklace I have and give it to Ruby.

Cumulous: It's not much, but I think you should- You say that you're dead, but
I think you should also consider staying here with the living. 'Cause we will
all die, but you don't have to do it just yet.

Siobhan: I put the necklace in my pocket and I go to my quarters.

Brennan: So Manta Ray Jack is going to talk to Amethar and anyone who's with
Amethar as the ship sails upriver. Liam, you've done your sort of Natural
Explorer, your Primeval Awareness, you can tell at the edges of your field of
influence that there are people coming for you, your sense of the wilderness,
you see the movement of birds. You know that people are coming after you, but
you know that upriver there are the beginnings of the Great Stone Candy
Mountains and that there are paths through there in the remote places of
Candia that you will be able to take these people faster than the people
pursuing you.

Ally: Cool, do I have anyone specific within 5 miles?

Brennan: No one specific within 5 miles, no one's that close. The ship
traveled much faster upriver than anything else. So everyone else is having to
come over land either by steed or on foot to try to keep up with a ship that
was sailing throughout the entire rest of the night.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Other than Amethar, is anyone else talking with Manta Ray Jack about
the direction of the ship? Manta Ray would probably get you, Liam, who has
that awareness as well.

Ally: Yeah I'll probably be there.

Brennan: You see Manta Ray looks up, pats you on the arm and goes,

Manta Ray: (sighs) Well, uh, Your Majesty, I feel that I've, we're with you to
the bitter end. It's strange, you grow up a common man and you feel so
fortunate even to know the high born and them, what sits in their thrones and
determines the fate of the world. And I think there's not a common man born
who doesn't wish that they could rise above their station and change the
stars. It's a terrible curse and a horrible piece of bad luck that the only
way I've changed the stars and the fate of the world is bringing wrack and
ruin to the house of one of my dearest friends.

Amethar: Jack, save it. This isn't you, it's not you.

Manta Ray: I should have spotted Cruller.

Amethar: No.

Manta Ray: For the backstabber he was.

Amethar: Oh, stop.

Manta Ray: And I shoulda kept my mouth shut about Catherine.

Amethar: These are my mistakes, every one of 'em. And I will live with them.
Don't double it, it's enough for me to carry.

Brennan: (gasps) You see he wipes his eyes.

Manta Ray: (sniffles) We're here with you, and the Bel Baby will sail you
where you need to go. We can change our ship’s name and change our colors, but
we will certainly be searched if we travel south again.

Liam: Oh, I know some back ways through the Great Stone Candy Mountains.

Manta Ray: Aye?

Liam: And places that we can just ditch the boat, yeah, definitely.

Amethar: I mean, we definitely sail for Jawbreaker. I mean, is losing, is
there no way for you guys to just continue to sail north? I mean, does the
Cola River come to an end or?

Manta Ray: Aye, well, eventually it gets up high enough into the mountains
that you can't take your ship up there. But you can take it upriver pretty
far. And the last sort of deep enough harbor gets us sort of just past the
heart of Muffinfield. We can do our best to get that far and then we'll do as
you need. If you wish for us to sail south and bring word to Port Syrup, we
can do that.

Amethar: I mean, would you be able to? I mean, can you do that safely?

Manta Ray: Aye, I don't think we were spotted. Listen, we know our ways.

Amethar: Yeah.

Manta Ray: But if you wish, I can also just send a few of my sailors back down
and me and some of my fighters can come with you into the North.

Amethar: I mean, what do you want, Jack?

Manta Ray: I owe it to you, and I'm not gonna let you down again.

Amethar: (chuckles) Oh, Jack. You come with us.

Manta Ray: All right, and we'll send the ship back south with a new name and
new flags. We'll fly the colors of House Cruller. It shall pass muster.

Amethar: Good.

Brennan: He says,

Manta Ray: The North it is and try to get to Castle Manylicks and get through
the siege as best we can.

Brennan: You guys take off. As you guys begin sailing, go ahead and give me a
Perception check, just Ruby and- Actually yeah, everyone give me a Perception
check.

Siobhan: I'm doing it with advantage 'cause of Yak.

Murph: 19.

Ally: There we go.

Siobhan: I got a 16.

Lou: 12.

Zac: 13.

Ally: Oh, baby.

Brennan: 19, 16, 13.

Ally: 24.

Brennan: 24? Cool. You guys, you get some intense dreams. Liam, a lot of your
dreams are dominated by this intense noise you've heard a couple times before
of this like, (snarls and growls) and like heat and smoke, and the smoke
smells of like fire and like cinnamon if that makes sense, like a hot cinnamon
smell of, (snarls and growls) and the beating of hot wind. It was chocolate
and cinnamon. Did anyone else get above a 15?

Siobhan: I got a 16.

Murph: Yeah, I got a 19.

Brennan: 19\. Ruby, you wake up in the night with the feeling of that amulet
of Lazuli's eye in your pocket producing a little bit of light. And it feels a
little bit warm. And there's a small, little lantern next to your bed that you
kept lit, you sort of like fell asleep reading a little bit or something like
that. You see that as you're looking at the amulet the glow fades. You look at
your shadow on the wall and your shadow is of you looking at the amulet, but
it's you sitting at the edge of the bed and not lying in it, it's wrong, the
shadow is wrong.

Ruby: Jet?

Brennan: You say, "Jet." Do you move at all as you say, "Jet" or no?

Siobhan: I think I sit up a little bit.

Brennan: The shadow- It was a trick of your eye. Like, your shadow moves and
you were just- Like as you move your shadow is in the right place.

(dramatic instrumental music)

Siobhan: I walk out onto deck 'cause I feel suddenly so awake that I'm gonna
walk out onto deck.

Brennan: You walk out onto the deck and you can see perfectly in the dark.

Ruby: What?

Brennan: Give me one last Perception check, DC 20.

Siobhan: That's a nat 20.

Brennan: You are looking in the dark everywhere holding the amulet of Lazuli
in your hand. You look down and you see that the corners of the eye which were
blank before are creased for a moment as though the eye were in a deep smile.
And as it glows bright it casts your shadow on the wall behind you and as you
turn to look, this shadow is following your movements. It's not misbehaving,
but you notice something wrong with the shadow that is not about movement.
Your shadow is, again, you know, looks just like you, but its hair is not
right. Its hair is in a long braid.

Ruby: I can't believe you're gone.

Brennan: Shadow doesn't move.

Ruby sighs, softly.

Siobhan: I walk up to the wall that the shadow is.

Brennan: You leave the little source of light behind you.

Siobhan: Reflected against and I put my forehead up against it.

Brennan: The hull of the ship where you touch your forehead to what should be
that cold cheese wood, as you touch it the wood is very warm almost as though
you were putting your head to someone else's head.

Siobhan: I sob. And it's the first time, really, that I've cried without
trying to hold it back.

Brennan: Your shadow heaves with sobs in time to yours. It is there until the
sun comes and your shadow goes away brought from the edge of the woodwork and
stand next to you instead, to cast upon the ground and you face a new day. You
guys sail, I'm gonna need some, as you get the ship as far up as it can go and
have to end up harboring it, I'm gonna need a Survival or Nature check.
Probably actually Survival, and this is gonna be a group check so we need half
of these to be successes.

Zac: What do we have to get?

Brennan: The DC on this, we're just gonna say, well, actually let me know what
you guys roll.

Zac: I got a 16.

Ally: 9.

Brennan: You got a 16?

Lou: 6.

Brennan: 9, 8, 16.

Murph: I got a 19.

Ally: Do I have advantage on the roll of Nature check?

Brennan: I'm gonna roll, Manta Ray's got a plus 4.

Lou: Come on, Jack!

Brennan: That's a 15. You guys head off, he takes some of his crew, sends the
rest back with the Bel Baby. Caramelinda comes with. So let me ask what way
you guys are headed up into the mountains. The ways that are available to you,
the fastest way- You're not anywhere near Imperial roads right now so there's
not a big risk of finding Ceresians or Imperial soldiers here, but you are in
Muffinfield which is—

[quick, tense orchestral music]

Siobhan: Oh, shit.

Brennan: Which is Calroy's, you know, fief. The fastest way into the mountains
would be through farmland and on country roads which you could travel very
quickly and you wouldn't have to worry about getting lost or anything.
Although with Liam there's no chance of getting lost anyway, but it would be
far the fastest, but it would take you through townships and it would be more
highly populated. The other way would be to just spelunk and or climb which
would be extremely dangerous, but would be getting you into the mountains sort
of the most directly. The other way would be to go into deep woods and remote
places which would be longer than climbing, but less dangerous and through
less populated areas.

Ally: I mean, we have two people that have Disguise Self if we wanna be crazy
and just go the fastest road.

Zac: Who can disguise themself?

Ally: Us two.

Siobhan: I can.

Murph: Do you have- You have Invisibility as well?

Siobhan: I also have Invisibility.

Murph: 'Cause I'm not gonna be good at, well actually climbing would be
Athletics.

Lou: Yeah, I might be-

Siobhan: Would it be Athletics or Acrobatics or would it just be Athletics,
climbing?

Brennan: It would be just Athletics.

(Siobhan groans)

Ally: I'm pretty good at Athletics, what do you have?

Murph: Plus 7.

Siobhan: I only have plus 3.

Ally: Plus 6.

Zac: Could you just jump?

Siobhan: Oh, I do have Jump, I do have the Jump spell.

Murph: The spell, Jump?

Lou: And you can become like a cloud, right?

Zac: And I can jump, my jump distance is three times normal. And I have Slow
Fall or, yes.

Murph: I do have Misty Step now.

Lou: What if we got real dumb and climbed this thing?

Siobhan: I also have the Feather Fall spell.

Ally: Let's do it.

Brennan: The issue is that, like, you're gonna be facing multiple Athletics
challenges per day, like it's not like one cliff. It's, like, cliff and the
next cliff and then the next cliff, then the next cliff.

Siobhan: A lot of cliffs.

Brennan: And then the next cliff and then the next cliff.

Lou: And there's no way of like, do a cliff then do something else? It's like,
cliff, cliff, cliff, cliff?

Brennan: Yeah, exactly.

Murph: So we can...

Ally: We have two familiars.

Murph: We could do the long way through the woods.

Lou: Yeah, I mean, yeah, I trust Liam getting us through the woods and all
those sorts of things so...

Siobhan: Yeah, I don't think Caramelinda will be very good at climbing.

Lou: That's right, yep.

Brennan: Yeah, you could also do a mixture of the two. Like, where Muffinfield
ends and begins you could cut through a little bit of Muffinfield which will
get you to a very shallow ascending stretch of deep forest that will go up
into the mountains so it's like one little bit of traveling through a
populated area and then gets you into deep wilderness and a safe, slow route
into the mountains.

Siobhan: How long would the traveling through Muffinfield take?

Brennan: You could probably cut through this part of Muffinfield in like a
day, a day or two.

Lou: That's if we were walking through populated areas.

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: And if we take the woods?

Brennan: If you go the woods the whole way it will add probably like two or
three weeks to your travels.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Brennan: But if you cut through a little bit of Muffinfield and get to this
stretch of forest you can probably get to Manylicks in two-ish, two-and-a-
half-ish weeks or something like that and then-

Lou: But if we go through the town it's one day?

Murph: It's a day?

Brennan: No, sorry. It's one day traveling through Muffinfield to get to the
safe forest.

Murph: Got it.

Lou: Okay, yeah, what if we just went through populated Muffinfield?

Brennan: You could probably take roads to get you to Manylicks in like a week.

Siobhan: A week versus two to three weeks.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: We have two Disguise Self. You could cast Invisibility on someone. We
can try to find some sort of, like, cart.

Siobhan: It just seems so dangerous, these people. I just don't trust them.

Ally: I speak Ceresian.

Siobhan: Yeah, but...

Zac: Do you have good Deception?

Ally: Uh, Deception, no.

Siobhan: I don't think Liam's very Deceptive.

Ally: \- 2.

Siobhan: And Invisibility I can only cast on one person 'cause it's
concentration.

Murph: It might be best to just-

Ally: I have Pass Without a Trace.

Siobhan: They both also last only for an hour.

Murph: Pass Without a Trace, how long does that last for?

Ally: And that gives us what? That was like plus 10 to deception?

Murph: Yeah.

Zac: To Stealth.

Ally: It's an hour.

Murph: An hour's not super super helpful.

Siobhan: Yeah, and this is a week, a whole week of stuff, so...

Murph: We could do the split. We could just do-

Siobhan: Yeah, I say we-

Murph: Go through Muffinfield for a little bit and then do the woods.

Siobhan: And then do the woods.

Murph: We might as well, if we can't decide let's just split down the middle.

Lou: All right.

Siobhan: And then we could even- Could we do that day of Muffinfield, see how
it feels and then make the decision?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Murph: Yeah, let's do that.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll a little luck check in front of the board. You guys
want high. 16!

Ally: Hey.

Lou: That's high.

Brennan: You guys journey through Muffinfield. You go on small country roads
headed towards this section of the forest. Yeah, it's probably about like, you
know, about 50 to 60 miles to where these woods begin and you're cutting
across a couple of townships and some roads and things like that, but you
know, Muffinfield is a very rich county, rich province, and as you're
traveling you see that there are lots of Bulbian churches here. And you begin
to see the difference between this place and Port Syrup. Here the flags of
House Cruller fly, and you see that there are some Imperial flags around, some
things of the Concordant Empire. A lot of churches here. You're heading
through sort of the largest township you've had to head through just 'cause
it's where a bridge over a deep river is and sort of the fastest way to get.
It's, you know, probably late afternoon. This is probably a good place for you
to cast Pass Without Trace just to get through here very sneakily.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: As you're moving through this town, you look up and you see that
there's a lot of people gathered in the town square, and that there is a
Mummers Troupe. There's like a big puppet show happening of some traveling
performers outside the church. So there's a lot of children laughing and
clapping. There's sort of a little late summer festival happening.

Cumulous: Do not watch this.

Murph: Yeah, I grab Amethar.

Liam: Really?

Cumulous: Do not watch this.

Ally: Come on, just a peek, maybe it's about us!

Cumulous: It most definitely will be.

Theobald: Yeah, I think it might be.

Brennan: Actually, go ahead and make a Perception check for me.

Lou: 13.

Brennan: You see that there is a cloddish pink and purple puppet wearing a
crown that has a grotesque erection.

Lou: Do I have Pass Without a Trace on.

Brennan: Yeah, you do.

Lou: I shake off Theobald and I watch for a second.

Ally: What all puppets are in play right now for these kids?

Brennan: There is-

Ally: I'm watching, too.

Brennan: There is this grotesque, it's fucked up. There's like, you see that-
You know, the adults are laughing, people are laughing and there's this sort
of little troubadour kind of music like a mandolin, a little flute going.

Ally: Can I see anything about the people who are doing the puppet?

Brennan: Yeah, there's a bunch of performers out there. You see that they
appear to be performing on the steps of the church. That this is sort of like
a morality play. Like, the Church in this, like very pious regions like this
one wouldn't allow performances that were not about sort of religious life.
You see that there's also, you know, it's like the whole town's kind of out
here. There's people laughing and a bunch of people drinking ale or drinking
like cola. You see that the puppeteer who's manning Amethar- That there are,
there's a sort of complex puppet of Queen Caramelinda that sort of looks sort
of vacant and spacey and moving around. And there's also two puppets that are
joined at the hip. It's just one puppet of Jet and Ruby. And they're made to
look kind of feral. They have fangs and you see that they have sort of upside
down symbols of the Bulb on their head.

Zac: Is there, Cumulous is gonna check if there's a Cumulous puppet.

(Brennan laughing)

Zac: Nat 20.

Siobhan: What a waste.

Brennan: You don't see a Cumulous puppet, but you do see that there is a guy
furiously making a puppet behind the puppet show and it's Theobald, he's
making a Theobald puppet.

Theobald: Are you jealous?

Cumulous: [flatly] Of course not.

(Brennan laughing)

Theobald: You know this is bad, right?

Cumulous: I know it is bad.

Theobald: Yes.

Cumulous: But I said I was not jealous.

Ruby: Everybody keep going, I— Everybody keep going.

Brennan: You see that the sort of buffoonish Amethar puppet is like in this,
flopping around and goes,

Amethar Puppet: The royal life is such a snore, and piety an awful chore. Much
better still a maid to gore or Caramel, the king's new whore.

[cheerful carnival-like music]

Brennan: And people clap and there's laughter going around. And Amethar and
Ruby, and you see Caramelinda just stares as you are all clouded in Liam's
shadowy magic. You see that a puppet of the Pontifex comes with this little
bat and knocks the crown off Amethar's head and starts spanking him and
everyone starts going nuts and laughing.

Siobhan: I use Prestidigitation to set the puppets on fire.

(Brennan laughing)

Siobhan: And then I'm gonna cast Disguise Self on myself, make myself a little
muffin lady.

Lou: Can I grab Ruby?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: You grab Ruby.

Ruby: What a terrible omen, oh my goodness!

Amethar: We're done.

Lou: I start leaving.

Zac: I can't believe I got a fucking nat 20 on that.

(Brennan laughing)

Zac: It's always the dumbest shit.

Brennan: You guys head off into the woods.

Lou: I was convinced that was gonna be worse. Lighting things on fire's not
bad. I thought you were gonna shoot somebody.

Brennan: Roll another luck check as you get into the woods. But I'll roll
this, I told you these were saves so I'll roll with advantage. 18.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You guys arrive here in the deep woods and start traveling. You
travel here for a couple days. It's gonna be a little bit slow going, but
you're making your way. Now you're like deep into the actual Great Stone Candy
Mountains so you know these woods. You haven't been in these exact woods, but
you're kind of home here. You guys travel, mostly it's Liam hunting and taking
care of you guys. You pass one farmstead which is not even connected anywhere
by a road, but the sort of old farm wife takes you in. You see that she's
here, she's got a good little marshmallow dog and an old Meep out in the
stable. You see that she sort of takes you in and feeds you. And as you guys
are leaving the next morning she says, again, like deep in the woods she says,

Old Farmer: Well, may the spirits rest and keep you, and health to you and to
the good King Jadain.

Lou: Oh.

Ruby: And to you.

Liam: And to you.

Brennan: She smiles and—

Amethar: Jadain says, goodbye.

Lou: Me? Does she think that I'm Jadain?

Brennan: I assume you’ve been traveling without your like royal—

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an Insight check.

Lou: Oh, very bad, 4.

Brennan: You have no idea what she thinks.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: She's addled or confused. Anyone else can make an Insight check that
wants to.

Siobhan: I got a 21.

Brennan: You are in a section of Candia that is so remote now that this woman
hadn't heard that Jadain is not the King anymore.

Lou: Oh, Jadain is my father.

Brennan: Jadain is your father.

Lou: Got it, Jadain, got it, I'm caught up.

Brennan: Yeah, Jadain, yeah, she literally says, like, “may health to you and
to the good King Jadain.”

Brennan: And Ruby you're like- It's insulting in a different way than what
happened in the Muffinfield town because this is like, wow, there are some
people in the world who don't-

Ruby: How blissful.

(Brennan and Murph laughing)

Brennan: And you guys head off into the mountains.

Zac: Hold it up for the camera.

Lou: No, I'm not gonna.

Brennan: What are you guys doing as you rest at night?

Murph: I think I also want to talk to Liam and just say kinda quietly as we
sit around the fire, I just wanna say,

Theobald: Thank you for preserving Jet. That was, it would have been easy for
you to just run away, but she deserved a—

Liam: She did. She did deserve that, yeah. It was second nature, so yeah.
Those fucking guys, Ciabatta.

Theobald: Those fucking guys.

Liam: I say, first it's carrot.

Theobald: Mm-hmm.

Liam: I've been practicing a lot.

Theobald: Okay.

Liam: And I'm really accurate now, and I'm gonna fucking shred that carrot.

Theobald: Yes, I don't like to kind of show my angry side in front of the
others, I try to keep it together, but between you and I-

Liam: Yeah.

Theobald: I would really like to shred that carrot.

Liam: Yeah, same way.

Theobald: Really like to shred that carrot.

Liam: And then I would like to shred that Ciabatta.

Ruby: I'm gonna slice that bread.

Liam: [startled] Whoa!

Theobald: Princess Ruby, we must practice safety.

Liam: What's this old bread lady doing here? (laughs)

Cumulous: I too would like to shred.

Liam: What is going on?

Theobald: Oh my God, good God, we need to be-

Liam: Can we not have one private conversation?

Cumulous: I've heard stories.

Brennan: Everyone, just for this first week go ahead and give me a group
stealth check.

Ally: And we have-

Zac: With Pass Without Trace?

Brennan: No, 'cause Pass Without Trace is only an hour so we're not gonna do
Pass Without Trace.

Murph: Can familiars help?

Siobhan: I got a not nat 20.

Brennan: Not nat 20.

Murph: Familiars help or no?

Brennan: No familiars help.

Siobhan: Oh.

Murph: Fuck me!

Lou: I got—

Murph: Oh, that is a natural 1.

Ally: Hey.

Brennan: Natural 1, 2—

Lou: I did a 7. This is a 7.

Brennan: A 7, sorry.

Ally: 17.

Zac: 13.

Lou: 7.

Siobhan: With just without familiar help I got a 14.

Brennan: Okay. You guys are traveling along and you're going through these
deep woods. Now what I'd like- I'm gonna roll a little roll back here.

Murph: My familiar is helping me but also biting me so I'm yelping.

Ally: Ah!

Brennan: You guys are traveling through the woods up here. And you get to a-
You're like exiting the forests now. You're exiting- These are like dark,
purple, like lolly pines and then peppermint trees around them. You start
getting into the rocky, like high mountains. You're going through a pass in
this deep crevice with rocky ledges on either side of the actual Great Stone
Candy Mountains. You look up ahead and you see that in the middle of the pass
there is a fallen rock on top of what looks like a- There's a very small, like
a child trying to pull an even smaller child out from under a fallen rock and
you see a tiny, little gingerbread boy with a little kind of like Peter Pan
cap in the classic- Like he's almost like two-dimensional. And you know, he's
got like little buttons. And he's going,

Gingerbread Boy: [high, squealing] Oh, jeez, oh no! The rock fell down! Oh,
don't die, my little buddy. Don't worry, we're gonna get you help, pal, oh!

Ally: I shoot him.

Brennan: You shoot him?

(players clamoring)

Lou: Wait, wait, wait.

Zac: I do wanna make an Insight check on this for sure.

Ally: Yeah, me too, me too, Insight check before I fire.

Lou: Honestly, if Liam lifts his bow I go,

Amethar: (whispering) Yeah, that feels right.

(laughing)

Siobhan: I got a 21.

Murph: I got another fucking 1.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Brennan: A fucking 1, cool.

Lou: I also got a nat 1.

Brennan: A nat 1.

Zac: I got 21.

Murph: I charge towards the ginger, I'm gonna say—

Cumulous: Wait.

Murph: I got a 1, and Theobald would try to help this kid.

Ally: He's bread, he's fucking bread, y'all, wake up.

(Lou and Brennan laughing)

Ally: These are my mountains!

Lou: Wake up, y'all motherfuckers are bread!

Zac: This is fucking ambush looking.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Theo rushes forward to help. As you rush forward you rush up to this
little gingerbread boy and he goes,

Gingerbread Boy: Golly mister, thanks so much for—

Ally: I fire.

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Dexterity saving throw from you.

Ally: All right, all right, (laughs) what's my Dex?

Brennan: Oh, your Dexterity saving's in your saving throws column.

Ally: Interesting.

Murph: You got plus 7.

Ally: Plus 7. Good thing 'cause that's a 15.

Brennan: 15, you jump out of the way and your shot flies off as a net shoots
up from the ground. And you guys see that the walls of the cliff around you on
either side fill with about 40 people holding crossbows.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Murph: And I'm in a net?

Brennan: Yeah, you give me a Dexterity saving throw if you'd be so kind.

Murph: That's a 2! 1, 1, 2. Murph's back, baby!

(Brennan laughing)

Zac: That's unreal.

Brennan: You go up in the net with the little gingerbread boy who brings the
doll he's holding. He was holding a little doll. It was what he was trying to
pull out from under the rock, he's holding it and he pulls out a little
lollipop shard knife as he goes up in the net with you to hold it to your
throat and goes,

Gingerbread Boy: I'm gonna put my knife inside you.

Theobald: What are you?

Gingerbread Boy: Right inside you.

Theobald: Why?

Gingerbread Boy: I don't give a shit.

Theobald: Where do you-

Gingerbread Boy: I'll end your fucking life.

Theobald: Where are your parents?

Gingerbread Boy: Oh, I fuckin'\- They're dead.

Theobald: Why are they dead?

Gingerbread Boy: I put 'em in the fucking ground.

Theobald: Why?

Liam: What?

Gingerbread Boy: Why? Oh, because they wanted to send me to a little Bulbian
monastery.

Theobald: I don't like the Bulb either!

Brennan: As you say that you see that there is a- You see he shouts up and
says,

Gingerbread Boy: Hey Gooey, this guy says he doesn't like the Bulb!

Brennan: And you see that there is a deep sort of like dark purple with red
hair chocolate warrior woman who's armored who just one half of her face is
melting. She just looks like she's been horribly burned. She goes,

Gooey: Swifty, you say we have some enemies of the Church down there?

Swifty: Sounds like it, unless this guy's a little fucking liar!

Theobald: I'm not a liar, put the candy dagger away!

Swifty: You know what I do to liars, right?

Theobald: I don’t- I assume-

Swifty: The same thing I do to everybody!

Theobald: What you did to your parents.

Swifty: I stab 'em!

Theobald: I know, I know your parents-

Swifty: I'm a fucked up little guy.

Theobald: You're a fucked up little guy. Look, this has been a recent thing,
but fuck the Bulb!

Amethar: Yeah, yeah, fuck the Bulb.

Theobald: We don't like the Bulb.

Zac: That child stabs everyone?

Brennan: You see that this enormous viking-looking kind of chocolate guy with
this deeply chocolaty beard steps out, he's got like a horned helmet. You see
that everyone sort of clanks their weapons at the same time as he steps out on
a ledge. You see that Gooey looks over to him and says,

Gooey: What do you think, Jon Bon? [cocks her head towards Theo]

Cumulous: The man's name is Jon Bon.

Brennan: You see he looks down at you and says,

Jon Bon: [deep, gravelly voice] Jon Bon Bon Jon.

Jon Bon and Cumulous exchange looks.

Cumulous: ...Do I say my name?

Brennan: You see he looks and says,

Jon Bon: Enemies of the Church. Enemies of the Church have business with the
Queen.

Brennan: You hear, ringing off the walls you hear,

Marauders: Love live the Queen, long live the Queen, long live the Queen!

Murph: I look at Caramelinda.

Theobald: This is good, this is good!

Brennan: She looks and says,

Caramelinda: I think so?

Cumulous: Who is your Queen?

Brennan: You see that Jon Bon looks over to Gooey and goes,

Jon Bon: (laughs deeply) Who's our queen?

Brennan: Gooey looks back and goes, looks over at Swifty the little
gingerbread man and says,

Gooey: (chuckles) Who is our queen?

Brennan: Swifty goes,

Swifty: (laughs hysterically) Who the fuck is our Queen?

Amethar: Do none of you know?

Ruby: Yeah, that's what we asked.

Swifty: I fucking know.

Brennan: And he stabs you a little bit.

Theobald: All right, ow, why, no!

Swifty: Oh!

Ally: I hold my bow up in the air and I go,

Liam: I'm from the House of Rocks! I'm Liam Wilhelmina, I live in these
mountains. Take this net down immediately.

Swifty: Oh, it's Count Freezyburg, the Jawbreaker's boy.

[Ally makes a shooting noise]

Brennan: You shoot him? yeah.

Ally: I fire at the fucking thing.

Brennan: Go for it, shoot him.

Ally: Yeah, interesting, that's 16.

Brennan: 16 is going to hit.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: So you can go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: 16 hits that little boy?

Brennan: Hits that little boy.

Siobhan: It's your first attack of the day.

Ally: Yep, let's see, I got a lot with this one.

Siobhan: Fuck that little shit up.

Ally: I get Sneak Attack.

Siobhan: Yeah, you do 'cause he's next to...

Cumulous: We're all gonna die.

Siobhan: Theo.

Ally: That's, let's see, 14, 18, 20.

Theobald: I am going to use Swirlwarden and use my reaction to take the shot
from Liam.

Brennan: You take the damage.

Liam: What are you doing?!

Theobald: Liam, calm down, okay?

Brennan: You see—

Theobald: If this little guy wanted to slit my throat, he would have done it,
he's very stabby. He's only stabbed me a little bit.

Swifty: I only look like a kid, I'm 43 years old!

Theobald: He's 43 years old.

Liam: You're all talk!

Cumulous: I knew it!

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,

Swifty: I used to be married.

Theobald: (laughs) Okay, what happened to your wife?

Cumulous: I don't care, I don't care.

Swifty: It didn't work out!

Liam: Why?

Ruby: Stop giving his backstory.

Swifty: Okay, yeah.

Liam: Why didn't your marriage work out?

Ruby: Who is the queen?

Cumulous: Can we talk to anyone else?

Brennan: You see he says,

Swifty: [threateningly] Oh sure, you can all talk to the queen.

Ruby: Yes, we want that!

Theobald: We would like to talk to the queen!

Liam: We have-

Brennan: You see they start going,

Marauders: [chanting] To the queen.

Ruby: Oh no!

Brennan: You see that these guys all are wearing makeshift armor. They have
nasty, weird weapons, they look like stole- Everything they have looks like it
was taken off of a bloody fucking corpse, and they scale and rappel down the
mountainside, surround you guys, and begin to manacle all of you, just,

(mimics metal latching)

Theobald: Liam—

Ally: Can I try to get out of it?

Siobhan: I make sure that my thieves' tools are hidden in my hands so I can-

Brennan: Give me a Sleight of Hand check.

Ally: I have thieves' tools also.

Brennan: You wanna Sleight of Hand 'em?

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: With advantage or no?

Brennan: Yes, you can do it.

Ally: Yeah, 23!

Siobhan: 17.

Brennan: Cool, you stash these away and they begin to march you down the track
and then you see that Jon Bon moves this enormous boulder and a hidden path
that is part of a crevice that is like almost just from the natural formation
of the rock like hidden from view as you walk past it. They begin to single
file march you guys down. All of you have like five of these marauders in
between you, they're all Candian you see, but all of them look like, fucked up
or messed up. A lot of them have tattoos in Old Sucrosi like Sweetening Path
stuff. None of them have anything Bulbian on them. You see that some of them
have necklaces of like Ceresian or Vegetanian ears on like a leather thong.
Some of them have stolen religious relics that have been defiled or marred and
broken. They look—

Liam: These are Jet's people.

(Brennan laughing)

Cumulous: Cousin, I think these are Candian hillbillies.

Ally: Would I know any of these people? Would they know Count Jawbreaker? Or
can I start talking to people about that?

Brennan: Give me a Wisdom check, just a flat Wisdom check. Let's call it DC
15.

Ally: Okay, 10.

Brennan: Cool, you don't recognize any of these people personally, but they
look like mountain folk. Although it's weird, some of them, like Jon Bon is
clearly mountain folk, but some of them look like Candian sailors. One
person's talking in like a Port Syrup accent. Other people seem to be from the
West Cake or, you know, you even hear one person might be from Dulcington or
something, but all of them- None of them look like they've been in civil
society for years. These are not like people who are like, hey, maybe I'll
join this marauder's gang 'cause times are hard. These are like, people who
have been living this life for a while.

Zac: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: And you see that Swifty gets out of your net and says,

Swifty: I'll go give word to base camp.

(wind rushing)

Brennan: And he is gone, there is just a blast of wind and he tears down the
track and is vanished in a second.

Cumulous: Run, run, as fast as you can.

Liam: No, no.

Swifty: That's right, motherfucker. Fuck your shit up, fastest gingerbread man
in the Great Stone-

Cumulous: Fuck my shit up?

Swifty: [truly upsetting level of shrieking] Right up, I don't give a fuck!

Brennan: And you see he just screams off into the mountains.

Amethar: Honestly I'm happier that he's gone.

Ruby: Yeah.

Amethar: I'm just glad he's not around, his voice is at a pitch that is truly,
truly...

Ruby: Unpleasant.

Theobald: Sometimes I can't hear it.

Amethar: Exactly, yeah.

Theobald: I feel like I'm too old to hear it.

(mumbles hysterically)

Ruby: I can hear every moment of it and it's terrible. I've never wanted to be
older more.

Brennan: You guys are brought through this pass, Caramelinda looking around
getting the impression that she's probably not the queen.

Murph: Theobald has also realized that at this point.

Theobald: Oh.

Brennan: You are brought to a giant cliff face that you see is full of ledges.
There's like an old, there's menhir stones, there's standing stones with
Sucrosi runes kind of like in The Sugar-Plum Fairy grove near Castle Candy and
it looks like there's an ancient fortification here that is pre brick and
mortar. It's like just stacked stones built into the natural formations of the
cliff side. This place is old. It is covered in a layer of snow and it is
freezing here, cold wind blows through this place. You see that this place has
even more marauders. There's like probably 100 or 200 here. And as they bring
you in they begin to march you into the caves that are illuminated by this
sort of glowing, freezing light as you enter and you can see right away that
this is not alchemical light. There is something magical at work here.

Zac: I think I just remembered a thing in our last fight where I remember when
Liam was shooting his bow I felt a similar, maybe, feeling, presence. Is that,
can I make a check to see if that feels correct-

Brennan: Sure, give me an Arcana check.

Zac: Okay. (laughs) So it's a 2.

Brennan: 2, cool, cool, cool. You're looking around, this place is wild. Even
with a 2, it's powerful magic emanating from this place, but you don't see a
similarity to Liam's thing here necessarily. You march through and you begin
to hear. (chanting deeply) (mimics pounding) And the vibe of this queen, this
is not like royal fanfare purely. You sense that the devotion of these
followers to their queen borders on the religious. You are brought into this
giant hall illuminated with these ice-blue torches being lit. You smell sugar
and vanilla and freezing mint and deep, rich chocolate and a little hint of
some cherry, a little cherry on top. You hear this chanting continue.
(chanting deeply) (mimics pounding) And (mimics fire roaring) two huge
braziers are lit. And as the fire begins to glow the light creeps up the
stairs as the fires expand. You see that the woman, Gooey, stands on the other
side of the beginning of these steps going up this dais to an enormous throne
still in shadow, and as the light extends as the fires grow brighter she calls
out,

Gooey: All kneel for Her Majesty, Queen Saccharina of the House of Frostwhip,
first of her name, sovereign ruler of Candia and the Sugarlands, Witch-Queen
of the Dairy Sea and High Priestess of the Sweetening Path, Archmage of Lost
Sucrosia, and enemy of the faith. (mimics pounding) The Sundae Sorceress and
Storm-Captain of the Frosted Fleet!

Brennan: (mimics pounding and fire roaring) The fire rages to its utmost
height and you see for the first time the figure seated in the throne as your
captors slam you to your knees. Emily, you wanna come in?

Siobhan: What?

(laughing)

Zac: Why?

Murph: Is she Gooey?

Ally: What?

(laughing)

Lou: Are you Swifty? Swifty.

Emily: I'm Swifty!

Brennan: Yeah!

Siobhan: Oh my God, you're so annoying.

Emily: I'm back, baby, and I got spell cards!

Players: Oh!

Siobhan: Oh my God, that's even more than I have. How did we do this? How did
we get all spelly again?

(laughing)

Brennan: As the fire reaches the throne, Emily, could you please describe the
figure they see illuminated towering over the hall.

Emily: Okay, so I'm basically like a warrior ice cream sundae. I have sort of
like a caramel cape going down my back. I've got sort of cherry epaulets, very
military, but also sweet. And then I've got a Mohawk that's dyed to be the
colors of Neapolitan ice cream. And at my side I have Winterscoop the Spooning
Staff, and then I've also got two swords.

(Siobhan gasps)

Zac: What?

Brennan: Yes indeed, this woman is partially armored holding a clearly magical
staff in the shape of a giant wood-wrought spoon frosted with ice cream on the
top.

Emily: And I'm also wearing plate mail.

Brennan: Yes, that is correct and then has a full long sword, short sword
bound set with the magical sword Freezerburn at her side. You behold
Saccharina. Saccharina, you see the prisoners have been brought to you.

Ally: I use my mage tools to undo my thing, but still look like I'm being
held.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, me, too, yeah. And I also use my Mage Hand to unlock
everybody else's.

Saccharina: I would have freed you soon enough. [little laugh] Hi.

Ruby: We're not free.

Saccharina: Well, I mean, no one really is in a monarchy if you think about
it, right?

Liam: Wow.

Cumulous: Aren't you a queen?

Saccharina: Yes. I am the legal heir. Well, I am instead, I am the legal Queen
of Candia and the Sugarlands.

Brennan: Queen Caramelinda looks at you and says,

Caramelinda: By what claim are you legal queen of Candia?

Saccharina: Oh, I'm sorry, was I introduced as Saccharina Frostwhip? Some
other people might know me as Saccharina Ghee.

Amethar groans slightly.

Liam: Word travels really fast. I'm Liam, I am also from these Candy
Mountains.

Saccharina: Ah yes, oh, you are the child of Jawbreaker.

Liam: Yes, exactly.

Saccharina: I have heard such wonderful things about all of your mothers and
fathers.

Liam: Yes, they're great. I was wondering since you know who I am you could
let me go and I could shoot that gingerbread guy in the face.

Saccharina: Swifty.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Saccharina: Yeah, it doesn't work—

Swifty: Love to see you try, asshole!

Liam: Oh, come on!

Saccharina: Yeah, I—

Liam: I get out of my chains. I didn't need 'em.

Saccharina: Honestly, Swifty's a sick fuck, take a stab at him.

Liam immediately yells in rage.

Swifty: You're stupid if you think I wouldn't be into it.

Liam: What?

Theobald: He's gonna like it. Just don't hurt him.

Liam: You wanna die?

Swifty: Oh, life is torture! (laughs)

Liam: I kind of agree, can I make Swifty my new familiar?

Theobald: You wanna be friends with him, Liam?

Liam: Look, he kind of reminds me a lot of Preston. Preston always had a weird
look in his eye.

Swifty: Who's Preston? I don't have context for this.

Lou: I stand up.

Amethar: So, I'm looking at my daughter.

(soft instrumental music)

Saccharina: Uh, you said it, not me. Don't worry, I'm not here to sort of
rekindle some relationship or make up for lost time. I have no illusions about
any of that, but I do think that we could all be of use to each other.

Amethar: I mean, I believe that, definitely.

Liam: Yeah.

Amethar: I guess one thing, starting this relationship off, this already poor
relationship off with some bad news, no longer is House Rocks heir to the
throne, I've been dethroned and-

Saccharina: Yes.

Amethar: Jordan [sic] of House Jawbreaker is now king.

Saccharina: Well, you were excommunicated, but the daughter of your legal
marriage still has a claim to the throne, and perhaps a less controversial one
than Jawbreaker who is in open rebellion with the Concord?

Amethar: Right, I mean, shit.

Ruby: I'm sorry, are we supporting this person?

Brennan: Everyone here go ahead and give me a flat Intelligence check.

Murph: 14.

Lou: 11.

Zac: 10.

Brennan: Or actually History.

Murph: Oh, sweet.

Lou: Oh, in that case 11.

Siobhan: My History is worse than my Intelligence so I got a 10.

Murph: What'd I say, 14?

Brennan: Hm?

Murph: I said 14?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: That's actually 16.

Brennan: Theobald, as Saccharina speaks— By the way, you see that Saccharina's
forces, as you guys stand and take your manacles off, all of them back away.

Saccharina: Oh, let me make you more comfortable.

Emily: I Create Bonfire for them.

Brennan: (mimics fire roaring) In a raw display of magic Saccharina creates a
roaring, warm fire in front of you.

Saccharina: I like it a lot colder than most people, but I'm sympathetic to
other people's temperatures. [smiling]

Brennan: Theobald, you recognize that what Saccharina has just said is
profoundly accurate.

(pensive instrumental music)

Brennan: If Saccharina is who she says she is, if she is the daughter of
Amethar Rocks and Catherine Ghee that means that even with excommunicating
Amethar, the Pontifex could not have expelled Candia from the Concord if the
crown didn't pass to Joren Jawbreaker which means that all of this, all of
Ciabatta being in Dulcington and Castle Candy, all of this is wrong. In other
words, the Dairy Lands wouldn't be in any danger of supporting you and in fact
Vegetania, everybody else, there is no removal of Candia from the Concord if
the crown didn't pass to Joren. And if this person is telling the truth then
that means the crown didn't pass to Joren, it passed to her.

Murph: I'd like to cast Message and relay that to my king.

Lou: Can I make an Insight check as to whether or not I believe this person to
be my daughter?

Brennan: Give me an insight check with advantage.

Lou: Great. Uh yeah, that's gonna be 20, oh sorry, 19.

Brennan: With a 19, what does Amethar see on your face?

Emily: He sees Catherine Ghee's eyes for sure.

Brennan: Not only do you see Catherine Ghee's eyes, you see a familiar
swagger. Obviously Saccharina has a very unique bearing. She, from how she got
introduced she's here as a witch-queen deep in the mountains with a band of
marauders serving her in a reverent tone. You see Catherine Ghee's eyes and
you see that as she sort of stands at the front of her throne her standing in
a manner of confidence and unafraid welcome matches a pose that you recognize
in yourself.

Lou: Ah, I message back to Theobald.

Amethar: Yeah.

Saccharina: Now, I hope you don't mind, as soon as I heard what the nets
dragged in I prepared a little feast for you. I assumed you would all be
hungry.

Liam: Oh, I'm pretty hungry.

Theobald: Forgive us, Lady Saccharina.

Saccharina: Forgiven, moving on.

Theobald: We've been betrayed quite a few times recently. If you knew we were
coming why were we brought in nets?

Saccharina: Oh, I didn't know you were coming. I didn't mean to catch you in
the net. What I've been trying to catch in the net is people who are trying to
attack me. That was a mere coincidence, but Swifty ran ahead and told me of
the sort of arcane power of the party that he had just picked up, and I
suppose I didn't know I was preparing a feast for my father and my little
sister and a cotton candy man, but—

Cumulous: We are actually related, too, very distantly.

Amethar: Yeah, he's your cousin Cumulous.

Saccharina: I actually recognize you. Are you of the Order of the Spinning
Star?

Cumulous: Spinning Star, yes.

Saccharina: (sighs) I can just feel Lazuli's fingerprints all over you.

Ruby: Oh, please, you don't...

Saccharina: I don't what?

Ruby: You're not my sister, and you're not my queen.

Saccharina: Honestly, I don't need to be either.

Ruby: Good!

Brennan: You see that Gooey kneels in front of you and says,

Gooey: Your Majesty, my queen, I'm sorry that we accosted your family so
roughly. In the manner of their dress we thought they were Bulbians come up
the pass from Muffinfield. My apologies, Your Majesty.

Liam: I thought I kinda like the shirt, I like it. This is Bulbian camo?

Saccharina: It's a little Bulbian.

Liam: I pick up candy and I just start...

Saccharina: A lot of the Bulbian missionaries wear camo. They come up here
with their guitars and their camo.

Liam: No!

Saccharina: They sing songs.

Cumulous: How do you know of Lazuli?

Saccharina: Well, I've studied just about everything she's ever done. I am her
niece, after all so I've seen her in some dreams long ago, but I also...

Liam: What kinda—

Saccharina: I'm chasing— Oh sorry, yes?

Liam: What?

Saccharina: Forgiven.

Liam: No, thank you, so polite! Whoa, it's almost unnerving.

Saccharina: I'm on a quest to unearth some of her more explosive studies.

Zac: Can I make a Insight check to see if-

Murph: Yeah, can I also?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Murph: Theobald is very interested in this.

Zac: Is it, it's-

Murph: Oh hell yeah, that is a 21.

Zac: 16.

Brennan: 16, okay. Cumulous, what are you looking for in Saccharina?

Emily: Bra size 36C.

Ally: Two scoops.

[cast laughs, especially Emily]

Zac: I message...

Emily: Actually three, I am a sundae.

Zac: I'm trying to understand what she means by explosive studies.

Brennan: You focus your sight on her. With a 16, you have not seen anyone this
powerfully magical since the Archmage Lazuli. Immediately the thought crosses
your mind about all of the lost secrets, the fact that like you said before,
all of these arcane and powerful machines and spells and arcane focuses that
the Archmage Lazuli had created have been worn and lost to time and beyond
repair and none of your order know how to fix them. You think of your
teleportation rune. You think of all of the standing stones around the
countryside and you look at Saccharina and immediately see someone with the
arcane power to bring some of that old world back.

Emily: Can I have like a tiny storm happening in my hand.

(Brennan mimics wind howling)

Ruby: Okay, now she's just showing off.

Amethar: I don't like it.

Ruby: I hate this.

Brennan: You think about the exhaustion.

Saccharina: I can hear you.

Ruby: I know.

Brennan: Of maintenance which is what the Order of the Spinning Star has done,
just trying to prevent the loss of anything more. And a feeling comes over
Cumulous of having spent so much of your life fighting just to prevent loss,
seeing someone that could actually bring things back.

Zac: I think Cumulous bows.

Saccharina: Oh, thank you. A handshake will do, though. [holds out her hand]

Cumulous, who is on significantly lower floor than her, reaches very far up to
shake her hand.

(cast laughing)

Emily: I lean down from the dais.

Brennan: From the dais. You see that your marauders start bringing out tables
and mess halls like, there's clearly an amount of royal reverence here, but
also you guys are like marauders in the mountains so like some rough-hewn
tables of Candian food starts coming out, big cauldrons of stew. It's getting
a little Robin Hoody in here for sure. Theobald, you got a 21, right?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: What are you looking for?

Murph: I think to Theo she's kind of saying all of the right things and I
think I just look down at my new familiar, Princess, and I go,

Theobald: Jet, Lazuli, should we trust her?

Brennan: Hold on one second. [rolls a die, then hisses] Bites your hand.

Theobald: Well, you do that all the time, but that's not super helpful,
Princess.

Brennan: Bites it three times.

Theobald: Oh, okay. That seems different.

Murph: I also bow.

Saccharina: Again, we shake hands here. No one has gotten the memo, but yeah.

Cumulous: Cousin, I know that this is enormously complicated, but I think that
this is a very good thing.

Amethar: I mean, I don't think it's a bad thing, but the truth is, Your
Highness, Majesty.

Saccharina: You can just call me Saccharina, I am your daughter.

Amethar: Great, Saccharina, as much as a feast would be pleasant right now, we
are currently committed to defending Candia which is currently under attack by
the Bulbian Church, and we really have no time for a feast.

Saccharina: I suppose what I am- First off, I am delighted to hear that time
is of the essence to you because it is for me as well. I merely offered a
feast as a sort of olive branch.

Theobald: We do need to eat.

Saccharina: And we do have a very hospitable guestroom, you know, for times
like this. No one's ever stayed in it so the registrar is empty, but that
doesn't matter, the point is that Candia is currently under attack, but if you
were to proclaim me Queen then the Pontifex would have no reason to come after
Candia unless she wanted to show her true colors.

Ruby: Well, except for the fact that you're clearly a heretic.

Saccharina: I don't believe she's ever gone after someone for just, you know,
just rumor of heresy.

Ruby: She went after Liam for rumors of heresy, she locked Liam up.

Brennan: You see Manta Ray speaks up and says,

Manta Ray: Right, I think she locked Master Wilhelmina up for casting a spell
in the Grand Tourney. When it was just a rumor of the highway no one had moved
upon the Candian royal family. Basha Myaso, everyone in the world knows that
he follows the Great Beast, but he proclaims himself a Bulbian when he's in
Comida.

Saccharina: There is a general respect from the Concord for the worship or
practices in one's home country.

Ruby: [angrily] How would you know? You just came here out of nowhere. Where
have you even been? Are you just hiding away?

Saccharina: No, unfortunately in order to be seen as a penniless orphan who
escaped a nunnery, I've had to very slowly work my way around this world and
earn every single follower I've ever had. So no, I actually haven't hidden
because that would be certain death for someone born with nothing.

Amethar: Enough!

Lou: I take the crown off my head and I throw it.

(metal clanking)

Amethar: You want it, you got it, now help us protect this place.

Saccharina: That is all I want to do.

Amethar: Great.

Siobhan: Can I see how my mom is reacting to all of this?

Brennan: She is like, she is full- “This might as well happen.” She's staring
ahead with just a vacant look in her eyes of, like, how bad could Amethar's
mistake have gotten? Great, it's all the way as bad as it can get. With the
exception being that, yeah, I mean, it's the extra, she makes eye contact with
you. You see she looks at you and says,

Caramelinda: My daughter and I are going to take our meals in privacy. We've
been traveling for a long time and I think a private meal, less noise, and a
bath would be welcome.

Brennan: She puts her arm around your shoulder and walks off with you. Yeah,
you just see the look in her face of processing the personal indignity of it
all and the added injury of the political reality of Candia improving with the
entrance of Amethar's offspring. That her claim, if it is respected and
announced to the world, actually means something potentially very helpful for
Candia. And the fact that that's true and that immediately swallowing this is
good for the realm, means your mother hates it even more. She walks off with
you.

Ruby: [whispering] I hate this so much.

Brennan: She squeezes your shoulder.

Saccharina: King Amethar.

Amethar: Hmm.

Saccharina: May I have a word with you at least in the corner?

Amethar: I mean, it doesn't have to be in the corner unless that's where you
want it. Like, you want to be private?

Saccharina: I try not to be private with my politics, but it's personal.

Amethar: All right.

Saccharina: I am sorry that this is the way that I met you. I guess when I was
young I always hoped that I would meet you someday.

(soft instrumental music)

Saccharina: And I know that, you know, I knew that I would have to sort of
earn the love that your other daughters so naturally got, but I just, I
thought, I don't know. I'm sorry that I appear to be such an inconvenience to
you and your family. I didn't intend for it to be this way. I guess I thought
we might all find each other useful.

Amethar: Saccharina, you are currently the greatest boon that Candia has. It's
just that we have been through so much and have so little love in our hearts
to give. When this is all over I'm sure things will be different.

Saccharina: I understand, I'm just trying to apologize for how upset I seem to
have made your party. I thought if I had a feast...

Amethar: I understand.

Saccharina: Then perhaps it would start things off on the right foot.

Amethar: No, I mean, I see where you're coming from and it's just, Ruby and
Caramelinda have been through so much that it's, I can't even imagine where
they are right now. And to meet you in this way is just hard.

Saccharina: Well, I believe I may have been equally inconvenient for my mother
and your wife. (sighs) But there is just so much to do. So who has time to
dwell?

Amethar: Exactly.

Saccharina: Everyone, is everyone eating enough?

Brennan: Manta Ray Jack is like,

Manta Ray: Right, this is great. This is really good.

Ally: Liam's eating a ton.

Murph: Yeah, Theobald's quietly housing a ton of food.

Saccharina: We actually make a really good fermented milk.

Liam: Ooh, I like that!

Saccharina: Fermented yak milk.

Cumulous: Yak?

Brennan: You see that there's a lot of ice cream guys here. It's very clear
that a lot of Saccharina's crew, that she's clearly spent a lot of time in the
Dairy Sea. And even one of her titles is Witch-Queen of the Dairy Sea. You see
there's a lot of pirate-y, occult-looking Dairy sailors as part of her crew as
well. Yeah, a weird mix of occult Sucrosi Sweetening Path people and rough and
tumble sailor-looking warriors. Those who wish to feast, feast. Caramelinda
comes into a private quarters. Some of these people come and draw a bath.
There's some food brought to you. Caramelinda looks up.

(soft piano music)

Ruby: This is, are we letting this happen? Are you letting this happen?

Caramelinda: I can't remember the last time when it felt like I handle on my
own life.

Ruby: But you are the handle.

Caramelinda: Am I? Did I ever stop you or your father or anyone else from
doing what they were going to do? Or have I just spent my whole life crowing
for nothing? You're a woman grown and now the secret is revealed. All of the
crowns on all the heads of all the kingdoms of the world don't know, don't
know what they're doing and don't know what's going to happen next and don't
know how to stop it. Here's what I have control over, I'm gonna take a bath
and I'm gonna eat something.

Ruby: (sighs) Well, I'm not.

Siobhan: What I would like to do is I'd like to cast Invisibility on myself
and I'd like to sneak around and see if I can see what is going on here 'cause
I am so deeply suspicious of everything and everyone.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: I'm chewing really loud.

Brennan: Give me an investigation check.

Emily: At some point I want to talk to Theobald.

Siobhan: Investigation, 16.

Brennan: Cool. Lot of stolen loot, lot of weapons. This is the hideaway of the
merry men. This is a place for Saccharina's marauders to be. They are
surviving on stolen food and weaponry. And it's gruesome. I mean, it's an army
that has forged itself out of nothing. There's no taxes here, there's no
banners that are made in a fancy shop somewhere. This is an army that was
forged from common people by a fucking sorceress out of the wild white sea.

Siobhan: Can I take the amulet of Lazuli out and see if that's doing anything
for me again?

Brennan: (mimics wind howling) You look around. There's just a moment of
seeing your shadow on the wall. (pause) You see, you know, there's like
Saccharina's quarters which are elsewhere in the compound, but there's a lot
of people that are, it's not that they're like locked. It's like there's just
people kind of in them walking around and doing stuff in them. It does seem
pretty transparent and kinda chummy here. And there's a lot of shit about- You
see that there are artifacts of the Order of the Spinning Star. It looks like
they're trying to assemble a lot of lost Candian lore here. And there's also a
room with troop movements. They're trying to keep track of what armies are
doing in the mountains, where they are, what they're up to.

Siobhan: Can I take a look at that and see?

Brennan: Yes, you see obviously there is Jawbreaker's little flag. Cruller has
a flag on Castle Candy. And you see, you know, Saccharina's troops are
scattered throughout the mountains as well, and then there's a lot of
Imperials and Ceresians. Actually, more Ceresians than Imperials in the
mountains. And you see one or two flags of Bulbian holy orders.

Emily: Can I do a Perception check to try to sense that she's invisible?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and give me a perception check.

Emily: Just in case I nat 20.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Can I get a help action from Gooey?

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: Is Gooey your familiar?

Brennan: No, Gooey's her right-hand woman.

Emily: I just figure she's like my right-hand woman, I could like...

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Okay, come on.

Siobhan: Try and see me, bitch.

Emily: (laughs) I'm gonna try. Okay, 25.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Stealth check with advantage and add plus 10
for invisibility.

Siobhan: Stealth with advantage?

Brennan:: Yeah, stealth with advantage, add-

Siobhan: Well, plus 10 already, I have 17 plus 7 so...

Ally: 24.

Siobhan: 24.

Murph: 24, 25.

Brennan: Wait, what were the two numbers you rolled?

Siobhan: I got a 24.

Brennan: Oh, you got a 24.

Siobhan: Yeah. Goddammit.

Brennan: You sense a skulking little invisible thing going around in your
quarters.

Emily: Can I just whisper, like, just look for the warmth? Being like a cold
woman I could probably sense like the warmth of a body a bit. And I just wanna
lean in and say,

Saccharina: I'm not here to take your family, little sister. I look forward to
the day that we are friends.

Siobhan: Invisibly flipping her off.

Brennan: (laughs) Incredible.

Siobhan: You can't see me.

Zac: I feel like Cumulous is holding artifacts, just crying.

Brennan: There's a whole room, there's like a rough-hewn cave wall of like,
new artifact, you're holding it. New artifact, you're holding it, just
touching stuff and being incredibly moved.

Murph: I do think I'd like to speak to Saccharina.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: I'd like to find her.

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: So I kinda walk over to her. And Theobald's in this really weird place
where he is like, subservient to the family but also this is, he wants all of
this magic stuff to happen so...

Brennan: I will bring up actually, Theobald serves the sovereign ruler of
Candia.

Murph: Right, yes, but Theobald's pretty attached to his current people so
he's like, really divided. But I think I'm just gonna kinda casually go up to
Saccharina.

Saccharina: Did you try the fermented yak milk?

Theobald: Yes, it was excellent, thank you.

[cast laughs]

Saccharina: Forgiven.

Theobald: Yeah. Pardon for skipping the small talk, but you've had visions of
Lazuli?

Saccharina: Yes. When I was very young, when my powers were beginning to
manifest themself I, well, I was in a place that did not support magic and I
believe that connection was all but beaten out of me, if I may be so blunt.
But I do recognize her fingerprint on you.

Theobald: You can see that?

Saccharina: Well, her arcane energy is just so powerful and strong and
intoxicating I feel like I can smell it on someone.

Theobald: Right, yeah, she was...

Saccharina: And you, well, you don't stink, but you know, there's a whiff,
there's a whiff.

Theobald: Right, yeah, it's just like an arcane-

Saccharina: I mean, Cumulous stinks.

Theobald: Right, yes.

Saccharina: You know, but there's a whiff from you.

Cumulous is still crying over artifacts.

Theobald: Well, his tears are so like, gooey.

Saccharina: Gooey, will you set up a sleeping bag in the arcane room for
Cumulous.

Gooey: Your Majesty, absolutely.

Saccharina: Yeah.

Gooey: He's crying a lot, should I...?

Theobald: I feel like he's gonna fall apart.

Saccharina: Is it a danger to him?

Theobald: I've known him for two days.

Saccharina: To cry like this?

[Cumulous gasping emotionally]

Theobald: He seems to have survived for a long time so I would assume so, but
he also worked with Lazuli.

Saccharina: (laughing) I mean, it's just… Oh, he found...

Theobald: He found the ring pop.

Saccharina: He found the ring pop. The ring pop.

(Brennan laughing)

Saccharina: This is why I do what I do. Do you see what magic does for people?
Oh, there is just nothing more beautiful.

Ruby: I see visions of Lazuli, too, you're not special.

Saccharina: Yeah, but I also see you even when you're invisible.

Theobald: Wait, Ruby, are you in here?

Ruby: I don't care if you can see me, I can see you.

Theobald: Ruby, none of you wanted to be Queen or anything until just now.

Saccharina: Oh yeah, guess what? I could cast Invisibility on myself and then
we could see if you can see me.

Ruby: Good, I hope you do.

Theobald: All right, children.

Ruby: I hope you do.

Theobald: Everyone relax.

Saccharina: Honestly, it feels really fun to bicker because I didn't have a
sister.

Ruby: [on the verge of tears] Well, I had one and she's dead and you can't
replace her.

Siobhan: I run away.

Murph: I'm still just yelling at Ruby as she's gone 'cause I have no idea.

Saccharina: She's gone, she's gone.

Theobald: She's gone, oh.

Saccharina: It was really loud, it was really loud running away. I'm surprised
you didn't hear.

Theobald: Okay, sorry, with the helmet on I can be...

Saccharina: She slipped at one point. She very obviously opened the door.

Ruby: I didn't slip!

Saccharina: Ah, well...

Cumulous: What's this sleeping bag? Who's it for?

Gooey: Her Majesty the Witch-Queen of the Dairy Sea recommended I get a
sleeping bag and a pillow and some fresh towels for you if you wanna sleep in
the armory hall.

(Zac sobbing softly)

Saccharina: He's gonna cry himself away.

Zac: Cumulous just lays down immediately.

Gooey: You don't have to go to sleep right now.

Cumulous: Right- Not right now?

Theobald: It's nine o'clock.

Cumulous: Okay.

Saccharina: What was your relation to Lazuli?

Theobald: I, um...

Saccharina: I see her in your armor and...

Theobald: Yes, well, I guess I was her bodyguard although the idea of her
having a bodyguard is kind of ridiculous. I carried her scrolls around
generally.

Saccharina: Gooey carries mine.

Gooey: [waves] I carry it.

Theobald: That's- Well met, Gooey.

Liam: Is there a place I can get some more of that fermented goat's milk?

Gooey: Yak milk, right this way.

Liam: Okay, this place is awesome!

Theobald: Well, recently we've had some of our own run-ins with the Bulbian
Church so my faith in the Candian spirits has been reawakened.

Saccharina: That is music to my ears. All I, I mean, I'm sure I'll have to
explain this to everyone at some point because I think I've made a real fuck-
up of a first impression, but I don't really care about the Candian throne. I
see it merely as a very fancy tool. My real goal is what I believe to be
Lazuli's goal is to just bring about a golden age of magic and destroy the
Church.

Murph: I hold up my little Princess snake and I go—

Saccharina: Beautiful beast.

Theobald: Thank you, yes.

Saccharina: We have a lot of those in here in the mountains.

Theobald: I think I know someone who would have liked you very much.

Saccharina: The snake would have liked me?

Theobald: Well the snake, no, she's representative of another. Nevermind-

Saccharina: Lazuli, are you saying Lazuli would have liked me?

Theobald: Um, no-

Saccharina: What is the relation of the snake to Lazuli?

Theobald: I'm gonna go get some more, what is that, yak milk, Liam!

Liam: Yeah, I kinda just ate the rest of it.

Brennan: You guys continue to feast. As you do, after the feast, the fires
begin to dwindle down to embers. The guard is set, you hear the howling of the
wind outside and you guys draw together. Gooey looks over at you, Saccharina,
and says,

Gooey: Um, Your Majesty, do you wish me to bring out the maps now that all is
feasted and done?

Saccharina: Yes.

Brennan: You see that she brings out a number of maps, they set up those troop
things there.

Liam: Would you like me to bring out my seeds?

Saccharina: I would love to see your collections of seeds. There is so much
magic inside of seeds.

Ruby: Oh my God, stop sucking up.

Saccharina: Do you know one time I ate a bunch of seeds and I could fly?

Ruby: She is such a suck-up.

Liam: That happened to my pig!

Saccharina: Really?

Liam: Yes, oh my God!

Saccharina: I mean, I'm limited in how much I can fly, but it was almost as if
the winds obey my command sometimes.

Liam: Yes, yes, sister! Okay, no one has wanted to see my seed book in quite a
time!

Ally: (mimics book plopping on table) I put it on top of the maps.

Brennan: You see Gooey goes,

Gooey: Oh, oh, oh, okay, no!

Liam: Oh, sorry!

Brennan: She starts to put stuff back. You go to look at the map. First of
all, you see that you saw this before. The map has changed somewhat and you
see that Gooey takes the Jawbreaker flag away from Castle Manylicks and puts
it deeper into the Great Stone Candy Mountains. Doesn't address it or anything
but just puts Jawbreaker's flag away from Castle Manylicks. You see,
Saccharina, that Gooey places a little figure of an ice cream cone deep in the
Great Stone Candy Mountains and places several books and tomes next to you in
ancient Sucrosi.

Emily: I open them and I start reading really knowledgeably. I look like I
really understand it.

Brennan: You see-

Siobhan: Can I do an Insight check to see if she can actually read?

Murph: She's really going in on those books.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Murph: Can you not read?

Siobhan: I rolled a 17.

Brennan: 17, she can read, it looks like.

Siobhan: All right.

Emily: I'm all about Sucrosi.

Murph: Yep, that all adds up. I see her mouthing the words that are on the
page.

Cumulous: Saccharina, is this related to...

Brennan: Anyone who wants to look at one of these books-

Emily: I do Thaumaturgy on my eyes so they're going crazy like I'm speed
reading.

Brennan: Is welcome to do either a Nature or Arcana check.

Ally: Definitely.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: I'll do an arcana check.

Lou: I'll do a nature check.

Siobhan: I got a 22.

Ally: 21.

Murph: I rolled a 2.

Brennan: 21?

Siobhan: 22.

Zac: Doesn't matter, flat 10.

Brennan: Did anyone get higher than a 21?

Siobhan: I got a 22.

Brennan: 22?

Lou: I got an 18 Nature check.

Brennan: 18 Nature check. So 21 Nature, 22 Arcana. You see a ton of arcana
shit. You also see on this map, so you're looking at arcana. You see a ton of
stuff written in Lazuli's hand. Books that she wrote that have locations of
other teleportation runes scattered around. She seems to have a way of tapping
into the standing circles of The Sugar-Plum Fairy. You see some writings of
Lazuli about The Sugar-Plum Fairy that immediately strike you as a warning.
You see that there is stuff about The Sugar-Plum Fairy that seems to indicate
that your aunt did not trust or revere this greatest spirit of the Sweetening
Path. With a 21 Nature check you find something where the symbol is a little
sort of runic ice cream cone that matches the figure you see on the map in
front of Saccharina. The ice cream cone has- You open the book and it is a
book of lost beast lore. Like, it's an ancient Candian bestiary. You know,
you've lived in a world with so little magic in it and just people, like you
seeing The Sugar-Plum Fairy with Jet outside of the castle was sort of the
first magical thing you've seen. And every time there's a rumor of something
cool or awesome like an ogre or something like that, it's never really proven
or if it is something it's like, you know, there's so many times where it's a
lie or a hoax. You see Candian unicorns and gumdrop spirits and fairies and
stuff, and you come to a page and immediately are hit with the smell of
cinnamon off the page as though cinnamon was used in the ink. And you see a
roiling mass. It is a rune that means this ancient spirit, something that you
see is like a binding of something being locked away. The margins of this book
are all written with Sugar-Plum Fairy runes and you see there's a lot of stuff
about The Sugar-Plum Fairy in here, but this on one of the last pages, you
just see the words binding encircling the runes, dracoria azucar.

Siobhan: It's a sugar dragon?

Zac: Sugar dragon?

Brennan: You see that Gooey sort of looks at you and says,

Gooey: Her Majesty Queen Saccharina has been hard at work preserving the
magics here in the Great Stone Candy Mountains. Your arrival is fortuitous as
some of our efforts have been less than successful up to this point.

Brennan: And she steps back behind Saccharina.

Saccharina: As I said before, I think that Lazuli had, she discovered more in
her laboratories than we currently have access to. (sighs softly) This may
sound like a lot, and I'm sorry if I'm unpacking too much, but there is a
presence in Candia who has worked to suppress much of Lazuli's power. She's
taken many of the exciting relics and findings and entombed them in a frozen
temple, the Ice Cream Temple. And we were on our way to excavate it. So...

Theobald: Were you-

Cumulous: You were on your way before we got here?

Ruby: Who is it?

Saccharina: Well, who-

Liam: The Pontifex?

Saccharina: No.

Liam: Is it the carrot guy?

Saccharina: Keradin? No.

Liam: Fuck that guy!

Saccharina: But he came to the nunnery when I was young.

Liam: No!

Saccharina: It's The Sugar-Plum Fairy. I know that she seems like an innocent,
folksy deity, and I don't entirely understand her intentions but her belief is
that magic is possibly too powerful or maybe she thinks it's finite. I don't
know what her reasonings are, but she has sort of...

Ruby: She gave magic to...

Saccharina: Well yes, I believe that she has hidden it so that she can mete it
out like a child's allowance.

Zac: Can I ask you a question?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: I forget who I was when I saw The Sugar-Plum Fairy and they seemed
smaller than they were.

Brennan: I think you were Lapin.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: I could be wrong about that, but I think you were Lapin.

Siobhan: I saw The Sugar-Plum Fairy and she seemed smaller.

Brennan: She seemed smaller, that's true. You remember The Sugar-Plum Fairy
when you went to her standing stones in the grove near Castle Candy and asked
for her to bring Jet back. You remember her telling you to come North, and
that she couldn't bring Jet to you, but she could bring you to Jet.

Amethar: So what, kill her?

Saccharina: Oh, no, I wanna loot that awesome ice cream temple. That's what I
wanna do.

Amethar: Does it involve killing her?

Saccharina: Ideally not.

Ruby: Is she there?

Saccharina: I don't know where she is. Gooey, do we know where she is?

Gooey: Your Majesty, The Sugar-Plum Fairy moves throughout Candia of her own
accord, but we know that the Ice Cream Temple is at least a place under her
dominion. She may not be there now, but any arcane activity there would
certainly alert her.

Saccharina: Yes, it's likely she would-

Theobald: Are people guarding it or?

Saccharina: She may have alarms set on it or whatnot.

Cumulous: You have not been there yet.

Emily: Have we been there yet?

Brennan: You've sent some people there and they have not come back.

Saccharina: I have sent some of my friends and they have not returned.

Amethar: (laughs incredulously) Okay.

Saccharina: But, you know, I think that just means that I need to go. And
honestly, I have... (clears throat)

Emily: I say this low enough so no one else can hear. Oh wait, no one else is
in here, right? It's just like Gooey?

Brennan: It's just Gooey and you.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Yeah.

Saccharina: And I have very loyal followers. You know, I don't deserve them,
all that, but a lot of them are just angry orphans that I freed from various
nunneries and so.

Liam: Cool.

Saccharina: There's a lack of martial prowess from them. You met Swifty and
Bon Jon, or is it Jon Bon? I don't remember.

Amethar: Jon Bon Bon Jon.

Saccharina: Jon Bon, right, I always mess that one.

Theobald: It's both.

Saccharina: It's both, okay.

Cumulous: Oh.

Amethar: You can't be wrong, I guess.

Saccharina: Basically I don't have much amongst my ranks as powerful as some
of you.

Amethar: So we loot this temple, get this stuff, it helps Candia?

Saccharina: That's my thought. I'll be plain, my intention is to bring a lot
more magic into this world.

Amethar: Great.

Saccharina: So I know, I know, looting is a bad thing. And yes, okay fine, in
this mountain we loot a lot, okay? We're into looting.

Brennan: You hear a big cheer go up. “Yay”, from other tables.

Saccharina: We loot, okay?

Ally: I couldn't help it and I just went,

Liam: Yay!

Theobald: They love the stuff.

Saccharina: I know that that may make me look like some kind of villain, but
you know, we are bringing magic to more people than had it before. And so
that's why we do what we do.

Theobald: Well, I will follow you to the temple.

Ruby: I hate that I agree with her on magic.

Cumulous: For the magic of Candia.

Liam: Let's do it.

Ruby: But I'll go just to see if...

Brennan: You hear a twinkling voice on the wind, Ruby. And a voice says to
you,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Things that are wrong may yet be made right. (wind howling)
There is more than one true magician in Candia, Princess, and I await your
coming and will be delighted for your wish to come true.

Brennan: (mimics wind howling) You guys sleep there that night.

Saccharina: Is the sleeping bag comfortable?

Zac: I'm just propped up from the ground in a sleeping bag.

Theobald: You need to sleep, Cumulous. You can't just, I feel like you should
maybe-

Saccharina: I know.

Zac: I'm holding two artifacts next to me.

Theobald: He's just gonna look at the artifacts.

Saccharina: It is like setting a toddler up to take a nap in front of a TV.

Theobald: Yeah.

Cumulous: I'm not tired.

Brennan: Caramelinda is going to remain here with the marauders, which she's
not psyched about.

Murph: Okay.

Saccharina: I promise we only loot. She's safe! [faintly] She might get
pickpocketed.

Caramelinda: It's all right, I don't have any wealth with me.

Amethar: Oh, if anyone pickpockets my wife, I'll kill you.

Brennan: And you see that one of the marauders looks up and says,

Marauder: How would we pickpocket Catherine Ghee? We've got no idea where she
is.

Saccharina: Okay, okay, that's enough.

Marauder: What?

Amethar: Oh. Okay, okay. [mimics fighting]

Marauder: No, I'm just trying to understand.

(group clamoring)

(blows landing)

Brennan: Bam, bam bam.

Lou: Pow, pow.

(group shouting and screaming)

Brennan: You see... (laughs)

Zac: I'm still just-

Brennan: Firing arrows into the air.

Zac: Still in a sleeping bag.

Lou: Yeah, can I pick up the sleeping bag and throw?

(Brennan mimics reverberations)

Murph: I put him against the sleeping bag.

Emily: Yeah, yeah!

Brennan: The marauders seem really happy to have a big fight. But you guys,
Manta Ray asks if he should come with you guys. He says,

Manta Ray: Is this the sort of thing, you know, is this like Candian business
that we shouldn't come on? Or should we come along?

Theobald: Should Manta Ray stay with Queen Caramelinda?

Amethar: Yeah.

Emily: Can I do an Insight check on Manta Ray?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Hmm...

Zac: It sounded like you rolled a d4.

Lou: I agree.

Emily: I got a 4. No, I'm kidding, I got a 23.

Brennan: 23, cool, he seems friendly with Amethar, and he looks at you a
little bashfully.

Emily: Is he, like, flirting with me?

Zac: Kiss him.

Brennan: You see he-

Saccharina: I'm sorry, I just can't have romantic entanglements on this
journey, maybe you can stay.

Manta Ray: Right, no, me too, I'm trying, well, all this is going crazy. I'm
trying to keep it on the level as well.

Liam: Yeah, I would prefer no romantic entanglements either.

Murph: I could cut the sexual tension with a knife here. I wanna say it as
soon as he walked in.

Brennan: Manta Ray says,

Manta Ray: Anyway, I'm old enough, you know, I was at your parents' wedding.
Your mother was a lovely woman, by the way. Catherine was a delightful,
delightful.

Saccharina: We share very different experiences of her.

Manta Ray: Ah, I've stepped in it.

Amethar: Manta Ray, why don't you stay and we'll-

Manta Ray: I'm gonna stay.

Amethar: Can we take your guards though? Or your envoy, the people who came
with you?

Manta Ray: You can if you wish, you wanna take some guards, yeah.

Amethar: Yeah, we'll take the guys, you stay with my wife.

Brennan: He nods, he says,

Manta Ray: Yeah, for sure.

Brennan: Awesome, you guys head deep into the Great Stone Candy Mountains.

Zac: Did we ever ask about the Jawbreaker situation?

Murph: Oh yeah,

Theobald: Saccharina, what was with the little ice cream thing on the
Jawbreaker Castle?

Saccharina: Yes, Jawbreaker is not- Jawbreaker has been feeling us out. I sort
of came here hearing reputation of Jawbreaker and his many wives and husbands
as being sort of a sexual paradise, but they have been less hospitable. And we
are sort of engaged in a bit of a pissing contest.

Liam: Oh no, my dad's really good at pissing and shitting.

(Murph groans)

(Emily laughs)

Amethar: Damn right, he is.

Theobald: What?

Amethar: Guy pisses like a race—

Theobald: Why do you all talk about this all the time?

Amethar: I’m gonna tell you about this guy's stream, okay? I mean, my man, if
he's been drinking and he starts pissing, I mean, we're talking 15, 20 feet.
It's like, he arcs it.

Manta Ray: It's also consistent.

Amethar: It's great, yeah.

Manta Ray: It's like even.

Amethar: All the way through. [makes a piss noise]

Manta Ray: All the way through. It's like, it starts and then it's going and
then we're done.

Amethar: It's like a hard stop. There's no dribble.

Theobald: I just want to say, kids, now that we're in war you know you can
just walk a little further away and go to the bathroom by yourself, that's
fine. You don't have to-

Manta Ray: Yeah get a load of this guy. I bet you love to go to the bathroom
by yourself.

Amethar: Oh, yeah.

Manta Ray: I bet you love to go to the bathroom by yourself.

Liam: It's all that milk and cream.

Amethar: Going to the bathroom by himself.

Liam: All the milk and cream is coming out right now.

Theobald: Liam, we are in a cave!

Liam: Someone help me up. Someone help me up.

Cumulous: I got you.

Liam: All right.

Theobald: Cumulous, get away from him.

Brennan: You see that Gooey looks over at you. Gooey, actually, as you guys
are getting ready to go Gooey talks to only Saccharina and is going to make
sure that no one else is around. You see that she actually talks to you,
Saccharina, privately as you guys are getting ready to go to the Ice Cream
Temple and says,

Gooey: Um, Your Majesty, I apologize for moving Jawbreaker's banner.

Saccharina: Oh?

Gooey: He has left Castle Manylicks. The people sieging his castle were
beginning to torture and burn the villages in the area and attempt to draw him
out.

Saccharina: Our people?

Gooey: No, the Ceresians. And they were doing it to goad Jawbreaker, and he
took the bait. He fled the castle, mustered troops out of the countryside to
draw the armies away and now he's been pinned down and surrounded in the
mountains.

Saccharina: I thought you just put it there as like a metaphor, like, “we're
gonna win”.

Gooey: No, no, it wasn't a way to hype us up. It was actually a troop
movement.

Saccharina: Okay.

Gooey: He's left Castle Many- but I don't want to, he's pinned down in the
mountains right now away from Castle Manylicks, but on the eve of you being
able to seize that Ice Cream Temple I didn't want to say it in front of
everybody else.

Saccharina: Well, if we came in and saved Jawbreaker that would be, well,
perhaps finally he would entertain my claim to the throne.

Gooey: That's true.

Saccharina: The Ice Cream Temple is very frozen in where it is. I don't fret
about it moving somewhere else.

Brennan: You see that she nods and says,

Gooey: That's very true, Your Majesty. It's completely understandable that you
would want to move to help Duke Jawbreaker. I will follow your orders,
whatever it is you wish. If you wish to take the House of Rocks to the Ice
Cream Temple to face whatever lurks there I will follow your lead.

Saccharina: Gooey, am I being sentimental by thinking it might be a nice
gesture to take the House Rocks and go save Jawbreaker and hopefully end the
invasion of Candia? Right now I need you to be honest with me.

Brennan: You see that Swifty walks up-

Zac: No, no, no.

Brennan: And you see that-

Saccharina: Oh God, maybe you could whisper in Gooey's ear, I just...

Swifty: You got it!

Saccharina: Love your counsel.

Swifty: You got it!

Amethar: Oh, ow, ow, ow.

Theobald: What is anybody talking, I can't hear anything.

Ruby: I can hear it from my bedroom.

Brennan: You see that Gooey says,

Gooey: Obvious-

Saccharina: My judgment is, I'm aware that perhaps my judgment is not as clear
and concise as it usually is what with these heightened emotional times being
as my father is here and I am mostly human so, or rather, milk and candy.

Brennan: You see-

Saccharina: I'm an ice cream sundae.

Brennan: Gooey looks at you and says,

Gooey: (sighs softly) My counsel to you, Your Majesty, would be if you were to
save Duke Jawbreaker, as you mentioned that is more time-sensitive, if you
were to rescue him then perhaps he would be more amenable to recognizing your
claim.

Brennan: You see that Swifty looks up and says,

Swifty: On the other hand, I'll just point out if he was fuckin' dead then his
little kid would be able to recognize your claim just fine and you'd have some
real nice magic items to go with it. (laughing creepily)

Saccharina: (sighs) Okay, all right. Put out the pastries, let's have
ourselves a war council. I need to run this by other people.

Brennan: The next dawn a war council is called and Saccharina invites you all
to the...

Saccharina: Now, I don't know, maybe I've said this before, but I very much so
appreciate transparency in my politics so I'm trying to extend that to all of
you. There was-

Liam: I farted.

Theobald: Liam, don't-

Liam: It was just all the milk. It was fermented milk.

Theobald: Liam, you're a duke, you're a count.

Cumulous: Liam, you fully shit on the ground just now, I held your hands.

Amethar: Yeah, don't you remember, he like held you.

Liam: Yeah, that felt- What?

Cumulous: You did much more than fart.

Liam: (sighs) I just wanted to be honest, okay? Yeah, in the name of
transparency.

Saccharina: I appreciate it.

Theobald: Saccharina, what's going on?

Saccharina: Well, previously I didn't, there's some information that's been
brought to light since we last met and I have decided that I trust you all
enough to ask of your needs.

(lively instrumental music)

Saccharina: The reason that Jawbreaker's estate is retreated into the
mountains is because-

Amethar: It was a metaphor right, 'cause we're winning.

Saccharina: That's exactly what I thought.

Amethar: Yeah, I mean, that's why you did it, right, Gooey?

Saccharina: That is also what I thought, that's so funny, the same brain, same
brain.

Amethar: You moved it 'cause it's a metaphor.

Gooey: I'm not that kind of person, I guess?

Amethar: When you move a thing and you don't say anything it's a metaphor for
“oorah, let's go!”

Saccharina: Yes, yes, exactly. I love metaphorical maps in my governance.

Cumulous: In my mind, a metaphor in a map was just more about the scale than
it is about the feelings.

Saccharina: That's, so basically it wasn't a metaphor.

Amethar: I'm sorry?

Saccharina: Jawbreaker has been scared out of Castle Manylicks.

Liam: No way, no, he doesn't get scared.

Amethar: What, what? No.

Saccharina: The invading forces, because the Concord is at war with Jawbreaker
and Jawbreaker is currently the head of Candia they've gone after him so I
figured I would put it on the table that we could go to the Ice Cream Temple
another day.

Liam: We have to go.

Amethar: We have to go now.

Saccharina: Okay, I...

Theobald: We have to go to your brother?

Amethar: Yeah, to Jawbreaker.

Brennan: Or your uncle, yeah.

Amethar: Uncle, my uncle.

Theobald: We gotta go to your uncle, yeah.

Saccharina: Okay.

Amethar: I don't have a brother.

Saccharina: I would like to reiterate that if Jawbreaker were to acknowledge
me as Queen then I believe we could make the invasion of Candia stop at least
for a time.

Theobald: All right, well, that sounds like our best.

Amethar: Yeah, I mean, at the end of the day these are your people, Your
Majesty.

Liam: Totally.

Saccharina: Again, please don't call me Your Majesty.

Liam: Can I talk to just Amethar?

Ruby: Please don't call her Her Majesty.

Brennan: What's that?

Ally: Can I just talk to Amethar?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: And I go to the side.

Lou: Yeah.

Liam: He's not gonna...

Amethar: What?

Liam: My dad, my dad, or at least my brothers, they're all really hellbent on
him being the king, I don't...

Amethar: I know, hey—

Liam: We need to go help him, for sure, but.

Amethar: We have to.

Liam: But I really don't think he's ever gonna give up the seat.

Amethar: Here's the thing, I mean, if he's not at Manylicks he's in a bad
fucking spot.

Liam: Yeah.

Amethar: He's acting like a real dumbass. And if he's acting like a dumbass I
feel like he's weak right now. We need to protect him.

Liam: Yeah.

Amethar: Because he's family, but then we'll make him see right.

Cumulous: How long do we think he could-

Liam: What, Cumulous?

Cumulous: You came over to where I was laying down on the ground in a sleeping
bag.

Amethar: I'm sorry, I forgot you hadn't got out.

Liam: I thought that was something else.

Amethar: I forgot you helped him shit then got back in the bag and were
holding your artifacts again.

Liam: Wow!

Amethar: What did you say?

Liam: Wow.

Cumulous: How long do we think he can survive a siege outside of the castle?

Amethar: I mean, if he's out of the castle, he's fucked.

Liam: He's pretty scrappy.

Brennan: Gooey speaks up and says,

Gooey: The Duke Jawbreaker took forces deep into the mountains to lure the
forces of Ceresia away because they were torturing and murdering and setting
fire to the villages around Manylicks.

Amethar: What?

Liam: What?

Amethar: We gotta go.

Liam: We have to go now! We have to go tonight! So today?

Saccharina: I'm prepared.

Ruby: Us and what army?

Amethar: Doesn't matter.

Ruby: Yes!

Amethar: Yes?! Well, no, all right.

Ruby: How are we gonna defeat an army?

Amethar: It doesn't fucking matter.

Liam: Yeah, we gotta go.

Amethar: If your family's in trouble, you're there, all right? I would rather
fucking die next to him then fucking live here.

Liam: Mm-hmm, I'm a war guy now so yeah, pretty much the same.

Saccharina: I'm also really used to fighting sort of like at bad odds.

Brennan: Caramelinda speaks up and says and you see that she has clearly not
slept and has a stack of Lazuli's books. And you see that a hand delicately
rests on Lazuli's books, and she makes eye contact with you, Theo, touching
the books as she does. She speaks up and says,

Caramelinda: The armies of Ceresia surround the valley there in the Great
Stone Candy Mountains where Jawbreaker finds himself. And if this is a
majority of your forces right here which it seems that it is judging by the
figures on the table, we won't be able to make it there in time or break
through the Ceresian forces by the time we arrive there. However, if this is
true and I can get some help from Cumulous-

Brennan: She opens a book that has those teleportation runes that your old
room used. She says,

Caramelinda: We're not far, I believe, from the Order if these maps are to be
believed. If we get to the room at the Order of the Spinning Star I think I
can get us to that valley in its circle of standing stones.

Saccharina: Wow, this is a really intelligent party. You guys are really good.

Liam: I've always wondered, did you and Lazuli have like a thing?

Caramelinda: Yeah, we were married.

Liam: Oh my God!

Cumulous: This was open knowledge.

Liam: You know, no one in the family talks. My dad, sex, sex, sex all the
time. That's all he talks about, love? Never heard of it.

Saccharina: I had a commemorative mug of your wedding in the nunnery.

Caramelinda: Oh, Lazuli and I's wedding?

Saccharina: Yeah.

Caramelinda: Yeah, we had those nice mugs made, I liked them.

Liam: Was it love with sex?

Caramelinda: Yeah.

Liam: Oh, okay.

Caramelinda: Hey, my life's shattered.

Brennan: She says,

Caramelinda: So I can get us there and I think I can get us back, but there's
not another teleportation rune in the valley. It's just a circle of standing
stones which means that I will have to hold on to the return trip with my
mind, does that make sense?

Liam: Yeah.

Cumulous: From here.

Caramelinda: I can get us there from the room. To get us and to try to extract
Jawbreaker who's only taken a small fraction of his men, he was leading them
on a rabbit chase. He just wanted to draw the forces away from the Castle
Manylicks. If we're just trying to extract him and as many of his men as we
can, I can do that. When we get there we will have a very limited amount of
time.

Liam: Okay.

Cumulous: We're just getting Jawbreaker and getting out, is that the plan?

Caramelinda: Is there another goal that we-

Liam: I mean, if I see the carrot I gotta shred it. I gotta shred it and I
gotta bake it.

Brennan: She says-

Ruby: Baked shredded carrot?

Saccharina: Put a little cinnamon on that?

Brennan: She says—

Ruby: Stop sucking up to him!

Brennan: She says,

Caramelinda: You can shred the carrot.

Saccharina: It isn't sucking up to him, it sounds like that would be
delicious.

Caramelinda: That's completely fine.

Saccharina: I said that would be delicious.

Caramelinda: I will not be able to hold on to our teleportation for all that
long. So anything you wanna do there is going to have to happen pretty fast.

Liam: Okay.

Ruby: And then we go to where the Sugar-Plum Fairy is?

Caramelinda: And then we go to where the Sugar-Plum Fairy is.

Saccharina: I would feel wonderful about going to the Ice Cream Temple with
Jawbone and Spearia.

Cumulous: Jawbone?

Theobald: Jawbreaker?

(group members chuckling)

Saccharina: Did I say, "Jawbone"? I'm sorry.

Cumulous: Who is Jawbone?

Saccharina: It was a lover I took in Carn.

Amethar: Oh, this is a lot to hear.

Brennan: [to the camera] We do a lot of these. We do a lot of these.

(Lou groans)

Saccharina: I would feel, it would feel very powerful to go to the Ice Cream
Temple with Jawbreaker and Spearia.

Theobald: Should- Get going.

Liam: Let's do it. (claps)

Brennan: You guys head out from Saccharina's caverns to a path that Cumulous
knows up to the heights above the cotton candy clouds, the Order of the
Spinning Star. A white, pure sugar gleaming monastery with symbols of the
Archmage Lazuli. Ruby, you look and see the crisp lines of your shadow in the
high, thin air walk alongside you. You feel this place, Saccharina, you've
visited this place before since you've stationed yourself in the mountains.
And with Cumulous here, the old place begins to come to life. You arrive here
and Cumulous, you see fellow monks begin to walk out. You see that one of the
monks comes to you, Snickersnack. You see that Snickersnack walks up who's a
little like-

Saccharina: My armies.

Brennan: As a little, like, wafer, like a sort of like crunchy wafer chocolate
monk.

Cumulous: Snickersnack. [offers a hand]

Brennan: He comes around he goes, (hands slapping) you see he shakes your,
does the hero's handshake and goes,

Snickersnack: Cumulous, you have brought the royals here. Who now walks in the
Monastery of the Spinning Star?

Cumulous: We have the rightful Queen of Candia, Saccharina.

Brennan: The monks take the knee.

Saccharina: Um, I prefer lawful because I don't really know that any queen or
king is really rightful.

Snickersnack: Wow, wow, wow, wow.

Brennan: Snickersnack just kind of keeps pointing at you, like smiling like.

Cumulous: Pretty cool.

Theobald: She just knows just what to say.

Cumulous: We need get to-

Ruby: [flatly] Yeah, she knows just what to say.

Theobald: Ruby, you didn't want anything to do with the throne.

Cumulous: We need to get to the teleportation runes.

Brennan: He says,

Snickersnack: Very well.

Brennan: As you walk you begin to see that the runes begin to come to life
kind of as Saccharina approaches.

Ally: Is it just like a room with a whole bunch of rune portals like Crash
Bandicoot?

(laughing)

Brennan: No, it's-

Lou: How Crash Bandicoot we talking?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Extremely Crash Bandicoot.

Ally: Okay, cool, cool, cool.

Siobhan: If we have Mario 64 we're talking.

(Ally vocalizing video game music)

Brennan: It's a room with kind of almost like a two-dimensional orrery, if
that makes sense. Like, geometric astronomical orbits and shifting platforms
in the floor that spin and gyrate and move in different concentric circles.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: As you stand in the middle Caramelinda is going to begin to move. The
stars alight overhead, night falls. It is now deep, dark night in the high
mountains. The runes begin to move as Caramelinda begins to touch them and you
hear her whisper under her voice,

Caramelinda: Lazuli, please help me get this right.

(mimics gears turning)

(stone scrapes stone)

Brennan: Moves the runes around. You guys, do you guys do anything before she
finishes?

Murph: I wanna give her...

Emily: Like a help action?

Murph: I want to attempt to help her, yeah, I'll give the help action.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Awesome.

Ruby: Honestly, I can't believe you've been able to do magic this whole time.

Cumulous: Do we have any live animals?

Saccharina: There was a sprinkle that ran by here.

Theobald: My Sprinkle come up? Sprinkle's here?

Liam: In a fit of terror.

Theobald: Sprinkle would.

Cumulous: Do you think there's any, like, little caramel chickens or anything?

Brennan: Sure, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Zac: I take one and I just snap its neck.

Theobald: Oh, no!

Ruby: Oh my God.

Zac: For temp HP.

Brennan: For temp HP, great. You suck the fucking life out of this caramel
chicken.

Amethar: Fucking fuck!

Liam: Um, um, okay.

Amethar: Oh, this is war again.

Lou: I take my full Payment Day, yeah, I fucking take my sword out.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: I think my hair is just like blowing with wind of the excitement of all
this magic.

Brennan: (mimics wind blowing) Hair's blowing. (mimics reverberations) The
stairwells move. Caramelinda is fully concentrating on this spell. You guys
(mimics explosion resounding) in a blast of sweet-smelling light (mimics wind
howling) appear in a circle of stones inside a dark, locked, musty building
and hear the shouting of Ceresian soldiers outside. And that's all for this
week on "A Crown of Candy." We'll roll initiative and see you guys next week.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 12: Rescue at
Buzzybrook](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRDYz3L3ST3hfqmxeS_9lOVbV7xWxtNY-4fvFwjIr3jkcMo1z2viRXSrghGP7MpIjMnroZhsiVmQ64U/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647642202576&usg=AOvVaw25hYwuQFgII3vUv217f5Cc)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

(stirring instrumental music)

Brennan: Marching out from the commander's tent in chains, Duke Joren
Jawbreaker.

Ally: (gasps) Oh my God.

Brennan: Is led to the noose.

Hangman: Hereby sentence you to death. (grunts)

(screaming)

Lou: Fuck you!

Saccharina: Watch your banner burn, bitch.

(screaming)

Amethar: But you just met my new daughter. Not new, old, but I just found out
about. (shouts)

(grunts)

(growling)

(screeching)

Ally: No way!

(cast shout and laugh)

Emily: Whoa!

* * *

Transcribed by Kyber Bonsai, Tillie the Paladin

Edited by Kyber Bonsai, Tillie the Paladin, and gluegunshots

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjowjYFY_52PatXoTf2MjzriLsdOS1R92nhcxi7rFfEvlTleIsm6bNTmhPCAa99ntGZMeQx4S4lKsHwjwdD0:0)

Episode 12: Rescue at Buzzybrook

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks; and Emily Axford as Queen Saccharina Frostwhip

Episode 12: Rescue at Buzzybrook

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTLb-7KMl2qRX4Q3w4U5WGyZry-
QcDucFI-
jjKripyjPWjZ8PyW57zqgqWxDdWkGwZeKuJj3RDWgU5k/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647646140469&usg=AOvVaw06uSQRA-
YNpWm0GYwYVmMt) | [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ5ZWmlSuzjkLFMqyKWw9CwXmz3vmNvnAmA0vNF2emP8Ecx0yYWJ2O6MC6eketPacIZsO-
iH8hCOQTM/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647646140938&usg=AOvVaw3CraSu0r5JoPkwF2Hg_tnC)]
>

(dramatic orchestral music)

Brennan: Welcome, one and all, to another exciting episode of "A Crown of
Candy." I am your humble game master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me, as
always, are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan: Oh, a clean one, oh, I love it!

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: We're not mad at you anymore.

Brennan: [cutely puts his hands under his chin] How about it?

Siobhan: No, I'm just mad at Emily.

Ally: Emily's back.

Brennan: [laughs] Incredible, we open our adventure here in an alpine village
in the great Stone Candy Mountains. You have appeared in the center of a
circle of stones in the Sweetening Path, hidden away from sight in this
village. We have not rolled initiative yet because combat has not started yet.
As you appear in the circle here, there's a (whooshing) little whiff of sweet
smell, but no light or sound. There's some dull glow to the runes, but the
runes are not glowing brilliantly, they're not casting light. There's
(whooshing) a little bit of a slight glow. I would like Perception checks from
all of you.

Siobhan: Can I roll with advantage 'cause I got Yak?

Brennan: Yes, you may.

Murph: I got a 21.

Siobhan: Oh, God.

Ally: 20 not nat.

Emily: 17.

Brennan: 20 not nat?

Zac: 20 not nat, as well.

Brennan: Okay, sharp Perception checks around you lets you know that you are,
hold on one second.

Zac: I see a peppermint stool.

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: That's what you get.

Siobhan: The stones are glowing slightly—

Lou: You need to pick out what you see.

Emily: There's magic here. (laughs)

Brennan: You look around and see the burnt remains of the Village of
Buzzybrook, high in the Great Stone Candy Mountains. Those who got a 20 peer
through the cracks. First of all, you guys have a- Anyone that rolled a 20 or
higher with a Perception check can react first, not surprised to the
conditions. And you can also anticipate that I am about to ask you to make a
Stealth check if you got a 20 or higher, because you need to remain extremely
hidden as Ceresian soldiers with weapons drawn force Candian villagers into
the town square.

Zac: Can you cast Pass Without Trace-

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, you cast Pass Without Trace? I am going to need a group Stealth
check, first and foremost.

Ally: Yeah, you all have plus 20 for this entire battle.

Emily: Plus 20?

Lou: Plus 20?

Ally: Oh, sorry, plus 10, sorry, I also have a plus 10.

(overlapping chattering)

Ally: I don't even need to roll, right, if I have two plus 10s?

Murph: I got a 12.

Siobhan: 29.

Brennan: Unless it's a nat one.

Emily: I got a nat 1.

Murph: 18.

Zac: I got a 28.

Brennan: Let's go around, what'd you get?

Ally: 26.

Brennan: 26?

Murph: 12.

Brennan: 12.

Emily: Technically an 11?

Brennan: But a nat 1?

Emily: But a nat 1. (laughs)

Siobhan: A 29.

Lou: 21.

Zac: 28.

Brennan: Okay, so more than half of us beat 20s, so the group check passes,
you are hidden in shadow—

Saccharina: Sorry, are we hiding?

Brennan: You look out through the slats of wood. This is an open circle of
Sucrosi standing stones in the middle of Buzzybrook. The building that was
built around it is a lovely little rustic wooden structure that is known
sometimes as a sugar hut. It is effectively a thing that the people do up here
to appease Bulbian missionaries who are like,

Bulbian Missionary: Oh, pagan standing stones in the middle of the town, this
absolutely can't happen.

Brennan: And they're like,

Candian Villager: Oh, yeah, nothing but a sugar hut.

Brennan: And they just leave their standing stones in the middle of this
wooden structure. So it's sort of a covert temple, although really only covert
if you're passing through. If you know that it's there, it's open knowledge.
You are standing in the middle of this and Caramelinda, who I assume is
getting help actions from Theo and other people, is managing to hold onto the
spell all right right now. It looks like she won't really have to start
working in earnest until you guys sort of (snaps) move. You hear shouting in
Ceresian, as they muscle the candy villagers forward. Anyone with a 20 or
higher, tell me if you're trying to spot anything in particular. You obviously
are very limited 'cause you're looking out through slats of wood and stuff,
but is there anything you're looking for in particular?

Ally: I'm looking for what seems most important to them, like an area, maybe
this hut over here, if it's being guarded.

Brennan: So first, yeah, first of all, the thing that's the most important is
the gallows right in front of you. They're empty right now, but you see two
Bulbian priests standing in front, two Bulbian paladins to either side and
some Ceresian heralds blowing trumpets. It is pitch black everywhere, there
are braziers of burning coals that cast light in about a 20 foot radius.

Siobhan: But it's dark right now?

Brennan: It's dark right now.

Siobhan: Oh, hell yeah.

Ally: Can we tell if people are using see in the dark?

Siobhan: Oh yeah, they have eye drops?

Brennan: No one got a nat 20, so I don't think you- You don't see eye shine,
you don't see that little flicker of eye shine that would-

Ally: Can I do another roll to see if I nat 20, just-

Brennan: Give me a Nature check.

Ally: Oh, cool, I get pretty good on Nature, plus 7. 16.

Brennan: You don't think everyone has it. Some of them might, like these sort
of Church crossbow priests in the back may. But other than that, what seems
important is you just see a smattering of food here, and glint of gold back
over here. Anyone else that got a 20 on that Perception check, let me know
what you're looking for.

Murph: I guess I'm looking for any sign of Duke Jawbreaker and the rest of his
family.

Brennan: Duke Jawbreaker, with a 20?

Murph: I think I got a 21.

Brennan: Oh 21? You see, the most likely places that you think are there are
guards at this Commander's tent, this Ceresian commander's tent. There are
guards at a little candy cottage that has not been burned over here and there
is someone, you can't see through the tree, but there's somebody over there
guarding at another far cottage.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: Is there anyone in this one?

Brennan: You can't see inside, there's a dull light. So the burned out
buildings only have the light of the braziers being cast, the three cottages
that remain standing have some flickering lights in them, but only dim
candlelight.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: Okay, so it's possible they're being held prisoner in those buildings.

Lou: Alright.

Zac: I also got a 20.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: I'm just wondering, looking around, is there- Do I see anything that
could be used as a distraction if I ever wanted to draw attention away from
this hut?

Brennan: As a distraction? Anything you see on the board is there. You don't
see anything that's an obvious distraction. You can hear a meep outside that's
stabled next to a drinking trough of cola and anything you see is what it is
that you're looking at. Do you know what I mean? If you see it on the board,
that is what it is-

Murph: And we see people getting dragged to the gallows here?

Brennan: Not dragged, but what you actually see is they're not being- They're
not manacled or enchained, but they are being marched to the town square,
where they are being formed into a crowd.

Theobald: Well, I think we might be seeing your uncle in a moment.

Amethar: Should we hold out until it's a little bit more clear what's going on
here?

Theobald: I think we know what's going on here. I think we should act quickly.

Ally: I have a question, and I don't know if you're gonna make me roll for the
answer, but everything being guarded is being guarded by bread, from what I
can see, except for this one, which has veggie. Does that mean that that's-

Brennan: You notice- That's a very sharp question to ask, and Liam, with that
incredible dark vision, stares out into the night. Ceresian banner, Ceresian
banner, not imperial. This is the banner of Ceresia, this is of the Imperator
Ciabatta. Imperial banner of the Concord, banner of the Bulbian Church by that
cottage.

Ally: Wow.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: Okay.

Lou: What do you think that means?

Siobhan: Is this the same french fry guy from the Church?

Brennan: Bonathan Flashfry? Absolutely.

Zac: Bonathan.

Emily: Wasn't he in my- Wasn’t he in my, like, fight?

Zac: Your fight?

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: I could have ended him there.

Murph: Okay, well-

Brennan: Anything more, and you're gonna have to get closer to check things
out.

Murph: I think if there's-

Siobhan: The doors of this cottage are closed?

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: But are they locked, or are they just closed?

Brennan: They are locked from the outside.

Siobhan: Okay, I mean, I can- Can I pick this back lock over here?

Brennan: Normally you couldn't, but because you don't have to be on the same
side of the door, you absolutely can.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: And there's open slats in the boards, so you can literally put your
thieves tools out through a slat, walk them around with your Mage Hand to the
other side of the door and get to work.

Siobhan: Great, it's like an escape-

Brennan: These are shitting country locks. These are only a DC 15, these are
farm locks.

(ominous orchestral music)

Siobhan: I do not make a 15.

Emily: Can I give her help action?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: Great. I don't like this, but I'll take it. Okay, that one makes it.

Brennan: What does Saccharina do to give some arcane help in this instance?

Emily: I think I say,

Saccharina: I see you, little sister.

Brennan: Wild. Which door are you unlocking with-

Siobhan: The back one, not the front one.

Brennan: Okay, you're not trying to get into the crowd of people.

Siobhan: No, no, no.

Brennan: You (mimics picking a lock). Go ahead and give me a Stealth check.

Siobhan: Okay. It's so high, 25.

Brennan: Okay. The lock comes undone, and you manage to open that door without
making a noise. Also, let me see if there's a brazier anywhere near there. The
closest braziers near to you are by the doors of these cottages, but the light
doesn't shed, so the back entrance of that is actually in darkness right now.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: What is our plan?

Emily: Can I, I'd like to look at Caramelinda and just say,

Saccharina: I'd like to cast a spell on you, so I just wanted to get consent
before I did that.

Ruby: Oh my god.

Liam: That's hot.

Caramelinda: Liam, you don't know what hot is.

Liam: I don't, and I don't wish to. I'm really just looking for love, romance.

Siobhan: I message to Liam,

Ruby: She sucks, right?

Liam: Yeah. Oh, sorry I said that out loud.

Brennan: You see that Caramelinda looks at you and says,

Caramelinda: Go for it, whatever you want to do to me.

Emily: I take out my Winterscoop and I cast Wall of Ice to make an ice dome
around her to help her—

Brennan: Oh, awesome, how big of an ice dome are you creating?

Emily: I would like to-

Brennan: Like just personal, for her?

Emily: I think I'd like to maybe cast it over us all, or I cast it big enough
that we could- No, pretty much just over her, I think.

Brennan: Cool, you ice her into a corner behind one of the standing stones and
basically take a moment to sculpt it and create a personal little fortress for
her, just to hold onto the spell.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: So you hear a muffled,

Caramelinda: It's cold as hell in here.

Saccharina: Ops!

Emily: I create a bonfire inside.

Caramelinda: (screams in pain)

Saccharina: Oop!

Emily: I put the bonfire out.

Caramelinda: It's good, it’s good, it’s good how it is, it's good how it is.

Emily: Can I Minor Illusion a sweater? (laughs)

Caramelinda: Not a big angora fan, but this is okay.

Brennan: You create the ice fortress, yeah, Caramelinda is protected with this
wall of ice within the stones and the backdoor is open. For those that got a
20, you see those banners, as well. You can see that these guys are gearing
up, the paladins go on either side, the priests are looking like they're about
to begin speaking. Here's the thing, Caramelinda is gonna have to start
concentrating very hard in a moment. You see, there's a lot more going on in
this village than at first meets the eye. This appears to be a, like, victory
meeting 'cause of all these banners flying here. The fact that there's an
Imperial, Bulbian, and Ceresian banner all flying side by side means that a
lot of resources have been gathered here. You see a commander's tent, you see
some sort of golden glittering light over here. There's people over here as
well, and there's whatever's in these cottages, as well. There appears to be,
other than simply this gallows, quite a bit hidden away in the little town of
Buzzybrook. With that, I'm gonna ask you guys what it is that you're going to
do.

Ally: I want to run with this Stealth check or whatever to look into the
window of this house right here.

Brennan: Okay, if you're going to leave and disappear into the darkness, you
can't be seen in the dark. Are you saying anything before you go? Are you guys
planning to coordinate anything-

Zac: We should check out all these little houses that we saw.

Ally: I have- I have the most-

Murph: Yes, why doesn't Liam go and look in the windows-

Ally: I can almost not be seen.

Siobhan: I can also because I have Darkvision.

Murph: All right.

Ally: Great, let's do it, you and I.

Siobhan: Like, if you go to that one I’ll go to this one.

Zac: Could both of you guys coordinate and just shoot this fry dude?

Ally: I- Yeah, honestly-

Emily: I think- Isn’t- We have a short time.

Murph: Let's not shoot anybody yet, let's look in the windows.

Ally: We're just gonna get Intelligence-

Murph: Let's look in the windows.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: Cool.

Liam: See you soon.

Ruby: Yeah.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: Okay. It's gonna be per house, so go ahead and give me the first- As
you guys slip out the back door, I'm gonna need Stealth checks from you each
time. It's not a group Stealth check this time, so if one of you bombs out,
you bomb out- Go ahead-

Siobhan: But I have Yak, right?

Brennan: You have Yak, giving you a help action.

Ally: And you have Pass Without a Trace.

Siobhan: And I have Pass-

Brennan: Pass without Trace.

Ally: Yeah, 39.

Siobhan: 30.

Brennan: [pointedly] Cool.

(Siobhan laughs)

Brennan: Liam and Ruby vanish into the night. This is so fun, to do non-combat
board interaction. Go ahead and—

Siobhan: Oh, I'm going to this one.

Brennan: Oh, you go to this one. You go over here, you go over here. I'm gonna
get Yak for you, as well.

Siobhan: Thank you. My baby.

Brennan: If you- Also, are you- You're taking pains to avoid the light of
those braziers, correct?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Liam, you skulk through the burned-out house. Ruby, you light
footedly sneak past this meep over to the side here. You are still 20 feet
away from- Actually, you're gonna need to be a little- Like one further back
to not- The light kind of comes right here. Both, you can kindly remove those
roofs and hand them to me.

(slow orchestral music)

Ally: The carrot! I think.

Brennan: No, not the carrot.

Murph: No, it’s not the carrot.

Ally: Okay, good, all right, false alarm.

Lou: That's the onion man.

Ally: Sorry for yelling.

Siobahn: Ah, that fucking onion man.

Lou: And then this is a-

Brennan: Go ahead and throw that back on that house, that right there.

Lou: Oh and this is Jet's former lover.

Siobhan: Oh, yes!

Emily: The avocado?

Lou: No, no.

Siobhan: (placing something on the set) Oh, this one here, I got it.

Ally: The Ceresian-

Lou: The Ceresian.

Siobhan: Yeah, the Ceresian captain guy and then there's somebody tied up.
There's a-

Emily: [softly] Fuck!

Siobhan: Lady tied up, a blue lady?

Emily: Is it—

Ally: Plumbelina?

Zac: No—

Brennan: What you actually see back there- Go ahead and give me Perception
checks, each of you.

Siobhan: Great.

Emily: But still-

Siobhan: 22.

Ally: 22.

Brennan: What's that?

Siobhan: 22.

Brennan: Incredible. Liam, you see the Archbishop Oliver Onionpatch, who you
remember from the massacre, or the attempted massacre and the death of Lapin
at the Cathedral of Saint Arugula. He is here tending to Church business,
writing furiously (mimics writing), writing away in his little book with
Bonathan Flashfry out at the front. Let me see, one second. You see, looking
in the window, you see he is going over notes that show pictures of terrifying
fucking monsters, alchemical constructions based on something that you never
got to see in person. But it looks like the notes of something that's written
partially in Ceresian, and you see schematics of constructs, war engines,
things like the Archmage Lazuli was talking about back in her day, and even a
little page that seems to have schematics for the creation of a liquid dagger.

Ally: Can I- Without being detected, cast Hunter's Mark on him?

Brennan: I'm gonna ask for another Stealth roll.

Ally: Hey, 19.

Murph: Well, plus 10.

Siobhan: Plus Pass Without Trace.

Ally: Oh, Stealth! Then 22, or 32, yeah.

Brennan: Your peppermint eyes here in the high mountains of your homeland
gleam with a predatory hunger and you feel something bestial and primal within
you. (growls) And the Archbishop is unaware that you have marked him as your
prey.

Ally: Fuck vegetables.

Brennan: (laughs) Ruby. You gaze in to see Commander Constano Grissini
speaking to a woman who is wearing loose green robes with Candian sort of
spiritual paint and things on her body and green minty leaves growing from the
side of her face.

Emily: Ah, Spearia!

Siobhan: I- Am I within 120 feet of Liam, or any- Or the candy hut?

Brennan: Within 120 feet of Liam? [measures] You are within 120 feet of Liam,
absolutely.

Siobhan: I Message to Liam,

Ruby: Liam, I think your mom is in here.

Ally: I Message back everything that I saw to her, and I explain in detail
these monsters or something that's in Ceresian.

Ruby: Oh, God, is that that Gristini guy? He seemed like a good guy, but I
guess he’s- He looks- I don't like him.

Liam: That's gross.

Brennan: You recognize that Oliver Onionpatch is working off of the Primogen
Alfredi's- That Ciabatta has passed along all of her notes to the Bulbian
Church, and they have expanded on her work.

Siobhan: Can I Message to Theo all of that stuff?

Brennan: Yeah, through the slats of the church, you can Message all of that.
You guys have that information now. You guys are also- You're in position
there, hidden in the darkness. Those of you in the center there, what is it
that you are doing while they're doing that?

Murph: I'm just waiting to pounce, but-

Lou: Yeah I think I’m- I think I've got eyes on the gallows, trying to make
sure that I know, we understand what's happening there.

Murph: Yeah.

Emily: I have one question, if I cast Wall of Ice- If I cast a concentration
spell from my staff, do I need to concentrate?

Brennan: You need to concentrate on it, yeah, absolutely.

Emily: Okay, then I guess I'm just continuing- I think right now I'm just in
protecting Caramelinda mode, even though everyone's been really mean to me.

Brennan: You see that Gooey, who is here with you- So you also, your allies
here, you have Gooey, Swifty, and Manta Ray Jack with you here. Gooey reaches
out and just starts rubbing small circles on your shoulder and going,

Gooey: [quietly] Your Majesty, it's fucked up.

Saccharina: Yeah, they just really obviously talk out loud about me, as if I'm
the mean girl just 'cause I talk this way, but they're behaving like the mean
girls.

Gooey: Honestly-

Saccharina: Like even my own father is kind of behaving like a catty high
schooler.

Amethar: What are you talking about? I said a nice- I said very nice things to
you.

Saccharina: But you literally just had an interaction with Ruby where she
said, “she sucks” and you're like, “I know”.

Amethar: She's my daughter, I have to be supportive. I love her very much, I
support you, as well. I'm trying to support everybody. It's very hard to be a
father. You know what, guys-

Theobald: There is a noose out there. Everyone be quiet.

Brennan: You see, Swifty looks around.

Theobald: [whispering] Don't do anything, Swifty.

Amethar: Shut the fuck up.

Swifty: Hurt people hurt people, that's all I'm saying, alright.

Amethar: Shh!

Theobald: Don’t-

Cumulous: Your voice really cuts through.

Swifty: What?

Saccharina: Okay, could everyone just stop cut- Like, criticizing everything
about my people?

Swifty: Wow. Wow.

Cumulous: Understood.

Theobald: Alright.

Saccharina: Although I do kind of agree-

Theobald: Yes, okay, we can go in on Swifty and leave Gooey alone.

Ruby: Can I kill these people yet?

(overlapping chattering)

Brennan: Oh, sorry-

Murph: I think I want to message back to Ruby, I guess, and say that maybe,

Theo: One of you come back and the other one check out the other house before
the rest of us move? We're all gonna make a lot more noise than you all.

Zac: Lets- Yeah, let's figure out this last house-

Murph: Let's figure out this last house-

Ally: If I- If you Message me, can I Message back?

Siobhan: Yes.

Zac: If you have- Oh yeah.

Murph: No, even if you don't have it, yeah.

Siobhan: And yeah, if you have- It’s like a- You can reply back.

Lou: It's a channel.

Ally: Can I say,

Liam: I have a plan.

Zac: Can you say what the plan is?

Siobhan: Do you want to tell us what the plan is?

Ally: Yeah, okay,

Liam: You're gonna- Come here.

Ruby: Nobody can hear us, it's a message.

Liam: Come over to where I am.

Ruby: No, I can't, it’s like- There's lights in the way, and these guys will
see me.

Liam: Fuck. I mean, it's a good plan.

Ruby: Tell me the plan!

(Brennan sings)

(upbeat fanfare music)

Brennan: Marching out from the Commander's tent in chains-

Ally: Oh my god!

Brennan: Duke Joren Jawbreaker is led to the noose by a Vegetanian knight and
the priests begin reciting the charges against him and his last rites.

Amethar: Theobald, you message Liam and Jet, and you get- Figure out what
they’re- Oh, Ruby, figure out what they’re gonna do.

Priest: For the crimes of treason, witchcraft, heresy-

Theobald: Liam, go check the house.

Liam: Okay.

Priest: Open war against the Concord of Calorum.

Ally: I cast Disguise Self on myself, and I become this onion, and I-

Brennan: Is Disguise Self also concentration?

Ally: I don't know, actually.

Siobhan: It's not.

Brennan: It's not? Okay. Cool.

Emily: I have a question, is his head in the noose?

Brennan: Yes, they have put that around him.

Emily: Can I just- Can I just attack the noose with Guiding Bolt to try and
sever the noose?

Brennan: You, absolutely-

Ally: Well, that might be kinda obvious right?

Murph: That’s kind of the-

Emily: Otherwise he's going to get hung. They're literally reading his last
rites.

Lou: We have a- I mean, I think we have the time.

Siobhan: Yeah, we have the time that it will take.

Murph: Let's go run and do this while he's getting his last rites.

Siobhan: He's got a big, beefy neck.

Brennan: Cool. I'm going to say, the positions you guys are in right now are
the positions you're gonna begin in. You hear the noise,

Priest: Hereby sentence you to death.

(tense orchestral music)

[This is the beginning of the hanging content warning.]

Brennan: And you hear the noise of the trapdoor open, Joren drops.

Murph: Misty Step, I wanna grab-

Brennan: I'm gonna need everybody here to roll initiative.

Emily: Dude, that's why I said that.

Zac: Let’s reroll that-

Siobhan: Alright.

Ally: Oh, yeah.

Murph: 24.

Siobhan: 19.

Zac: Fucking hell.

Emily: 7.

Zac: 7, as well.

Ally: 19.

Siobhan: Oh my God, we're rolling the same today. We got those lockets.

Ally: Yeah, those lockets.

Siobhan: You’re my brother, Liam.

Ally: Yeah. (laughs) In twin speak.

Brennan: So here's the deal, you guys are gonna get a surprise round.

Murph: Oh sweet.

Siobhan: Sick.

Brennan: You- They do not know that you are here, so we're gonna go through
initiative with all of them under the surprised condition, and y'all, you
know, doing your thing.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Cool, so let's go ahead and go around the table, what are your
initiatives?

Ally: 19.

Brennan: Liam is a 19, great. What is Theo?

Murph: 24, Alert feat.

Siobhan: Sick.

Murph: Rolled a nat 19.

Emily: 7.

Brennan: Saccharina is 7. Ruby?

Siobhan: 19.

Brennan: Amethar?

Lou: Cinque, 5.

Brennan: Cumulous?

Zac: 7.

Brennan: Awesome, then I'm going to roll for, that's gonna be-

Lou: This is the part where Brennan does a bunch of math.

Brennan: Now I'm gonna do a bunch of math. You guys are welcome to talk if you
want to talk, but I'm gonna do a bunch of math.

Murph: Cool. I could, I mean, I could hold, or do you think it's better- If I
Misty Step, then at least I get in the mix, and he won't get-

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: Can you hold-

Murph: Oh, cause he’s really—

Siobhan: And he's a member of the Rocks family-

Zac: Are people- Is everyone going in there? Can we talk about that?

Lou: I mean-

Murph: I think it's just-

Zac: I think I would like to go in first, if you can hold your reaction for
me.

Murph: Really?

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: 'Cause I'm gonna scare a bunch of people.

Murph: So should we just hold- Is he gonna die? (laughs)

Siobhan: Not in the first turn.

Zac: Isn't he a barbarian?

Lou: Well, we have a surprise round.

Murph: Oh, it doesn't matter, we have a surprise round. So are you gonna fuck
us up if we go before you?

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: Oh, okay.

Zac: If you were in the 30 foot radius, that I get to.

Murph: Oh.

Zac: So-

Murph: We could hold our turns until after you, if that's what-

Zac: If you're physically gonna be there-

Siobhan: I mean, it doesn't affect me, I can go before him.

Ally: I can do whatever, too, yeah, if we're over here.

Siobhan: It's just you, I think.

Lou: Do we just all have to make a fear check?

Ally: I mostly just wanna see what's in here, I think I'm gonna use my turn.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: If you're in 30 feet, you have to pass a DC 14 check.

Ally: Of what?

Zac: Wisdom.

Ally: What's 30 feet look like here? 5, 10, 15…

Zac: That is like (indicates 30 feet on the set).

Ally: Okay, yeah, yeah.

Zac: I bet it's like that. That's my guess, I don't know.

Ally: Okay, yeah, yeah, I should be fine if I go on this side.

Zac: 30 foot radius.

Siobhan: I'm so excited.

Lou: Do I go meet Grissini before he gets to the battlefield itself?

Emily: And these people are all-

Lou: 'Cause he gets a lot of bonus- He gets- He bumps a lot of- He bumps
allies.

Murph: Yeah, those, I mean, I feel like Saccharina's gonna do a shit ton of
damage to like these masses back here, so she's best served-

Emily: I was thinking that I would go- 'Cause these are all bad guys, right?
We want to go after all of them.

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: Yep.

Zac: Are the people right there bad guys?

Ally: Not these candy people.

Murph: Not the candy people.

Ally: There's like a chocolate guy, and a jawbreaker-

Emily: Uh, I mean if they're here enjoying the gallows-

Murph: No they're getting like-

Zac: They're being forced to watch.

Siobhan: No, they were forced out. Yeah, they're the villagers who were
dragged out to watch.

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: So you guys have got that, I'll go try and head off Gristini and fry guy?

Murph: I think that's a pretty good idea.

Lou: Great, ooh, let's go to fucking work.

Emily: So, but all these guys are bad, all the military guys are bad?

Murph: Oh, yeah, all those, it's they’re Ceresian-

(overlapping chattering)

Siobhan: I'm so excited to finally use my rogue shit.

Lou: I'm real- I’m real low, so I'm going to be-

Siobhan: Yeah, I think it's only you that has to hold, 'cause you got a 7,
right?

Lou: Which banner is over there? That's Ceresia? So there's a chance
Ciabatta's in there.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: In your initiative? So you're going on the same, at the same time as
Zac, anyway, so it's just, you would have to hold an action.

Murph: I think it's, yeah-

Siobhan: To ready an action, 'cause me and Liam-

Murph: Are we worried at all that Jawbreaker would die during the surprise
round at all? Should I just do it right away?

Lou: He would be too much of an asshole if he killed him during the surprise
round, right?

Siobhan: There are also other people to save.

Emily: I don't think that they'll be able go- Won't we each- We'll each go to
round? Oh, but like you're saying right after the surprise round-

Murph: 'Cause if I go at initiative 7 or something, he might-

Siobhan: I can also go get him, though.

Murph: But I can, too, I'm at 24. So the question is just can Cumulous still
do his fear thing and leave me out of the way.

Emily: But I can get him and get out of there, is what I'm saying.

Murph: I can actually move.

Ally: Yeah-

Murph: ‘Cause Misty Step is just a bonus action.

Siobhan: Yeah, you can Misty Step and then move.

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: I can just get- Yeah, I can just move.

Emily: I was just gonna- 'Cause I have Thunder Step, so I was gonna literally
use my whole action to get over there and then Thunder Step and bring him back
and do some damage there.

Murph: I feel like you can do a fuck ton of damage, though.

Emily: I mean, with all these innocent bystanders, that kind of gets in the
way of-

Murph: There's a bunch of dudes here.

Emily: Yeah, but my spells are area damage.

Murph: Okay, whatever you think.

Ally: A lot of innocent people, actually.

Emily: Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

Siobhan: But not behind the gallows-

Ally: Not behind, you gotta do gallows and behind, I guess.

Emily: Yeah, I'm just saying that I can do that.

Lou: What are you gonna order Gooey and Swifty to do?

Emily: Oh, I'll let them act on their own accord.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, did you- Right, yeah.

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: We also-

Emily: I'm not that kind of queen.

Murph: Would you rather Thunder Step, or would you rather do something else?

Emily: I think I'm just intimidated 'cause you keep saying how much damage I
can do, and I don't know that- I don't know that I necessarily will live up to
that precisely.

Murph: No, I'm just saying that I can't do damage-

Emily: 'Cause thunder damage is one of the- Thunder Step is one of the ways I
would do damage.

Murph: The best I can hope for is to hit on two attacks, which is not very
much damage.

Brennan: That's a lot of initiative. Incredible.

Siobhan: Do you have dark vision? No.

Lou: No.

Brennan: Joren snaps. The very first thing I'm gonna roll is a death saving
throw for Joren, that's number one. We're gonna do Box of Doom for this.

Emily: Oh, 'cause he's, he's making saving throws.

Brennan: He's making saving throws, right out of the gate.

Murph: Great.

Emily: Well.

Lou: Now we know.

Brennan: Duke Joren Jawbreaker at the end of a noose. Liam, it's been a long
time since you've seen your father, his thick, crystalline beard, cape, the
jawbreaker mace. First death saving throw. 13, that’s a success. He goes
unconscious and you see (imitates groaning) as his legs kick from underneath
him. That is going to be first in the initiative order, that's going to be
Theo.

Murph: Can I Misty Step to the gallows and cut the rope?

Brennan: Awesome, that's going to be- So you're gonna go- Grab you here,
you're gonna do your movement to get to this last spot, is that within 30
feet? The answer is of course, why wouldn't you be that fortunate? That is
exactly 30 feet.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Princess flashes forward and appears at your side with you, go ahead
and make an attack roll. It's very simple, the rope is AC 12, it's got 8 hit
points.

Murph: Okay, sweet. Just in case, I'll have Princess help me. Princess, bite
me and inspire me. Ooh, good thing I did that, I rolled a 1, but also a 23.

Brennan: Cool, she's gotta beat 12 hit points. I'm sorry, what did I say? 8
hit points.

Murph: Okay. I didn't do it, 7 damage. I have two attacks.

Brennan: There you go.

Murph: Alright.

Lou: Thank God.

Zac: Can you-

Murph: Oh wait.

Zac: Can you use a cantrip?

Murph: You know what, can I use my cantrip, my Green-Flame Blade?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Murph: Cool, so that would be another d8.

Brennan: Cool, although, actually, if you do that, you won't get your second
attack.

Murph: Oh, I do, because of an Eldritch Knight thing.

Brennan: But it makes it a bonus action and you've used Misty Step.

Siobhan: No, Green Flame Blade is not a bonus action, it's an action.

Murph: That would be if I made a second attack.

Brennan: But war magic, which is your thing, let's you make a second attack as
a bonus action.

Murph: Right. Got it.

Brennan laughs evilly and sticks his tongue out at the camera.

Murph: I'm just going- I'm just gonna use Green Flame Blade and not do a
second attack.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Murph: So no matter what I do it, 'cause I did 7 damage, so-

Brennan: Great. As Joren drops, the trumpets blare. The priests smirk, (upbeat
fanfare music) and in a flash of Sucrosi light, Sir Theobald Gumbar, the
knight of North-Gumbia and Lord Commander of the Tartguard [yells] severs the
rope and Joren drops through the trapdoor underneath the gallows. I mean,
that's where, that's how that works.

Emily: It’s okay, I got him, I can do it.

Murph: Alright.

Brennan: Hell, yeah, that-

Murph: And then I'm going to use more of my movement and get- Fuck, where
should I run?

Zac: Can you run that way, and-

Ally: Go down and—

Emily: You should get, is there—

Murph: Alright, I'm gonna run over to this house.

Emily: Yeah I think that's a good-

Brennan: Cool, you were here, so that was 5, 10...

Siobhan: No, that was a Misty Step.

Murph: That was Misty Step.

Brennan: You had to get to the doorway to be able to clear 30 feet.

Murph: Oh, got it, okay.

Brennan: So that's, that was 5, 10, 15. You got 15 feet of movement left.

Murph: Okay, 15 feet, whatever gets me closest to here.

Brennan: So you're gonna go-

Ally: Can you jump down into that hole, too? Then you'd have a little bit of
cover.

Murph: Oh, should I just jump into the hole with him?

Emily: I-

Siobhan: Well, you're going to get Fear cast on you.

Zac: She can't get both of you out, yeah.

Murph: Okay, cool.

Emily: I can't get both of you out.

Brennan: Cool. And these veggie knights can't take reactions because they are
surprised, can't imagine being more surprised than these guys are right now.
That's a shocking thing to have happen. (laughs) Incredible, that is going to
be- Grissini hears- You, Ruby, watch Grissini hear something outside. Can't
take any actions 'cause he's surprised, but he comes out of the surprise
condition, first person to know that something-

Siobhan: Yeah, he's alert.

Brennan: He's a very alert guy, yes. Liam, that is you.

Ally: Okay, I am going to- Fuck it. Okay, I'm gonna run up to the door. And
what is- If I just wanna bump fry guy out of the way and enter the place, is
that an opposed Athletics? Would that take my action?

Brennan: Would that take your action? You would have to use an attack getting
him, you would have to use a shove to-

Ally: Even with my Stealth, there's no way to kind of sneak behind him into
the door?

Brennan: In the- You wouldn't be in darkness, you would just be in the light.

Ally: Is he using anything on his eyes? 'Cause then I'm not, I can't be seen.

Brennan: No, but he's not using Darkvision. He's just next to a flaming
brazier of coals.

Zac: Can you just kill that onion person through the window?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Oh, yeah.

Siobhan: Sneak Attack.

Brennan: I mean, yeah.

Siobhan: He don't know you're there.

Murph: Yeah, shoot him through the window!

Brennan: I'm trying to think of the- Of like, shooting through an unopened
window.

Emily: You are an assassin.

Brennan: I would say, you're an assassin. I would say you just have
disadvantage on the first attack, but you have advantage on all your attacks
right now, so it would just be a straight roll, to adjust for firing through
panes of glass, right?

Ally: Okay. So the total-

Brennan: Or-

Ally: Total, I get three attacks, can I just roll all three? Would they all be
flat?

Brennan: Only the first one would get that disadvantage 'cause after the first
one, you shatter the glass of the window.

Murph: Sweet.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: Go ahead and move, so you're- Which window are you firing through,
there's one-

Ally: The one right in front of me, right here on the side.

Brennan: So you're literally looking him in the face and he can't see you
because the interior of his window is reflecting his own candlelight that he's
writing from.

Zac: Road to perdition.

(overlapping chattering)

Lou: Damn, dog, this is Game of Thrones. [mimics writing and then getting shot
in the head]

Siobhan: Oh, God, that's so scary.

Brennan: Yeah, you are a fucking spirit of the dark woods and move up with
your crossbow, which you still have to name. And go ahead and move your figure
up to the window.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: You're hidden in the murky shadows on the other side of the corner
from the brazier. Go ahead and make your first attack roll.

Ally: Okay, my first attack is a nat 1, holy shit.

Brennan: Oh, no. You shatter the window, miss horribly, and he is alerted to
your presence. You get two other attacks.

Ally: Okay, the person guarding the door isn't alerted, right?

Brennan: He's alerted too, on a nat 1, he heard the glass shatter, as well.

Ally: Goddammit, okay, I take a dash as my Cunning Action.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Can you keep attacking, though?

Brennan: You do have two more attacks.

Murph: Just shoot this dude.

Siobhan: Yeah, shoot him, kill him, fuck him up.

Murph: It doesn't make any more difference, yeah.

Ally: Yeah, you're right, I thought that, wait, one second. Yeah, I just don't
have any of my assassin advantage or anything to crit on this dude.

Brennan: You do still- Now you still do, you still have advantage because he
hasn't acted, and you still auto crit because he's surprised. It's just that
now you've made, your nat one, you've made a noise, you've alerted people,
they know something's going on.

Ally: Oh, then yeah, definitely, okay. So two more attacks on him, that's one.
(laughs) Nat 20.

Murph: Nat 20!

Ally: And then, yeah, 18 plus 10, that's 28.

Brennan: Truly insane, let's go, let's see.

Lou: Remember when we all used to cheer for nat 20s? Now it's expected.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: I watched guys do that last battle and I got numb to them.

Brennan: Okay, so this is gonna be 2d10, plus 2d8, plus 4d6-

Siobhan: Jesus.

Brennan: Plus 7.

Ally: I think it's actually more than that 'cause I crit. I critted on both of
them.

Brennan: This is already crit, you automatically crit-

Murph: As an assassin.

Brennan: As an assassin-

Ally: Yeah, so it's two crits, right? Those were different attacks.

Brennan: You can't- Oh, wait, no, every attack on this guy is a crit, no
matter what.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: So you don't, you don’t add- You're already doubling your dice 'cause
you're going-

Zac: So the nat 20 didn't mean anything.

Brennan: The nat 20 didn't actually mean anything this time because it's
automatically a crit.

Ally: Yeah, yeah. But that would be- I'm rolling a d10 for the damage. I'm
rolling a d8 and then I'm rolling for the Sneak Attack, right?

Brennan: 2d6, exactly, so that 1d10, plus 1d8, plus 2d6 becomes 2d10, plus
2d8, plus 4d6.

Murph: And you could do that twice.

Brennan: You could do, oh, yeah, so sorry. So actually it's 4d10, plus 4d8,
plus 8d6, plus 14.

Murph: Let's do that all at the same time. Do you need some d10s?

Ally: Yeah, I got it, I got it all. I had already premeasured it.

Murph: That's for two attacks?

Ally: Yeah, so, and then I take one of those out, yeah-

Brennan: Oh, sorry, it's not 8d6, you only apply Sneak Attack once per turn.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: So it's 4d10 plus- And the d8 is only on one attack per Dread
Ambusher. You're not gonna kill all my guys right away. So it's 4d10, plus
2d8, plus 4d6, plus 14, and that's a reasonable amount of damage.

Ally: Plus, sorry—

(slow orchestral music)

Emily: This is like calculus.

Ally: Sorry, plus 4d6?

Brennan: Yeah, 4d6, 2d8, and 4d10.

Zac: I feel crazy listening to this.

Emily: I know, I-

Ally: And then this is plus-

Brennan: 14.

[Ally rolls all of their dice, clattering]

Lou: [to the camera] You hear that?

Ally: That's right, so-

Lou: These are the sounds that Brennan normally makes.

Zac: [also to the camera] Did you hear that?

Lou: We're taking the power back.

Zac: We're asking if you heard.

Lou: [grinning, hand by his ear] Did you hear it, did you hear us?

Siobhan: That's the sound of winning.

Lou: PC's taking the power back, he's gonna kill all of us.

Ally: 20, 32, 40-

Lou: Pop this dude later.

Siobhan: Shit, man.

Ally: 52 plus 14 is.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: 66 points of-

Ally: 66 points of damage, cool.

Siobhan: In one fucking-

Ally: And that's with a nat 1 leading me off. I could have fucking iced this
guy.

Brennan: Liam, you walk up to the window, point your crossbow through and this
guy gets alerted on the first one in time to get a crossbow bolt in the
collarbone and another one deep in his gut as he falls ass backwards out of
his chair, unable to see who just attacked him.

Emily: If you think about it, it's like now he's gonna die with Fear.

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: It's kind of nice that you alerted him.

Ally: It's better than a killing blow. Does the person guarding the door run
in to meet him, since he probably knows someone is there?

Brennan: Not his turn yet, so you're not sure what he's gonna do.

Ally: Okay, okay.

Brennan: But you have a bonus action and movement left.

Ally: Great, I'm gonna run to this one.

Brennan: Okay, awesome, go ahead-

Ally: Oh, wait, he’s- I cast Hunter's Mark on him already.

Brennan: [defeated] Jesus.

Murph: Oh, and you crit.

Ally: Yeah, and I crit it.

Brennan: And you crit it. So Hunter's Mark is, what, an extra d6?

Ally: d8. Oh, no, you're right, d6, sorry.

Siobhan: On both attacks?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: So a 4d6?

Siobhan: And you crit? Yeah.

Emily: 66, plus-

Brennan: So that's a- So that's an extra 4d6 damage.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Ally: Okay. Fuck yeah.

Murph: Alright.

Ally: Alright, that's an extra 18.

Brennan, squeezing his eyes shut as if in pain, thunks a hand on the table.

Ally: So that's, yeah.

Brennan: [pressing his fingers into his eyes] This is one of my main guys!

Zac: 84, 84?

Ally: Fuck vegetables, 84 damage.

Siobhan: How does it feel, Brennan?

Brennan: It feels not good!

Siobhan: How does it fucking feel?

Brennan: Wait, how much- You did 84-

Ally: 84 total, right? If that's-

Zac: 'Cause if you said-

Brennan: 66 plus, what, how much-

Zac: 18?

Brennan: So 66 plus 18 is 84.

Murph: Jesus, Liam.

Ally: Sick.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Man!

Ally: Through a window.

Murph: Liam, imagine if you hit on your first attack.

Ally: Yeah, I mean, if it wasn't- If I had had advantage, it wouldn't have
been a nat 1.

Brennan: Truly insane. Okay.

Ally: Is he down?

Brennan: He is not down, he is not down.

Ally: Whoa.

Brennan: He went from writing at his desk to shitting himself, covered in his
own blood, screaming, in a horrifing- This is, you are not a warrior. This is
a murder, this is a full murder.

Lou: That’s a war guy!

Emily: It’s an assassination, assassination.

Lou: A war guy. What's up, dude, we're the monsters now!

Siobhan: I message to Liam,

Ruby: Yes, bitch, yes! Absolutely, Liam.

Brennan: That's Liam's turn-

Murph: Since we have a surprise round, he's probably not gonna get to go until
after your next thing, maybe?

Siobhan: Yeah, so you should kill him now.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: Or maybe you should kill him.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: That actually is something that is true about Dread Ambusher, sorry
about another rules moment. But the technical rules for Dread Ambusher are-
Or, no, sorry, for Assassinate are that- Sorry, sorry, hold on. You have
advantage against a creature that hasn't taken a turn in the combat and in
addition, any hit you score against a creature that is surprised is a critical
hit. So you wouldn't get that automatic crit against him, but you would get
advantage on all your rolls against him if he doesn't act before your next
turn. Something to think about. But what is Liam gonna do?

Ally: Let me see, I am going to hide, I guess? Is that something I can use as
a bonus action-

Brennan: Yeah, you can bonus action hide, absolutely.

Ally: I'm gonna hide in this house, I think, just so I'm one step closer to
figuring out what's in here.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and use your movement, you have 30 feet of movement,
so. Oh, hell, yeah, just go ahead and give me an Athletics to clamber up
there.

Ally: Sure. 17.

Brennan: Hell, yeah, you just scramble up, fucking Batman style, slinking
through this burned out building and crouch down like a sniper in the- This is
like- You're just having an extreme Call of Duty moment over here. And you
actually- I'm looking right through it. You have an exact- I can see his mini
from where I am through the window.

Ally: So I can just shoot from there next turn.

Murph: What a nightmare.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: What a fucking nightmare for him.

Ally: Hell yeah. Come on, onion bitch.

Lou: Yeah, you take away a boy's peppermint pig-

(overlapping chattering)

Siobhan: I know you’re friends with that carrot.

Liam: Someone you know took my peppermint pig.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me another hide check, or a Stealth check.

Ally: Oh, sure, just not a nat one. Nat 20, making it a 40 Stealth check.

Murph: Unbelievable.

Brennan: Insane, Ruby-

Ally: Does 40 mean I'm just never found for the rest of the fight?

Brennan: You're fully invisible, you are a war ghost.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: That's gonna be Ruby.

Siobhan: What's the light situation inside this-

Brennan: Lit by candles.

Siobhan: Okay. And can I tell from where I am that this ladder is like a
little entrance into here?

Brennan: Into the attic? Yes.

Siobhan: Into the attic? And the attic is- But it's the same- I wouldn't have
to open a trapdoor or anything to get from the attic down? Who knows, it's in
the inside of this-

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Okay, here is what I would like to do. I would like to cast Jump on
myself.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: And jump over to here.

Brennan: Dope.

Siobhan: And then sneak in this way.

Brennan: Awesome, you cast Jump as your action. You- No roll necessary, you
spring, cat-like, to the roof. It takes your movement to get to the roof at
the end of the ladder over there. You have a bonus action left.

Siobhan: Oh, what am I gonna do as my bonus action? (laughs) Am I- Can I get
inside?

Brennan: You can take a dash action to get inside, yeah.

Siobhan: Great, oh, yeah, I'll do that.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Stealth roll.

Siobhan: Great. 30.

Brennan: You acrobatically leap, like one of the the Swirler Sisters, through
the air, land on the opposite ladder, and slink through an open hatch into the
attic, where you can hear Grissini beginning to bark orders to his men
outside.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and move your mini, and Yak, you are in the attic of
that building over there. If you would like, actually, go ahead and throw Ruby
onto that. Awesome, that's going to be Gooey and Swifty, who delay their
action to accompany Saccharina. Then, hold on a moment.

Ruby: I'm gonna kill you, bitch.

Zac: Can I- we both have 7, right?

Emily: Yeah, I would like to go first.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: For your sake.

Zac: I can get out in my same move, but-

Emily: If you wanna do that, you can.

Zac: You go first, yeah, I just don't want those dudes to be in the mix when
I-

Emily: What dudes?

Zac: The guys who are going on your turn, Swifty and-

Emily: No, I'm not gonna- 'Cause I don't want them in that area, either.

Zac: Cool.

Brennan: Okay, Manta Ray's taking his cue from Amethar, he delays. Caramelinda
is concentrating on the spell. I'm gonna make roll for-

Emily: In her ice wall.

Brennan: In her ice wall, she's gonna roll with advantage 'cause of her cozy
little ice cottage, her igloo.

Emily: Figured it would help her concentration.

Brennan: Yes, it gives her advantage on her concentration. The army starts
shouting, they clearly see that something's going on, there's a shatter over
there. Cumulous, that's you and Saccharina.

Zac: Saccharina, you can go first.

Emily: Yeah, I can go first.

Brennan: Saccharina, would you like your mini?

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan hands Emily Saccharina’s mini.

(group cheers)

Ally: That little artisanal wooden spoon!

Siobhan: Oh my goodness, beautiful.

Emily: Hell yeah!

Ally: That's sick.

Murph: She's pretty rad.

Emily: So I was with Caramelinda, so I'm probably right around here.

Brennan: Yep.

Emily: I want to- I want to run. I would like to- Okay, so with Tempestuous
Magic, before I cast a first level or higher spell, I can fly 10 feet.

Brennan: Hell, yeah.

Emily: Can I like, run through this friendly crowd and then fly 10 feet over
these people, 'cause I don't take opportunity attacks.

Brennan: You absolutely can, yes.

Emily: Okay, so I run here. I fly, fly over them, and then I cast- And then
who all is within 10 feet of me?

Brennan: Joren Jawbreaker is down underneath the gallows and other than that,
it's all these Vegetanians.

Emily: Okay, so what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna do a fourth level Thunder Step.
I'm grabbing Joren to come with me.

Brennan: [realizing] You can pick one person to come with you.

Emily: Yes, I'm doing a fourth level Thunder Step—

Brennan has a hand over his mouth.

Emily: And I'm also using my Channel Divinity, my Channel Divinity Destructive
Wrath. So I'm just doing max damage, so they're all taking 40 points of
damage, and then since I cast a lightning spell, they're also all gonna take
another 3. And then I'm gonna use Quicken Spell to do Spare the Dying on Joren
as I teleport him back in here.

Brennan is frozen, staring at Emily with a hand at his mouth still.

(players laughing)

Murph: Holy shit. Oh my god.

Siobhan: Fuck you up, Brennan. You read the rule book this time.

Murph: Yo.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You did, what, you did-

Siobhan: 43-

Emily: 43 damage to everyone within 10 feet of me.

Siobhan: Everybody within 10 feet.

Brennan: And not to Joren Jawbreaker.

Emily: But not to Joren Jawbreaker because he's coming with me. And also, I
spared him, so he's no longer dying.

Brennan, hand still at his mouth but now in a ‘thinking’ pose, raises his
eyebrows at Emily.

Murph: Everyone likes Saccharina now.

Brennan: Everyone likes Saccharina now! (laughs)

Murph: Theo- Theo pees a little bit.

Brennan: Um… [sighs] Yeah, yes, yeah. Yeah, for sure, yeah-

Ally: Fuck yeah, that's insane.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Did you just do max damage?

Emily: Yeah, once a day I can do max damage on lightning or thunder.

Zac: Uhhh!

Brennan: Okay, okay, so you-

Emily: It does max damage.

Brennan: You get the free- It's not even a bonus, it's just a free action that
you go 10 feet flying.

Emily: Yep.

Brennan: You land, 43 damage-

Emily: 43 damage to everyone around me, 'cause-

Brennan: Is there a save for half, or there's-

Emily: Oh, yeah, there's a save for half.

Brennan: Okay, there's a save for half, okay, 43 and you- So let's resolve
what can't- What I can't stop first. You fly, they're all, surprised, you
know. But they don't get any opportunity on you coming because you're,
specifically your ability says that, and then you're just grabbing Joren and
disappearing back, you go back into this area here. He's prone-

Emily: I’m gonna put him into Amethar's arms and say,

Saccharina: I got your cousin.

(Brennan laughs)

Amethar: Ohhh, ohh.

Brennan: And then 10 feet from here, so that's, that's them, that's- No, not
that person, okay, over there.

Emily: Oh, I also have Wind Speaker, so I do speak to the wind as I do it.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Have a nice little conversation.

Brennan: Okay. 43 damage, you (snaps)- I'm gonna roll to see what happens to
all of these people that I was- This person, even with half, nothing. Nothing,
they can't survive. The rest-

Zac: See you. Bye.

Brennan: Bye.

Ally: Bye.

Zac: Bye!

Ally: Blows the trumpets.

Brennan: One, two.

Murph: That's insane.

Ally: Mhmm.

Brennan: Okay, so it's just the knights and these priests, really. So we're
gonna go like this. Well, your DC is- For this spell, I believe it's 16.

Emily: For this spell, yes, my sorcerer DC.

Brennan: And what type of saving throw is it?

Emily: 16, it is a Constitution saving throw.

Brennan: Okay, so the one on the dais is going to make it.

Emily: They don't- They do all take the three damage, though, 'cause that's my
sort of stormy aura.

Brennan: Gotcha, okay, so that's gonna be-

Emily: So on a save they'll still take 23.

Brennan: One, two, three. So that's gonna be 43, so that’s gonna be 23, 23 and
then- Or, no, sorry, two of them take 43. And then this one takes 23. The two
knights on either side of you- Okay, you know what, I'm not gonna narrate
anything 'cause this is so, there's so much happening, and I'm ruined, um… I'm
ruined.

Ally: I have a question.

Brennan: [defeated] Yeah, what's up? What's up, Ally?

Ally: I think I did Disguise Self to look like the onion before we started. So
technically, did that onion person hear a window shatter and then they saw
themselves ice them and then disappear?

Brennan: Correct.

Ally: Okay, I wasn't sure if that landed, that I did Disguise Self.

Brennan: That onion bishop had a full David Lynch movie-

The camera briefly shows the onion bishop staring at himself through the
window.

Emily: Maybe you should leave him alive 'cause he's gonna be insane now. He's
gonna be scared of his own reflection.

Brennan: These priests need a 16 or higher, okay.

Murph: Unbelievable.

Ally: That's crazy.

Murph: I didn't know Thunder Step could do that much damage.

Ally: Same.

Emily: I did it at fourth level, so I added another d10, and I can do max—

Brennan: Okay, you- And you are back here now. Do you- What do you want Gooey
and Swifty to do, if anything?

Emily: I think I'm gonna tell them to- I think I'm gonna tell- I feel like we
should have someone- No, because the Wall of Ice already has an AC, so no one
can attack Caramelinda. I think I'm gonna dispatch them to go with- Meet up
with Theo.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Emily: And explore that house.

Ally: Yeah, we need to find out what's in here, it's definitely Ciabatta.

Brennan: So they're gonna take a full double move, bustling through the crowd,
Gooey's-

Emily: They could maybe attack these guys, if they- Unless they-

Brennan: Unfortunately, the crowd is not friendly. It's difficult terrain, so
they have to use their whole movement to get all the way out here. And
Swifty's gonna go with- Actually, no, Swifty's much faster. So Swifty's gonna
scoot all the way over here into the darkness. So here's what you guys see.
Saccharina strides to the door. You hear a crash of distant thunder. The
entire- All the trees in town bend to almost 45 degrees, (imitates wind
blowing) as candy is stripped off the roofs. The door rattles, and the lock on
the other door busts open, as the door is taken off into the sky by the wind.
Saccharina rises up and (imitates wind) is borne aloft by the wind, lands on
the stage, reaches a hand into the gallows, and just summons Joren up into her
hand. Lightning crashes from the sky. In a blinding flash of light, she is
gone. These trumpeters are dead. Only this guy looks- This guy and the long
neck celery priest look badly injured. This priest and the two knights to
either side look dangling by the thinnest possible thread into life and you
are gone, and Joren is stable. Oh my God. That is going to be Amethar's turn.

Zac: Oh, I think it's-

Brennan: Oh, sorry, Cumulous's.

Zac: Cumulous's. It kind of changes what I was thinking of doing in a good
way.

Emily: Okay, okay.

Murph: 'Cause I could just wreck some dudes.

Zac: Yeah.

Emily: And Joren is spared-

Zac: Cumulous is going to- I don't, I mean-

Brennan: [to the camera] Yeah, if Emily Axford has spells, there's not a lot
you can do.

Zac: I don't think Hour of Reaping is gonna be that helpful 'cause it's a DC
14 spell save, and they maybe won't be hurt. So I'm just- Cumulous is gonna
run out the front door, land right here, jump up here-

Brennan: Cool, oh, right, you have Fluffwind, which gives you an insane jump
speed. Right, there's not even an issue with this. So you rush out, leap right
here. Awesome.

Zac: Is there a spot where I can be within five feet of three people?

Brennan: Within five feet of three people?

Zac: Right there?

Brennan: Right there, you can be within five feet.

Zac: I'm gonna use two- Well, actually, no, that actually doesn't do that much
damage. I'm gonna punch this celery neck in the back of the head. Do I have
advantage?

Brennan: No, you do not have advantage in this instance. It's fully lit,
you're not attacking from being hidden.

Zac: Okay, first attack.

(dramatic orchestral music)

Zac: That's gonna hit, 28.

Brennan: You hit, yes.

Zac: And I'm going to-

Brennan: Are you attacking unarmed, or with Fluffwind?

Zac: With the Fluffwind.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: And so that's 1d8 plus 6, how injured does this person look? I'm trying
to decide if I should Stunning Fist them.

Brennan: They look somewhat- Somewhat fucked up, for sure.

Emily: Also, if you stunned them on the first hit, then you can get advantage,
right? On the next attack.

Brennan: Correct, yes.

Zac: I'll do that-

Emily: That's something I- it took me a while to learn in Unsleeping City.

Zac: 1d8, plus- I did 8 damage to them.

Brennan: Okay, it's a Con save to not be stunned, I believe, correct?

Zac: Yes, correct.

Brennan: Okay. He fails.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: How much damage is that, sorry?

Zac: That was just eight.

Brennan: Okay, you get advantage on the next attack.

Murph: Come on, nat 20.

Ally: Crit.

Zac: It hits, but not a nat 20.

Brennan: How much is it?

Zac: It was a 20-

Lou: Too disappointing.

Zac: I haven't rolled the damage yet, but it was a 26 or something.

Brennan: Cool, yeah, absolutely. You do get 26, cool, and the first one was
more than that?

Zac: First hit was a 19. I'm just talking about the attack roll.

Brennan: Oh, the attack roll, yes, yes, yes, cool, gotcha.

Zac: So first damage I did was 8, and then this is now 12.

Brennan: 12 more damage? Okay.

Zac: Yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Oh, Jesus, okay, also now on death's door.

Zac: Okay, I'll do, I'll use another Ki point and do- uh, yknow, uh— what am I
trying to say?

Brennan: Flurry of Blows?

Zac: Flurry of Blows.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: So I've used two by now, and it's still fucked up, so I got advantage,
right?

Brennan: Correct, still stunned.

Zac: Okay. 19, rolled a 19, so-

Ally: Oh, so close.

Siobhan: Nice.

Zac: That would be just a d6 plus 5, so that's 6. I'm rolling like shit on
these damage rolls. So that was 6 damage.

Brennan: You leap to the gallows after the thunder is gone and that red cotton
candy swirl surrounds you, and you just stay floating, doing that anime style
where you're throwing punches and hitting down so hard that you just remain
floating in air, and shatter the skull and break the long neck of this celery
priest.

Zac: Okay, and is-

Emily: Oh, is he dead?

Brennan: Dead.

Zac: Flurry of Blows, is that a bonus action?

Brennan: It is a bonus action.

Zac: Do I have any movement left?

Brennan: You’ve used your- You have, what is your speed?

Zac: 45.

Ally: Find out who's in this!

Brennan: 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40. You have 5 feet of movement.

Zac: And I can't take any more bonus actions, I realize, I fucked up. But I
had one more Flurry left, so I'm gonna punch this dude in the back of the
head.

Brennan: Which guy? Kale, or this dude, or the knight?

Zac: The knight, I guess.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and make an attack roll. And this is just, yeah, a
normal attack.

Zac: That is a 20, not nat.

Brennan: 20 hits.

Zac: 7 damage.

Brennan: [without ceremony] You kick the back of his skull in and he dies.

Ally: What?!

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: My man is smashing skulls today.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: And as your foot reaches out and cleaves as a crescent kick and just
puts a jagged fried edge of his helmet into his-

Zac: And I have 5 feet of movement left?

Brennan: 5 feet of movement left-

Zac: I'm diving into that hole.

Brennan: Oh, shit, yeah, you dive and disappear into the hole, blam.

Lou: Blam, baby, in the hole.

Zac: There we go.

Brennan: Amethar, that's gonna be you.

Lou: Great, Amethar's been watching everything drastically change and everyone
do crazy shit, so he's-

Amethar: Hey, Monterrey? Manta Ray, sorry. Manta, hey, let's just- Let's do
some crowd control.

Lou: And I step out, I'm just like,

Amethar: Hey. I'm former King Amethar, everybody in the sugar hut!

[Brennan laughs incredulously]

Lou: And I say,

Amethar: Manta, you right, me left.

Lou: And I'm gonna go left and engage these guys.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you go left, so you're gonna first of all, go- So that's
gonna be 5, 10, 15, 20. Are you gonna move-

Lou: I'm like,

Amethar: Excuse me, miss.

Brennan: Yeah. Do you want to get behind these guys?

Lou: I'd like to be behind, yeah.

Brennan: Cool, you use your movement to get right there and here's the mini
for Manta Ray Jack!

(group cheers)

Lou: Aw hell yeah.

Ally: That's really cute.

Brennan: There he is.

Ally: That's like Captain Crunch Spongebob.

Emily: Everyone remember, there was a Cruller mini at one point, don't trust
them just 'cause there's a mini of them.

Ally: True.

Murph: I don't know, any mini's good.

Siobhan: I never trusted that cake.

Brennan: Cool, Manta Ray's gonna run over here. Amethar, go ahead and take
your turn-

Lou: Great, yeah, I'll go into a rage and, well, let's just get to it, great,
a 19.

Brennan: Hit.

Lou: Great, oh. Reroll ones, still a 1, 7 plus 9 equals 16.

Brennan: [mimes an axe impact] Dead.

Lou: Great, and then I'll use, I already used a bonus action to rage, and then
we'll go after the other guy. 17 to hit?

Brennan: 17 to hit, hits.

Lou: Great, reroll twos, 10 plus 9, 19.

Brennan: [mimics Amethar’s attack] A spray of blood, as you howl at the
Candians to get into the sugar hut. You go out, and every Ceresian you can get
your hands on is dead the moment you come charging out of the sugar hut.
Surprise rounds for eighth level characters… [to the camera] Take care with
those, just be careful about those, is my only thing.

Siobhan: You set this up.

Brennan: I did set this up.

Lou: Come on, Manta.

Zac: What are you like, Manta Ray, what are you doing?

Siobhan: Yeah, what's your deal?

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Is he a swashbuckler?

[Faint sound of rattling dice]

Emily: Oh.

Siobhan: Is that a beautiful Stealth attack pile of dice?

Brennan: And 5 is 11. Which is the exact hit point total. You see that Manta
Ray comes, sort of going out and says,

Manta Ray: I catch you on the other side, Amethar, and don't let your little
high-born self get shown up!

Amethar: Oh, don't get us counting, Manta Ray.

Manta Ray: Alright.

Brennan: And you hear from the other side of the thing a Ceresian (yells), and
you hear,

Manta Ray: One!

Amethar: Oh, I'm already on two.

Manta Ray: Oh, you're cheating.

Brennan: And yeah, Manta Ray skewers one of the Ceresian soldiers. That is
Amethar. Joren is stable. Townsfolk- Yeah, these women grab their children and
begin to rush, just pile into the sugar hut and begin to crowd around the
doorway here, (slow orchestral music) fleeing as fast as they can. Okay, back
to the top of the order, that's Theo.

Lou: Okay. (laughs)

Siobhan: Okay, alright.

Murph: All right, hey, we got a couple guys there, but I should see what's
going on in this house. I'm gonna use my movement to go up to one of the
windows, see what's going on.

Brennan: Go up to one of the windows, okay, cool. So you're gonna go up to one
of the windows-

Siobhan: Can you not see from where you are-

Murph: Oh, yeah, can I see anything, or?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Murph: No, 7.

Brennan: Dimly lit, you see some shapes in there. That's about the best you
can do.

Murph: Okay, I guess I'll run up to the-

Brennan: Run up to the window?

Murph: Yeah, or should I go to the door? Where's the door?

Brennan: The door's right here. You could just run up to the door.

Murph: Oh, yeah, I'm just gonna run and kick the door in.

Brennan: Okay, give me Athletics.

Murph: Sweet. A 14.

Lou: Love that thud.

Brennan: Bam, door flies off its hinges-

Lou: It's my guy, right there.

Brennan: You're gonna get an attack with opportunity from this knight right
here as you leave-

Lou: Please, please.

Brennan: -the threatened range. Does a- A 16 does not-

Lou: No, of course not.

Brennan: Cling off your armor.

Theobald: You're all under arrest by the true king of Candia.

(Brennan laughs)

Amethar: Queen!

Theobald: And the queen, it's all very confusing. There are two queens.

Amethar: No, it's just one, I'm not a guy anymore.

Theobald: You're also the king.

Ally: The king and queen are dad and daughter? Who is it?

Brennan: You see an armory full of weapons.

Murph: Wow! And just a dude?

Brennan: And just one guy. (laughs)

Murph: Oh, goddammit.

Theobald: Guys, this house sucks. There's nothing in it.

Liam: What the fuck? This house sucks!  
  
Zac: [pointing] Those weapons look sick.

Siobhan: Those weapons really look sick.

(overlapping chattering)

Brennan: You see you rush in and there's a Ceresian soldier who just- The
Ceresian soldier just goes. (screams)

Theobald: Fuck you!

Murph: And I try to kill him.

Amethar: Remember that the marauders have trash weapons!

Zac: Those weapons look sick, dude.

Murph: Yeah, they might be sick.

Ruby: They might be those-

Zac: They all look sick, they all look-

Murph: Do they look sick?

Brennan: They look like some fucking sick Candian weapons.

Murph: Alright,

Theobald: Guys, it's actually pretty sick in here.

Liam: What? I thought it sucked!

Saccharina: Get into the looting spirit.

Theobald: I'm wrong.

Saccharina: See, looting is fun.

Murph: Okay, I'm going to, Green Flame Blade, and then I'm gonna use- Princess
is gonna help me make an attack. That is a 26 to hit.

Lou: Why does it take so long for-

Brennan: You hit.

Murph: And then-

Lou: His dice always spin for a really long time.

Murph: Oh, boy, that's only 9 damage.

Brennan: 9, okay, 9 damage, still standing.

Murph: Alright, make my second attack with a bonus action. Nat 20.

(group cheers)

Murph: Alright.

Zac: Oh, that's our guy.

Ally: Crit crew, crit crew.

Lou: That's our guy right there.

Siobhan: Crit crew.

Murph: Another 12 damage.

Siobhan: K-R-I-T.

Brennan: You bust the door in, see one guy who screams.

Theobald: Fuck you, dude.

Brennan: You smash him up against the wall with Swirlwarden and just feel the
end of the Battlepop scrape the wall, pushing through his body against the
backside.

Lou: Jesus, Theo!

Brennan: He falls immediately dead to the ground. Cool, you've used 20 feet of
movement and your bonus action.

Murph: How sick is- How sick are these weapons?

Brennan: You wouldn't be able to tell what they were in the heat of battle,
but-

Murph: Can I grab- Just grab- (mimics grabbing weapons)

Brennan: You just want to grab a big heaping helping of weapons?

Murph: I would like to grab a big heaping helping of weapons.

Emily: I did send my people to help.

Brennan: Oh, that's right, on your initiative.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, Swifty's right there.

Murph: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah if they were-

Brennan: You see, yeah, Swifty and Gooey-

Emily: Don't they have advantage on looting?

Brennan: Swifty and Gooey both run in, look at this, and Swifty says,

Swifty: Oh, my little ginger balls, look at this!

Brennan: And you see that Gooey goes,

Gooey: We got it.

Theobald: Alright.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: You see that Swifty just starts going, pew, pew, pew, rushing back
and forth with little weapons and pieces of treasure in his arms.

Theobald: Swifty, I love your enthusiasm.

Swifty: Ha ha, I wanna get rich!

Brennan: You see-

Theobald: Yes, with honor and diligence, and we want to protect our queen.

Swifty: No, fuck that!

Theobald: What?

Brennan: Cool, that's Theo. Grissini.

Siobhan: Shit!

Brennan: Goes-

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: 5.

Siobhan: Oh, he's leaving the hut?

Brennan: 10, 15, 20.

Siobhan: 'Cause he doesn't know I'm here?

Brennan: 30.

Siobhan: Oh, good.

Brennan: Grissini barks an order to those two guards right there. Goes 30, and
then-

Ally: Do you speak Ceresian?

Siobhan: [shaking her head] But I can understand that he's telling them to do
something.

Brennan: Yes, he says something, you don't speak Ceresian, but he says
something to them in Ceresian, and then he's gonna-

Zac: What two guards?

Murph: Probably the two dudes right there.

Zac: Oh, I didn't realize, there's two guys right here?

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: Oh, does he not make it to me?

Brennan: He does not make it to you.

(Lou laughs)

Brennan: That is gonna be Constano, grant an ally within— does he have an ally
within 30 feet?

Siobhan: Is that meep an ally?

Lou: Him and that meep.

Brennan: [sucks in a breath] Oh, Constano, your situation was better a moment
ago.

Lou: Sorry, they're dead, Constano.

Siobhan: I mean, he made my life much easier.

Brennan: [laughs] That is gonna be Constano's turn, that's gonna be Liam.

Ally: So I still have advantage 'cause these people haven't acted yet.

Brennan: You still have advantage, it's not an auto crit anymore.

Ally: Really?

Brennan: It's not an auto crit 'cause he's not surprised anymore, but you do
have advantage, also, you're attacking from being completely invisible.

Murph: If he hasn't acted yet, doesn't he-

Ally: Yeah, he hasn't acted yet, so it's like if-

Brennan: Surprise ends at the end of the first round. Notice that the wording
is different in Dread Ambusher, you get- Or the wording is different with
Assassinate.

Murph: Oh, it's just surprise. Got it.

Brennan: Right? So you get the auto crit for surprise. You get the advantage
for having taken an action-

Ally: Oh, got you, okay, cool, cool, cool.

Brennan: No worries.

Murph: Just shoot him in the head.

Ally: Okay, great, I'll still, yeah. I think I'll- I am going to, first, yeah,
attack him.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: [realizing] Oh, okay.

Ally: What?

Zac: No, no, just-

Brennan: Go for it, yeah.

Ally: Ooh, 15 to hit?

Brennan: 15 to hit is not gonna do it.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: So that's your first attack. You can go ahead and roll your second
attack.

Ally: Cool, so my second attack. 25 to hit.

Brennan: 25 hits.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: And this is gonna be 1d10, plus 3d6 for Hunter's Mark and Sneak
Attack, and not plus 1d8. So it's just 1d10 plus 3d6 plus 7.

Ally: Got it. Great, that's 16 plus 7, is 20—

Zac: 3?.

Ally: 3.

Brennan: Truly one of the scions of the Church is hit with another arrow,
screams in pain, and begins to hobble to his feet, he looks so near death.

Ally: Okay. Let me see and I don't get another attack, right?

Brennan: You don't get another attack.

Ally: First turn, oh, yeah, it's just my first turn where I get that?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: Okay, cool, then I am going to yell in Bulbosi, which I'm fluent in,

Liam: You have made a big mistake.

Brennan: [laughs] He screams and says,

Onionpatch: [pained yelling] Bulb above, the demons at the door, the spirits
of darkness have come to claim me! The Hungry One!

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Then, no, I'm gonna stay where I'm at. I'm gonna hide, though.

Brennan: Cool, give me a bonus action to hide.

Ally: Oh, sure. 28.

Brennan: Cool, still a fucking shadow, no shot. Okay. That is Liam, Ruby,
that's you.

Siobhan: Okay, I'd like to jump down, free Liam's mom.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Is that a full action to-

Brennan: That's a bonus action to free Liam's mom.

Siobhan: Great, and then I would like to cast Invisibility on Liam's mom.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me, first of all, a thieves tool check, and
this is bonus action with Mage Hand.

Siobhan: 9.

Brennan: 9 is not gonna do it, so you can try again, but with another action.

Siobhan: Okay.

Murph: Do you have your-

Siobhan: Oh, I have Yak.

Brennan: Oh, he can give you advantage on that roll.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: Okay, that does it, that's 25.

Brennan: You leap down, Mage Hand the lock open as you're casting Invisibility
on her.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: She looks at you and goes, she's got her hands up, tied up, and she
goes,

Spearia: [gentle, Midwestern] Oh my God, look at you. You're so- a little
precious, are you gonna rescue me?

Ruby nods.

Emily: Oh my God, no.

Spearia: I'm Spearia, and I think I actually know who you—

Ruby puts a finger over her lips.

Spearia: Oh, okay, yeah, let's keep it. We're gonna keep it real quiet, shush,
shush, shush.

Ruby nods.

Emily: Oh, no, (laughs) when you described her, she was like the coolest
looking person in the world.

Ally: And now she's like Cafe Gratitude waitress.

Spearia: You guys, I love it, honestly, all right. Let's do this, let's get
out of here.

Ally: Oh, no.

Emily: No! (laughs)

Ally: Oh no.

Siobhan: So that's my action and my bonus action.

Emily: I guess that's how you guys felt when you met me.

Brennan: Oh, that's your action, the bonus action. That's your movement to get
down there, hell, yeah. That's Ruby, Spearia is invisible. Go ahead and give
me a Stealth check, just from the outside.

Siobhan: Great. 31.

Lou makes a dunking motion.

Brennan: Great.

Lou pulls both fists down in a ‘victory’ motion, making ‘bow’ noises.

Siobhan: I'm a ghost. And now I know these guys are gonna be low hit points,
which is nice, that's nice.

Lou: (in an Italian accent) That’s-a nice.

Brennan: This guy's going to go-

Emily: Those guards have, these guys have low hit points?

Siobhan: Yeah, it's like 15-

Zac: It's like 11.

Siobhan: Or 16 or something, or 11?

Emily: Interesting.

Brennan: He's gonna rush back over here, and he's- What's he gonna do? He's
gonna heal himself, that's what he's gonna do.

Emily: Who, wait, where did he go?

Brennan: This guy.

Murph: He ran back.

Lou: Little priesty, little priesty guy.

Siobhan: Little kale priest.

Ally: I think we gotta go into that military tent.

Zac: I’d like to know what’s in there.

Lou: This is 100% gone from “hey, we don't have to kill them all”, to “hey,
why not?”

Siobhan: Let's fucking kill them all.

Lou: Why not?

Siobhan: Pokemon, gotta kill ‘em all.

Murph: There could still be a fucking monster or something.

Lou: Yeah.

Zac: No, I mean, a whole army could come up.

Brennan: You see that Grissini, as he's running towards you, Amethar, puts two
fingers in his mouth and does a loud, that loud, piercing whistle.

(whistle echoes)

Emily: Bless. He was blessing his folk?

Ally: Maybe.

Zac: Or calling more people.

Siobhan: Or calling more people, yeah.

Lou: Yup. Jk, jk, jk.

Ally: Or whoever's in that fucking tent.

Siobhan: Yeah, who is in the tent? What's in the box?

Ally: What's in the box?

Brennan: That is going to be, Caramelinda's gonna roll again. Concentration.
Ooh boy, okay, now, finally, these guys go.

(slow ambient music)

Brennan: This guy's gonna go, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50-

Siobhan: Bye bitch.

Brennan: 55, 60, rush up here. This guy runs over here.

Lou: Throw the fire.

Zac: What is that?

Lou: It's got a little flame thing.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Oh.

Lou: Ruby?

Siobhan shakes her head.

(overlapping chattering)

Brennan: Can you go ahead and place that—

Zac: It's a signal fire?

[burning noises]

Lou: Yeah.

Zac: Does that tell them if—

Brennan: Yes, he rushes over to that. [about Lou placing the fire mini] Yeah,
you had it, I think you had it right the first time, yeah.

Lou: You sure it's not like this?

Siobhan: Yeah, what about [mimics throwing the fire away] this?

Lou: Yeah, what about, sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

Brennan: There you go, perfect.

Lou: This is what happens when you get me-

Ally: It's 3am, Lou, 3.

Brennan: You see, he runs over, lights- Takes a torch from the brazier, lights
that fire, and a huge (imitates whooshing) signal beacon is lit in the town.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: Signal beacon.

Ally: If-

Emily: So maybe it's pointless to even try to put it out 'cause someone's
already-

Siobhan: It's probably too late, yeah, we'll see, but yeah.

Brennan: Okay, these guys are gonna rush up. One, two, three.

(players laughing)

Siobhan: I'm tiny.

Zac: Hang on, wait, I have a-

Theobald: Cumulous, you alright back there?

Cumulous: I- Wait.

Brennan: One, that knight is dead, so we're gonna go 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30,
35, 40, 45, 50, 55, 60. These guys are gonna run over here for Manta Ray, and
turn around for him, as well. First of all, that knight's gonna take a swing
for you, Theo, it's a miss. That's a miss as well. We're gonna go ahead.

Murph: Oh god.

Brennan: These guys are all gonna take some swings at-

Zac: Are they- The archer dudes?

Brennan: The archer dudes, yeah.

Zac: Are they swinging at me or shooting at me?

Brennan: Shooting at you.

Zac: Okay, I'm gonna Deflect Arrows on the first one.

Brennan: Yes, first thing that's gonna happen, this guy's gonna take some
swings. Two misses, guys- NPCs, we can't be getting misses on these attacks.

Zac: Or can we? I feel like we can.

Murph: We had a funeral last episode, we need a win.

(Brennan laughs)

Lou: Big win.

Brennan: Okay, that is two hits.

Zac: With the arrows?

Brennan: With the arrows, yes, so the first one deals you 11, 17, 19 points of
damage.

Zac: 19 plus 13, okay, so 13. So I blocked it for 19.

Brennan: Which means you get to throw it back-

Zac: I can throw it back at his-

Brennan: At his face, that's correct, as a reaction?

Zac: So that would be, just roll an attack roll?

Brennan: Yeah, that's correct.

Zac: That's only a- And what would I add to it?

Brennan: AC 12, so you need to-

Zac: Yeah, I didn't hit it.

Brennan: Okay, no worries, you fling the arrow. The next one is gonna hit you
for 11, 14 plus 2 is 16 points of damage.

Zac: And I can't deflect it-

Brennan: Can't deflect that one, you've already used your reaction.

Zac: Okay, 16.

Brennan: 16, these guys are gonna 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10.

(dramatic orchestral music)

Brennan: This guy runs up to engage, he's gonna go 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35,
40. Run up here to engage. These guys are all gonna come up here to surround
Amethar and a couple of them are close enough to actually get in swings.

Ruby: He's not even the king anymore, you assholes. Stop trying to kill my
dad.

Brennan: So it's gonna be 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30.

Lou: I got a dumb idea.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: Oh, it's pure shenanigans.

(Siobhan laughs)

Lou: Oh, I have the purest of shenanigans. Oh, Brennan.

Brennan: These guys are going to rush up.

Lou: You ain't seen shenanigans like mine.

Brennan: I am so very excited. These guys are gonna go, yeah, 5, 10, 15, 20,
25, 30. These guys rush up here. Do I have any other little bread helpers?

Siobhan: This guy already went.

Brennan: He already went, so two of these guys are gonna get swings on Manta
Ray Jack. That's a hit. That's gonna be 6 on Manta Ray, he takes 6 points of
damage, and then we have one, two, three, four, taking swings on the king.
That's a hit, that’s a hit, hit plus-

Lou: Two misses?

Brennan: Only actually one miss.

Lou: Riposte.

Brennan: Ooh.

Emily: Oooh! Riposte.

Lou: Yeah, that'll hit.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: And does that add- No, he missed, yeah, just two. 9 plus 7, 16.

Brennan: One of the guy who misses you- You just- You literally get your leg
up and stomp his shield down and just pummel his brain in. Down, that's going
to be- However, the other three do hit and deal you 8, 10, 16 points of damage
halved to 8.

Lou: Total?

Brennan: Total.

(Brennan and Lou laugh)

Brennan: That's going to be-

Lou: Now I don't really want to do my shenanigans, now I just want to kill.

Brennan: They leap in, that's all my little bread guys. A lot of my knights
are dead, and then that's going to be Saccharina.

Emily: Okay, I'd like to jump out the window and run to this space right here.

Brennan: You actually have enough- Yeah, you have enough movement to even just
go out the back door.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: So I wanna come right here and then I'm gonna cast Lightning Bolt on
all these guys.

Siobhan: Oh, hell yes.

Brennan, pained, facepalms.

Murph: Yo.

Siobhan: I mean, whatever, it's fine.

Emily: I guess-

Siobhan: I could do that if I wanted to.

Emily: I guess I'll do- Why not, 'cause Gristini's [sic] in there. I guess
I'll do, well, we might need another- No, Thunder Step is third level. I guess
I'll do another fourth level. Can I borrow 3d6?

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Emily: You love it, you love this. This is fun for you.

Brennan: We've been doing it like "Game of Thrones" for so long, and adding a
primary spellcaster-

Emily: Okay, didn't roll that well, 10.

Siobhan: You did, you did.

(overlapping chattering)

Zac: Wait, so-

Murph: The Red Woman showed up.

(Zac laughs)

Brennan: I didn't realize that there's a perfect line, just organically.

Emily: There was one right here.

(overlapping chattering)

Emily: I was gonna go here, and then when that happened.

Ally: It goes past-

Murph: Yo.

Emily: So it's 30-

Brennan: How many, wait- How many feet, it's 60 feet?

Siobhan: 60 feet?

Murph: It's a 100 foot line.

Emily: You know what, I'm-

Brennan: Wait, is it really 100-

Murph: 100 foot.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: So it's everyone, it's everybody, it goes past them to the back.

Emily: You know what I'm actually gonna do? I'm gonna do Empower Spell.

Murph’s jaw drops and Brennan takes two steps back from the table in pure
defeat.

Emily: So I'm gonna reroll four of these, I guess, 'cause that's-

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: Psyched.

Siobhan: Yeah, that helped.

Emily: Okay, so it's actually 10, 20, 30, 39 damage.

Brennan is staring at her with his mouth slightly open. He blinks once,
slowly.

Emily: But they also get a Dexterity saving throw, but they take half as much.

Murph, looking over at Brennan and seeing him frozen and sad, laughs.

Emily: And lightning ignites flammable objects that aren't being worn or
carried. Does that mean that I can light that-

Siobhan: Those trees on fire?

Brennan: You can definitely light the Ceresian banner on fire.

Zac: Do bread people burn?

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: They definitely do.

Emily: I think I wanna, since I'm right behind Gristini- Gristini-

Brennan: Oh, Grissini, yeah.

Emily: Grissini, I think I'm gonna lean in over his shoulder and say,

Saccharina: Watch your banner burn, bitch.

Emily: As I ignite him as the very first on my lightning kebab.

Brennan: So 39 actually means that none of the infantry, it doesn't matter if
they save or not. So gone-

Siobhan: Bye, bitch.

Brennan: Gone.

Siobhan: Bye, bitch.

Brennan: Gone, gone, gone.

Siobhan: Bye, bitch.

Murph: Incredible.

Brennan: So four of them don't have a shot. It's a DC 16 save-

Zac: Just shooting him in the back, like, point blank?

Brennan: Okay, it's 39, so-

Emily: It's a ranged spell, but can I, it's touch, when I'm touching him, I'm
doing it through him.

Brennan: So it's halved to, if it's half, it's 19, right?

Emily: Oh, and I did lightning damage so he gets another 3 damage.

Siobhan: Because he's wearing metal?

Brennan: Great, good.

Emily: Yeah. No, because I have an aura.

Siobhan: Oh, right.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: He takes another 3, he fails, so a 39 plus 3 is 42.

(dramatic orchestral music)

Brennan: You watch as he rushes forward. (yells) He is like, right at the
originating- Your hand just, this smell of crackling electric vanilla fills
the night sky. I mean, even if that beacon hadn't done it, Saccharina's called
down two lightning strikes in 12 seconds, four of them die. This one is badly
injured. Yeah, you light them up, cool, any bonus actions?

Emily: Well, I have a question, so I know I can't use, I can't use two sorcery
points on one spell, but can I use two sorcery points in a turn?

Brennan: I think you can use two sorcery points in a turn, yeah.

Emily: Okay, then you know what, I'm gonna use a Quicken Spell to then-

Brennan: Or, you have Twin Spell now, right, or no?

Emily: No, I did quicken, yeah.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Emily: I'm gonna use Quicken Spell to I guess Booming Blade him.

Brennan: Okay, cool, awesome.

Emily: Yeah. That feels like, you know what? I'm just gonna sit on it, I'm not
gonna do it.

Brennan: Cool, cool, cool-

Emily: I feel like I tortured him enough.

Brennan: You (mimics the blasting of Saccharina’s attack), Yeah, you're- The
fact that Saccharina even has a look on her face that she's holding back some,
of like, “you know what? We're gonna slow our roll here, we're all good”,
cool. That's Saccharina, Cumulous, that's you.

Siobhan: Did I get, oh, no, I didn't. It's just such a long turn.

Brennan: Such a long turn, yeah.

Zac: Jesus, the game has changed.

Murph: You're in a hole, wait you’re not.

Zac: Listen, guys.

Lou: This feels like a perfect moment- Shoot out, kick, kick, kick, I believe.

Zac: I think- Like, it's one of those things where, flavor wise, I want to do
something that's cool but it wouldn't do that much damage.

Emily: Do you have like a grappling hook you just shoot up to the gallows?

Zac: I'd love to- (sighs) I'm not going to do this, but I'll tell you what I
wanted to do, I'd love to hang upside down from the noose with my feet and
spin and hit everybody. But that's only 1d6, so I don't think I would kill
anyone. It would knock them all off the platform, but I don't know if that
would do any damage. I think I'm going to- I'm just trying to see if I can see
any extra shit over here, it feels like you guys have it kind of handled over
here. I'm going to disengage and pop out and hit this guy in the doorway,
maybe.

Brennan: Cool, yeah.

Siobhan: The guy with a juicy butt?

Brennan: Cool, so you take, is that a bonus-

Lou: Juicy butt.

Siobhan: Juicy butt.

Lou: Juicy butt.

Brennan: You spend a Ki point.

Zac: I spend a Ki point to disengage.

Brennan: Cool, you leap over here.

Emily: Let me see the juicy butt. I can't...

Zac: And I'm going to just attack that guy.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: Ooh, does a 14 hit?

Brennan: 14 does not hit that guy.

Zac: Okay, I'll take my second attack. Does a 16 hit?

Brennan: 16 does not hit.

Zac: Okay, well.

Brennan: You do, oh, yeah, and you've used your bonus action to step there and
disengage, so you swing, clank off of his armor. You still have disengage
action if you want to use any extra movement.

Zac: Can I just jump onto the roof?

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: And maybe the other side of the roof.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. As you go over the roof, give me a Perception
check.

Zac: Fucking hell, 9.

Brennan: Cool, 9, you head over the roof.

Ally: Can I do a Perception check from where I'm at?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it, yeah.

Ally: Nat 1.

Brennan: Nat 1, all right. Cumulous, you take off over the roof. You're on the
other side of the building. Amethar, that is you.

Lou: Great, I shout out,

Amethar: Most of the townspeople are in. We maybe consider packing it up.

Theobald: Yeah, not a bad idea.

Lou: And I'm gonna do something incredibly dumb, I'm gonna take three
opportunity attacks from these people to move to engage with Cristini [sic] or
Constano.

Siobhan: You don't take one from this guy 'cause you're still inside his area.

Lou: Okay, great, I'll take-

Siobhan: The- Just from the wieners.

Lou: Just from the wieners, and I walk up to them,

Amethar: Hey, do you remember my daughter?

Grissini: What?

Amethar: Do you remember my daughter?

Grissini: The Princess Jet?

Brennan: He looks- He just got electrocuted.

Amethar: She's dead, but you just met my new daughter. Not new, old, but I
just found out about— [yells and attacks]

Brennan: Incredible-

Emily: I say,

Saccharina: That's a daddy daughter special.

Amethar: We're about to give them another daddy daughter special.

Brennan: Okay, hell yeah, first of all, let me register the three attacks on
you.

Lou: Just two.

Brennan: Oh, just two, okay.

Lou: Not the gladiator.

Zac: You stay at the fence, right?

Brennan: That's no hits.

Lou: Great, and then yeah, we'll swing on Constano.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Is that a crit?

Lou: No, that's not a crit, but 29.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Lou: Great.

(slow orchestral music)

Lou: Great, 7, 7 plus- 16.

Brennan: Awesome.

Lou: Great, second hit, 25.

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: 9 plus 9, 18, Action Surge.

Murph: Whoa.

(Emily laughs)

Lou: 20?

Brennan: 20 hits.

Lou: 14.

Brennan: 14 damage?

Lou: Excuse me, 5 plus 9, 14, yeah. 12.

Brennan: 12 does not hit.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: So Amethar, you see that this guy was looking-

Lou: Oh, I forgot to do so much. Being a Battlemaster is hard. I'm used to
just attacking.

Brennan: Oh, right, trip attack and everything else like that, yes, yes, yes,
for sure. You rush up, Saccharina, you just electrocuted him. You watch that
damage get doubled as Amethar strides up and (mimics attack) bang, bang, bang.

Lou: And bonus action, 3 points of damage from the aura.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: To both him and the gladiator.

Brennan: And the gladiator-

Ally: I wanna know what's in that tent.

Emily: I know, that's my-

Ally: That's fucking Ciabatta, or some shit.

Siobhan: It's so far away from me.

Brennan: That's going to be- Yeah, Grissini is not looking good. He's not
anywhere near death's door, he's still very much standing, but he's been- He's
gone from uninjured to badly injured very quickly. That is now going to be the
bishop, the [posh British accent] Archbishop Oliver Onionpatch, [normal] who
is going to make a Perception check with advantage. I'm going to need a
Dexterity saving throw from Liam.

Ally: Oh, but I was hidden, why would he get advantage?

Brennan: He is hitting an area of effect. He's not spotting where you are. He
knows that arrows are coming in through a window, and he's throwing up an area
of effect outside.

Ally: Okay, a Dex saving throw. I'm seeing if I-

Murph: You have plus 7.

Ally: Yeah, I was wondering if I have advantage on that with my Hunter's Mark.
Yeah, advantage on any Wisdom, Perception, or Survival check.

Brennan: This is a Dexterity saving throw.

Ally: Okay, cool. Cool, okay. (whistles) Yeah, a 25.

Brennan: Okay. 10, 20, 32, 37 halved to 18.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You take 18 points of fire damage, as he reaches out his hand and
says,

Onionpatch: Bulb, protect me!

Brennan: And just the entire top floor of that home bursts into flame. And
then he ducks away from the window, hides deeper in the house. That is Oliver.
Rest of the townsfolk rush into the sugar hut. Oh, also, Manta Ray on his turn
kills another one of these soldiers, and he goes,

Manta Ray: Two!

Lou: Did the fry guy go?

Brennan: Oh, he did not go, thank you.

Lou: If we're gonna fucking merc you, I'm gonna merc you fairly, dude, I'll
tell you right now.

Brennan: Fry guy is gonna go, 5, 10, 15, 20, 25-

Lou: Just fucking smashing over tables, get-

Brennan: 45, 50, he's gonna go-

Murph: Oh, shit.

Brennan: Yeah, he's gonna move all the way over there on his turn. Okay, that
is going to be- Yeah, that's what Bonathan does. You guys hear (imitates
booming).

(dramatic orchestral music)

Brennan: And creatures begin to appear.

Brennan sets down three minis; they are warped and twisted bread-adjacent
things, and all of them look chained.

Emily: I think we're going to have to make a retreat.

Lou: All the townspeople are in.

Brennan:  Making their appearance from the various corners here, as the
beacons are lit and a horrifying creature skitters out. [feral screeching]

Brennan sets down a giant, chained corn with one menacing red eye and big
grasping hands.

(group exclaims)

Ally: No way. A giant—

Murph: The ultimate cutie.

Siobhan: My nemesis.

Ally: The ultimate cutie!

Brennan: I don't know why you're calling that cute. That thing's fucking
enormous.

Siobhan: He's thick and cute.

Murph: Turbo cutie, turbo cutie.

Lou: Honesty, shout out to Rick Perry on this butt right now, I got a real-

Siobhan: Yeah, that’s a- That’s-

Lou: That's a real solid-

Emily leans over to see the butt and cheers appreciatively.

Siobhan: That's like that- Baby butt right there.

Lou: [right into the camera, making an OK sign] That's good work. That’s good
work.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: Okay, this thing's gonna take some slams at Amethar.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: That's going to be- Amethar, you take first 8 halved to 4, and then
21 halved to 10 bludgeoning damage. I'm going to need two Constitution saving
throws.

Lou: Great. Constitution saving throws. Damn, 9.

Murph: Yikes.

Lou: Nat 20.

Zac: Nat 20.

Brennan: Okay, the first one you took was 4. Your hit point maximum is reduced
by 4, as things thing hits you screaming. It rushes up, this thing's gonna
come for Saccharina. Saccharina, I'm gonna need a Constitution saving throw
from you.

Emily: Did it hit?

Brennan: It did.

Emily: Shield.

Brennan: It does not hit.

Ally: Great.

Murph: Yeah.

Emily grins in triumph, holding her hands out.

Brennan: Pew, this wall of icy, frosty ice cream magic goes up around you.

Emily: I let him know,

Saccharina: I thought about letting you hit me because I actually have kind of
a reaction that I could hurt you, but I took pity on you.

Golem: [feral shrieking]

Brennan: These are like horrifying bread golems, charging out of the mist
here. This one is going to go charging and begins to rip its way after the
townfolk, ripping the door apart, trying to get to the stones. This one is
going to come over here for Manta Ray.

Murph: Oh, no, Manta Ray, get out of there.

Lou: Dammit, Manta Ray.

Murph: He's surrounded.

Brennan: Well, the highest one there was a natural 8.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Which does not hit Manta Ray's AC.

Lou: There you go.

Brennan: You see that this thing goes, (imitates roaring) and Manta Ray goes.

Manta Ray: (shouts as he dodges) Time for Manta Ray to beat a hasty retreat!

Brennan: Top of the order, Theo.

Murph: Sweet.

Emily: Remember, you got my people with you.

Murph: Alright, the people, they got the weapons. I'm going to just bolt out
and try to get up to-

Brennan: You've got this knight, this Vegetanian knight blocking the doorway
right here.

Murph: Dammit.

Emily: You could set, but my people can clear the way for you.

Brennan: Oh, that's true, Gooey can take some swings.

Emily: Sweet.

Brennan: That's gonna be a hit. Gooey slices his head off.

Murph: Thank you, Gooey.

Zac: Pick up more, can-

Brennan: I forgot, this guy was only at 2 hit points after Saccharina-

Murph: Sweet, so I'll use my movement to get to- God, all right, so we got
this big ass dude, what can I do- Oh, here's an idea.

Lou: Hit him.

Murph: I'm going to cast- I'm going to- Fuck! Okay, what am I gonna do? I'm
gonna get, I'm gonna try to get up in the mix. You know what, I'll run up, I'm
gonna attack this dude, just to do some damage. Or, you know what? No that is-
Yes, okay, sorry for my indecision, I'm gonna run up to that guy.

Brennan: 25, okay.

Murph: Okay, I'm going to, before I decide what I do, I'm gonna cast Compelled
Duel on this guy.

Brennan: Okay, awesome, Compelled Duel is a Wisdom saving throw, I believe,
yes?

Murph: Yes.

Ally: And they don't seem very smart.

Brennan: This thing turns around as the magic from the battle pop surrounds it
and goes. (imitates growling)

Theobald: Yes, everything's working according to plan.

Murph: And Theo pees a little bit again. Then I am going to- Yeah, you know
what, I'll stand there. I'll just take some cracks at this guy in front of me,
and Princess will help me. Two nat ones in a row, so-

Brennan: One in 400 chance of happening, incredible.

Murph: Oh, boy, that's only a 14 to hit on the second attack-

Brennan: 14, 14 does not hit.

Murph: Fuck me, cool.

Brennan: Cling, clang, clang, as this lumbering golem turns to face you, and
where's, oh, there's Princess. Princess runs out behind you here.

Emily: Princess!

Brennan: And you see that Swifty grabs a bunch of the weapons and literally
has this huge stack of weapons and rushes into the sugar hut with them.

Murph: Swifty rules.

Swifty: Ha ha, I'm rich!

Theobald: Yes, the whole army, we're gonna distribute those.

Swifty: All for me, hundreds of weapons.

Theobald: Yes, the cause.

Brennan: You- That is going to, okay.

(slow orchestral music)

Brennan: Grissini is going to-

Murph: Let's all get out of here, folks.

Lou: Yeah, it's one of these-

Brennan: He hits twice.

Murph: What are you at?

Lou: 64.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: First attack, he hits Amethar for 5, 15, 17, 21 halved to 10. And
then he crits.

Emily: Is this Grissini?

Brennan: This is Grissini.

Murph: Is Amethar within 30 feet of me?

Lou: I don't think so.

Brennan: 5, 10, 15, 20, no.

Siobhan: Is he, how fucked up is Gristini [sic] looking from these two like,
50 hit point attacks that he’s had on him?

Brennan: He looks heroically injured.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: Great adjective.

Brennan: 8, 12-

Murph: One of these monster guys hit you? Oh, no, it's just Grissini.

Siobhan: Gristini, but he's like-

Zac: One of the monsters hit him for 9-

Brennan: 32, 36.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: 36 damage, halved to 18.

Lou: Look, I don't care.

Brennan: He (shouts). And then he is going to, as a bonus action, he is going
to grant an ally within 30 feet. He's gonna grant that golem an attack, that
golem crits against Saccharina.

Emily: Okay. My reaction is used, right, 'cause I used Shield, so I don't have
any reaction?

Brennan: He's still- He passes through the Shield on a critical hit.

Emily: No, no, no, but I'm saying, I'm not using a Shield.

Brennan: You actually still get the benefit from it-

Murph: For the rest of the round.

Brennan: For the rest of the round.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Brennan: I will need a Constitution saving throw.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: Alright.

Emily: That is going to be 20.

Brennan: 20 succeeds.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: You take 31 points of damage.

Ally: What are you at?

Emily: A lady never tells.

[cast laughs]

Emily: I'm at 18.

Murph: Oh my God.

Ally: Interesting.

Brennan: Yeah, Grissini is like a whirling dervish (mimics Grissini’s attack)
and he kicks the Winterscoop out from under you, just enough to lower your
head and let this golem just body you.

Ally: Fucker.

Brennan: That is-

Saccharina: Couldn't hit me yourself?

Brennan: You see, that's Grissini's turn, Liam, that's you.

Ally: Cool, I pop through this window right here. I ignore difficult terrain,
I walk into that house.

Murph: Oh my God, terrifying!

Ally: I look exactly like this onion person. In Bulbosi I say,

Liam: [holding his crossbow threateningly] Who is in the military tent?

Brennan: Go ahead and make an intimidation check with advantage, if you'd be
so kind.

Ally: Great.

Murph: Come on. Nat 20.

Ally: Nat 20.

(group cheers)

Ally: Nat 20.

Emily: How?

Siobhan: This guy is quitting the Church.

Brennan: He pisses himself. He's just peeing and crying-

Emily: Now you're war buddies, though, you've seen him piss himself.

Brennan: You see, he says,

Onionpatch: Master Wilhelmina—

Ally: No, I look like him.

Brennan: Oh, you look like him, he goes- He goes,

Onionpatch: Great Bulb above!

Liam: Who?

Onionpatch: [crying] Great Bulb above, I'm only trying to serve you. Your
loyal servant Sir Keradin Deeproot.

Liam: Good.

Zac: Keradin Deeproot's in there?

Onionpatch: He has gone farther afield, he is here. He is ranging after the
fugitives escaping from the village, he is on long patrol.

Liam: Okay, he's around, and who else is in that tent?

Onionpatch: No one, the tent is deserted. They've all come out for the
execution of Joren Jawbreaker, (crying) I swear it.

Ally: I ice him. I absolutely ice him.

Murph: So fucking-

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead-

Ally: Is it advantage, 'cause he's on the ground-

Brennan: Honestly, you hit a nat 20 on intimidate. He's pissing himself, roll
with advantage.

Ally: Nat 20!

(group cheers)

Ally: I crit!

Lou holds out a hand like “this may as well happen”. Zac flops backwards in
his chair, hands on his face.

Ally: I crit, baby, this is all the dice for the crit. Oh, baby, we got 10, we
got 20. We got 38—

Brennan is aggressively pressing his hands into his brow.

Murph: Oh my God, this is fucking ridiculous.

Ally: 41, plus 7, 48.

Zac: How do you do it?

Emily: Yeah, how?

Zac: How do you do it?

Emily: Yeah. How, how, I've had maybe one nat 20 this entire season.

(Ally laughs in giddy victory)

Brennan: Liam hears,

Onionpatch: [through sobs] Keradin Deeproot, Commander Constano Grissini, the
priest, we're here on behalf of the pontifex, I can tell you everything.
They're planning a secret meeting. All of the knowledge, the letters are being
kept in the Commander's tent, the pontifex and Plumebline Uvano, they're
planning a meeting for a new Concord.

Liam: Great.

Onionpatch: It's all in the tent, everything you need to know is in the tent!

Liam: Good. (shoots)

Ally: And he's gone. I grab that book- Is there, can I- Is there anything else
in this tent that we could use? Any other info, or?

Brennan: You walk into the tent. Your body changes.

(slow piano music)

Brennan: You have been a young gawky teen for a long time.

Ally: Yeah, that's true.

Brennan: Your body has always been kind of a human apology.

Ally: [laughs] That's definitely true, I just imagine my posture is like-
[hunches over].

Brennan: Something changes in you, and you move with a fluid grace, like a
wild predator at the apex of every food chain that truly neither fears nor
acknowledges death. You ice him, pick up the book. As you are picking up the
book to close it, the shadows of the room around you pick up the loose pages,
soiled with the urine and excrement of this murdered bishop, and the shadows
literally lift them, and as you are closing the book, insert them into the
book in an order most pleasing to you as you shut it and walk out into the
night.

Ally: Great, I-

Zac: Do you have another attack?

Ally: I do, I do. I walk out, I rip the flag down and take that, as well, so I
have the book wrapped in their flag, and then I attack that fry guy.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go ahead and knock that flag and that onion down, and then
Liam, you walk out right here. Go ahead and take your other attack. He does
not see you, so this is with advantage, as well.

Emily: The onion's kind of cute, his little hat.

Ally: 22.

Brennan: 22 hits. No sneak attack on this one, so this is just- And no
hunter's mark, as well. So this is just 1d10.

Ally: Oh, yeah, I can use a bonus action to make a new Hunter's-

Brennan: Oh, cool-

Ally: When they go to zero.

Brennan: So this is just 1d10 plus 1d6.

Ally: But I can make, I can use my bonus action to Hunter's Mark the fry guy.

Brennan: Cool, he's Hunter's Marked, that's where the d6 is coming from.

Ally: Oh, cool, so it's a-

Brennan: Right, so it's 1d10, plus 1d6.

Ally: 1d10, 1d6, I got you, I got you.

Brennan: Plus 7.

Zac: You do so much damage, it's insane.

Ally: It's insane.

Siobhan: It is wild.

Ally: Just these- recently, 1d10, 1d6?

Brennan: 1d10, 1d6, yeah.

Emily: But also you crit, multiple times, every episode.

Ally: Yeah, okay, great, that's 19.

Brennan: Incredible, as Bonathan is fighting, he feels a mint arrow in his
back. (yells) Screams as an arrow flies out of the fucking darkness-

Ally: And then can I use my remaining- I think I only have 5 or 10, to start
heading towards the house?

Brennan: You actually are at it 'cause you slipped out of the house this same
round, so you've used your movement-

Ally: Oh, of course, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: So that's where you're gonna end your movement.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Insane, truly insane. So you know about what's in the Commander's
tent and you have all that-

Ally: Yes, can I twin- Or can I still Message-

Brennan: Yeah, I'll leave you a free Message here, yeah.

Ally: I let her know that all that really helpful info is in the tent at the
other end of the city.

Siobhan: At the other end? Fuck. Okay.

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Ruby, that's your turn.

Siobhan: I tell Liam's mom to get to the sugar hut as quickly as she can. And
fuck it, I'm just gonna use my full movement, plus my bonus dash to get as
close to the- This other tent as I can. So that's 105 feet of movement.

Brennan: Jesus. Okay. Give me an Acrobatics check to ignore difficult terrain.

Siobhan: Oh, and then I also have Jump, so-

Ally: Yeah, oh, yeah-

Brennan: Oh, you have Jump. Yeah, got you, cool, cool, cool.

Siobhan: So difficult terrain, I don't feel like is-

Brennan: Yeah, is nothing. Okay, so you're crashing through the window, that's
80 feet, you said 105?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: 80.

Siobhan: And then towards the tent.

Brennan: Towards the tent? Okay if- These guys will get reaction-

Siobhan: Well, but I can get to here, and then that way, is what I mean.

Brennan: Okay, got you. Go ahead and pass Ruby to me. So that's gonna be 80,
85, 90, 95, 100, 105 right here?

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and pass Yak to me. Yak is following behind you, and
go ahead and pass Spearia to me, Spearia is gonna rush into the sugar hut.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Hey, hell yeah.

Brennan: She rushes, she rushes past, you're within-

Siobhan: Can she take Invisibility—

Brennan: Are you still within the light over there? Are you within 20 feet of
that brazier over there, Liam?

Ally: I think so, yeah.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: She runs, and you see, she looks over and sees you at the edge of the
light. You see your mother—

Siobhan: She's invisible.

Brennan: Oh, she's invisible, so you don't see anything.

Ally: Damn.

Brennan: Damn.

Siobhan: Sorry.

Ally: Too bad.

Emily: It's not the right moment, anyways.

Brennan: She rushes, that is Ruby. This dude right here- I'm gonna need a
Wisdom saving throw from Theo.

Murph: Fuck. Fuckin' fuck me, 3.

Brennan: You feel yourself constricted by bonds of magic, as this priest says,

Priest: By the power of the bulb, I abjure you, wicked, licentious, naughty
gummy bear.

Theobald: Fuck the Bulb.

Emily: On your next turn, send Gooey after him to maybe break his
concentration.

Murph: That'll be good, yeah.

Brennan: Caramelinda shouts out and says,

Caramelinda: I can't- I can’t hold on anymore, I can't hold on anymore.

Brennan: Shouts out from within the sugar hut.

Saccharina: Retreat.

Brennan: She basically says, on her next turn, the spell's gonna go off.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: Okay.

Siobhan: So we have to get back to her by her next turn?

Brennan: Yeah, something to that effect.

Siobhan: Fuck! Goddammit.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: That's Caramelinda.

Ally: Damn, I wish I had spells.

Zac: Do you still have Thunder Step?

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Well-

Brennan: That's going to be-

Zac: You wouldn't have to get hit, right?

Emily: But I think everyone can get back, can't they? 'Cause if not, everyone
has a turn.

Zac: Although- Yeah, just worried about all these attacks and opportunities
around this world.

Emily: Oh, to get myself out?

Zac: Yeah, to-

Emily: I'll be able to get myself out. I thought you meant like, if someone
else needed it.

Zac: And the king, or?

Emily: Will you be able to get away, right?

Lou: I can get most of the way with a disengage.

Emily: Yeah, that's what I figured you could do, disengage.

Brennan: Ruby, you take 5 points of damage-

Siobhan: I Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: Uncanny Dodge, okay, 5 points of damage, you take 2 points of damage.

Siobhan: Great, where's my pencil?

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Dexterity saving throw.

Siobhan: Okay, I have, I-

Brennan: Oh, sorry, no, I actually don't need that right now, you're okay.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: And for these archers, two hits, one archer deals you 11, 13, 15
points of damage. The next one deals you 17, 19 points of damage.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: What is Ruby at?

Siobhan: 25.

Brennan: This guy's going to- These guys are all gonna charge Amethar. Yeah…
over here… This guy's already dead. Okay, that's gonna be- All three are gonna
hit and that's gonna miss. That's actually a miss.

Lou: Who missed?

Brennan: This guy misses right here.

Lou: Riposte.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: 25.

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: He hasn't hit me yet, right?

Brennan: Correct.

Lou: 9 plus 9 equals 18.

Brennan: You behead him, as he misses you. (mimics Amethar’s attack) And he
falls dead, the Ceresian captain. The rest hit you for 10 plus 16, halved to
8. What's Amethar at?

Lou: 28.

Brennan: [roaring] That is- Those Ceresians- These guys are gonna turn here
and surround Theo.

Murph: Am I restrained, what's my deal?

Brennan: You are not restrained.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You see they're gonna take some attacks on you, but you do have a
minus to your armor class. That is a critical hit. You take 10 plus 2, you
take 12 points of damage, as one crits on you. And if you would go ahead and
move that Ceresian over to Liam, he's gonna charge you. Take an attack, hit,
and deal Liam 6 points of damage. And then, that's these guys. And Bonathan is
going to attack Saccharina, it's a miss. That was almost a nat 20, but instead
was a 2. That is going to- That's their turn. That's now going to be
Saccharina, again.

Emily: Okay. Are you good, Amethar?

Lou: I'm about 90% sure I'm good, 80, 60% sure I'm good.

Ally: Woah.

Emily: I don't like those odds.

Lou: I mean, my- I disengage and run past the golem is the dream.

Emily: Oh, but you still have to run past the golem?

Siobhan: But if you're- It's the disengage.

Murph: He’s Compelled Duel.

Siobhan: It’s a disengage-

Murph: He doesn’t need to get through the door-

Emily: I use my bonus action to do my Tempestuous Magic to fly 10 feet over,
and then I Thunder Step into here with Amethar, yeah.

Brennan: Amethar, okay.

Emily: So everyone takes- It’s only third level. So it's gonna be 3d10, but I
have to roll it.

Brennan: Okay, wild.

Emily: And when I get in there, I'm gonna say to Swifty,

Saccharina: Swifty, show me how fast you are, go get Ruby.

Swifty: Okay, but she's maybe not gonna like it, and that does it for me.

Saccharina: You know what, you know what I've learned? Maybe you have a
grating personality, but you still have a lot to offer.

Swifty: Ha ha ha! I'm deep down bad, and I recognize that.

(Emily laughs)

Emily: Okay, and then I guess I'll just stick with that. So they all take,
let's see, they all take 17 damage. And me and Amethar go inside here-

Brennan: Vanish.

Emily: Well, they actually take 20 damage, unless they save, then they take 13
damage.

Brennan: Gotcha, okay. Hold on one second, I'll roll for these guys first.
This guy is down, and the others take how much? How much do they take if they
save?

Emily: Oh, they save, they take, so it's 17 divided by, well, it's
technically- ‘Cause I add 3 for my, like, storm aura kind of thing.

Brennan: 17 halved is 8, plus three is 11?

Emily: Plus 3 is 11, yeah.

Brennan: Oh, they're all dead.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Gone, Grissini's gonna roll a save, makes it, and how much is that
you did? You did, 17, or, yeah, 11- 11 if they made it.

Emily: 11 if he saves.

Brennan: One, oh. One. Incredible, you and Amethar vanish back in. That's
Saccharina, Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: I'm still on the roof, right? Seeing that I’m actually on the roof-

Brennan: Yeah, just on the roof, yeah.

Zac: This is the last turn we'll have before we go inside.

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: Okay, all right.

Siobhan: No, I think we have to get inside this turn.

Zac: Yeah.

Lou: Yeah, if we're after Caramelinda.

Zac: I want to-

Siobhan: Oh, if we go after Caramelinda?

Lou: Well. Unless you-

Emily: You still have another round.

Lou: No.

Emily: No, I was saying Ruby does.

Lou: Oh, yeah, I think you might, yes.

Emily: 'Cause I think Caramelinda's turn was right after yours, wasn't it?

Zac: I think-

Siobhan: I'll ask.

Zac: I just want to- If I jump to here and hit here, will I have enough
movement to get back inside?

Brennan: If you do a bonus action, yes, I believe you will, 'cause your speed
is 45.

Zac: Just try and dodge that.

Brennan: Yeah, you definitely will.

Zac: All right, I'm gonna jump down on this mage dude and hit him.

Brennan: Go and give me an attack.

Zac: Okay. Nat 20.

(group cheers)

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.

Zac: He's already been hurt, too, right?

Brennan: He's already been hurt, yeah, for sure.

Zac: So that's 2d8?

Brennan: 2d8, plus whatever you add, yeah.

Zac: 12? 6, 7, plus 12.

Brennan: I think it's just plus 6, you don't double your other damage.

Zac: Okay, yeah, okay, so 12 plus seven, 19.

Brennan: 18, you (mimics Cumulous’ attack), crack, and split his skull open,
he's dead.

Zac: And then,

Ally: Yes!

Zac: I just take my full movement to run inside, 'cause I think that's all I
can do, right?

Brennan: Yes, and actually, you've got this guy blocking the door here.

Emily: Oh, go after him.

(dramatic orchestral music)

Zac: But I'm in, that's a- I have one more attack, right?

Brennan: You have one- You have one more attack, yes. You could try and take a
shove action to try to move him out of the way of the door.

Zac: Yeah, I guess I have to, I don't think I can really do much else.

Murph: Hopefully he'll come after me and I can like grab you in my turn or
something else?

Ally: Oh, he's in a duel.

Emily: Oh right he's in a Compelled Duel.

Ally: Compelled Duel.

Brennan: He's in a Compelled Duel, that's true. So maybe you can count him
moving on his turn.

Lou: But you won't have another-

Zac: Can I-

Siobhan: Hold your movement?

Emily: Gooey's with you. She's with you.

Zac: Can I-

Brennan: You could also make an Acrobatics check to just try to move past him.

Zac: Yeah, just because I don't know how long- Can I hold to, to run in once
he starts moving out of the way, even after I shove, try to shove him? Or is
that one or the other?

Brennan:  You can- I think in this instance, I will allow you to hold a
movement reaction when he moves to dart in.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Great, and I gained 11 temp hit points for killing that dude.

Brennan: Cool, crack, you hold your movement action.

Ally: Crazy.

Brennan: Amethar, that's you.

Lou: Ruby or Liam or Theobald, is anyone worried about making it back?

Ally: No.

Theobald: I'm fine.

Lou: Okay.

Emily: I did send Swifty to help, but you could go after that guy in the front
door.

Lou: That's my plan.

Zac: But you can get back-

Ally: Or you could-

Murph: He's gonna come after me, he's compelled-

Ally: You could give a help action to Caramelinda.

Lou: I learned something from my daughter once upon a time. Can I attack the
golem at the front door?

Emily: [grinning] I know what you're gonna do.

Brennan:  Yes, you can.

Lou: And can I make it a Reckless Attack?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: Great. Oh, 19 hit?

Brennan: 19 hits.

Lou: And I'll expend a superiority- Superiority- Superiority die to use a
Maneuvering Attack and yell to Ruby,

Amethar: Ruby, let's go.

(Emily laughs)

Murph: Oh, nice.

Lou: And that, so yeah, Ruby will be able to move up to half her movement.

Brennan: Up to how much?

Lou: I think it's half her movement without opportunity attacks.

Emily: Without opportunity attacks.

Siobhan: Oh, right now?

Brennan: Right now.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You get that movement right now-

Ally: Which way do you go?

Brennan: Half your movement, that's like 20-

Emily: Oh, 'cause you have Jump right now-

Siobhan: No, my movement is 35, so yeah, 20?

Brennan: Okay, 20, yeah, great.

Siobhan: Or 18?

Brennan: Yeah, we'll round up. Cool, you get an immediate, you can make it
into the tent this round.

Murph: What? Oh my god.

Siobhan: Great, is it, what's the distance back, is that-

Brennan: Hold on.

Saccharina: No, don't go into that tent!

Ruby: Don't tell me what to do.

(Ally laughs)

Murph: Jesus!

(intense music)

Brennan: The map of Calorum, and all of the troop movements of the Imperial
Concord and Ceresian military.

Murph: Wow.

Ally: Yes!

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: Is it one superiority die per attack, or-

Brennan: Per attack, yeah, so you get- Add that d8-

Lou: So I- Okay. 6, 9, plus 2, 8 plus 11, plus 9, 20-

Brennan: 20 damage to that Golem?

Lou: And then I'll Reckless Attack it again.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: Great, a 23.

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: Can I use- Expend another Superiority die on this attack?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: Second Maneuvering Attack from Ruby, can Ruby hear me?

Murph: Wow!

Brennan: Yes, she can.

Lou: Great.

Amethar: Ruby, let's go!

Ruby: I'm coming!

Lou: Great, so half your movement again, that's, yeah.

Murph: Wow.

Lou: 7 plus 7, 14, plus 9, 23.

Brennan: Incredible, Ruby, you snatch everything up off the table and can move
20 feet in any direction you want.

Siobhan: So I wanna be moving this way, but I wanna use my Jump, my crazy Jump
to Jump so I don't get any opportunity attacks from any of these fuckers who-

Zac: They don't have opportunity attacks-

Ally: They don't get them anyway because of the superiority die.

Siobhan: No, no, no, but-

Brennan: On your next turn.

Siobhan: When my next turn starts to go, so I want to prepare to Jump,
basically-

Brennan: You can go 5, 10, 15. You prepare to jump right here, so they won’t
get opportunity attacks.

Siobhan: Yeah. Exactly.

Ally: And you grab the map and everything?

Siobhan: Yeah, I got everything in there.

Brennan: Yeah, you, what an incredible use of Maneuvering Attack. I can't
fucking believe it-

Ruby: Thanks, Dad.

Amethar: Hey, I learned it from your sister.

Siobhan: I have not attacked a single person.

Brennan: Yeah, you scoop all that intel up, leaving all of the supplies and
all the glittering treasure and instead grabbing the intel.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You begin to rush back, that is Amethar's turn. What a fucking turn.

(Ally cheers)

Brennan: Oliver Onionpatch is goddamned murdered. This is a battle with one
scene from the fucking "Godfather" happening over here.

Ally: Me, looking exactly like him. [calmly holds his crossbow]

Brennan: Exactly, insane.

Ally: He gave me all the info.

Brennan: Yeah, exactly, the townsfolk huddle up. The runes begin to glow.

Ally: Fuck!

Brennan: This golem steps in- Oh, I forgot. On Amethar's turn, Manta Ray takes
a bonus action and slips, slides in and skids under your legs.

Amethar: How many did you get--

Manta Ray: Oh, I got two, but a big lumbering bread thing came after-

Amethar: Hey, I feel the same way, I also got two, but then- I mean, all these
guys showed up.

Manta Ray: All these guys showed up.

Zac: Can I run inside now?

Brennan: Yes, you can, whoosh, Cumulous, you rush inside. The only people left
outside are Ruby, Theo, and Liam, I believe, right?

Emily: And I also sent-

Lou: Swifty to get-

Zac: Does anyone get an attack of opportunity on me?

Emily: Swifty to help Ruby- Although Swifty can just help whoever is having
trouble getting in.

Zac: Did anyone get an attack of opportunity on me when I ran by?

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: No, no one did, you had enough movement to make that happen.

Zac: Okay, I was just wondering if (laughs) shenanigans-wise there was
something-

Brennan: These golems begin to tear the sugar hut apart. I'm going to make it
raw Athletics checks to just- These guys are very strong. To destroy a
building is still incredibly hard. I'm going to roll 3d20 in the Box of Doom.
If they get a nat 20, they could potentially crack one of the stones.

Murph: Okay.

(ominous orchestral music)

Brennan: 5, 10, and a 7.

Ally: Yes! Yeah!

Emily: Yeah, nice and mediocre.

Ally: Yes.

(Lou cheers)

Ally: Yes!

Siobhan: Brennan, thank you for rolling so kind of milquetoast today, I
appreciate it-

Brennan: I should have been more intense about the surprise round.

(Siobhan laughs)

Brennan: But you feel- You see like one of them has these weird like pasta
spaghetti arms that like wrap around one of the stones and try to like break
it. The golems start bashing the walls, tearing them apart, towns folk are
screaming. An invisible Spearia is holding Joren Jawbreaker as Saccharina
looks out, Amethar is holding the fucking doorway and shouting to Ruby. This
golem lumbers towards Theo and is going to take-

Zac: And you don't have that spell on you anymore, right? 'Cause wasn't it
concentration, or was it?

Murph: 'Cause that priest that-

Zac: I killed that-

Murph: That guy’s killed-

Brennan: Yeah, that spell is gone.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: But this guy is gonna take his attacks on you and that's a critical
hit.

Murph: Okay. Bummer, maybe.

Brennan: You take 15-

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Points of damage, and then 30 points of damage.

Murph: Yikes, okay.

Brennan: What are you at?

Murph: 51.

Siobhan: Do you not have a Shield reaction?

Lou: 51?

Murph: I do have Shield, but I just want to use it in case you get owned by
our Church or something.

Lou: Wait, did you say 51?

Murph: Yeah, I'm a tank, dude.

Lou: Oh, come on, dude. I was all tense—

Brennan: I'm gonna need two Constitution saving throws.

Murph: Oh, no.

Zac: It's just hit point max.

Murph: Ooh, that's really good, that's 25.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: And yikes, a 10.

Brennan: That second attack, the one that dealt, I believe it was 30, your hit
point maximum is reduced by that amount.

Murph: Jesus, by 30?

Brennan: By 30.

Murph: Yikes, okay. So my max is 68.

Brennan: You feel some kind of rot creep into you.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Theo, that is your turn.

Murph: Okay, I'm gonna hold my turn until Liam and Ruby get in.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Is the chocolate dude-

Emily: What about Gooey?

Brennan: Oh, yes, on your turn, Gooey is gonna go 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35,
40, 45. She's gonna just take the hits, take the swings. She has another
handful of weapons. She gets hit, 8 damage from one of the soldiers and the
golem-

Saccharina: Gooey, distribute the weapons to the peasants.

Brennan: You see, she says,

Gooey: Look alive. (metal clanking)

Brennan: And just tosses glittering candy weapons through the room. A little
kid grabs a magic ax, and you see the kid's eyes go deep, dark purple, and he
goes,

Demonic Kid: [whispering, deep voice] I am the voice of the ancient ax.

Amethar: Put that down, put that down.

Demonic Kid: [chopping] I am the voice of the ancient ax.

Cumulous: Cut some of those noodles off.

Brennan: Theo's holding his action.

Emily: Oh, wouldn't this also be Swifty's turn?

Brennan: Yes, Swifty is rushing out-

Emily: Like who needs- I just want him to help whoever needs the most help
getting in there.

Brennan: He rushes out to give Ruby a help action 'cause that's the last
person you said, and then he darts back in. Liam, walking in, you see Keradin
flanked, as you hear the noise of approaching troops.

Ruby: Liam, don't do it.

Brennan: Keradin appears, looks, and sees you at the edge of the light and
goes,

Keradin: Heretic.

Ally: And I say back in Bulbian,

Liam: Absolute faker.

Siobhan: You're still the onion guy.

Ally: Oh, yeah, he doesn't know it's me, I'm the onion guy.

Brennan: Rushes in, Grissini runs here, and is going to take his attacks at
Amethar. That's a natural 20.

Zac: Can you-

Murph: Jesus. Oh, yeah, I can, I do have a reaction, okay. I'll take, you're
pretty hurt, right?

Lou: 28.

Murph: 28, okay, I'll take the hit for my king. My king, I don't want it.

Brennan: 10, 16, 18.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: 26.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: 33 plus 5 is 38 points of damage.

Murph: Jesus, I am super hurt.

Zac: Do you move inside now?

Lou: Is he inside?

Brennan: Yeah, you've rushed inside, you've used Swirlwarden to rush inside,
and the- So you're in, and then these two guys are gonna get attacks of
opportunity on you as you do that, they both miss. You rush past Grissini
(mimics Grissini’s attack) as he makes his attacks. He's going to grant
someone he can see an attack, he's gonna grant one of the archers an attack on
Ruby. That's a nat 20.

Emily: Wait, what was Swifty's point, I spent Swifty to go pick her up.

Siobhan: Uncanny Dodge. So I'll take half damage.

Brennan: 7 plus 2 is 9, halved to 4.

Lou: My heart.

Brennan: What is Ruby at?

Ally: A crit, wow.

Zac lowers his face to the table. Lou gives him a hug and rubs his chin on his
back.

Siobhan: 21.

Brennan: 21, okay. That is going to be Liam's turn.

Theobald: Don't do it, Liam.

Ruby: Don't do it, Liam.

Ally: I still look like the onion, right?

Theobald: We have to go.

Zac: You'll be left alone.

Ally: I just am, did I ask something else? I asked if I look like the onion.
Do I look like the onion?

Brennan: I think after, I think it faded as you closed the book and iced
Oliver Onionpatch.

Ally: All right, I'm running towards the door-

(intense piano music)

Ally: -and I'm trying to jump around this big golem guy.

Brennan: Give me a DC, it needs to be a DC15 acrobatics check.

Ally: Okay, interesting-

Emily: Do you think that any of the armed peasants have taken a shot at the
golem?

Ally: For advantage, dude, that kid with the scary knife?

Brennan: Yeah, you get- scary, scary axe kid gives you advantage.

Lou: Thank you.

Ally: Yes. Okay.

Lou: This is a scary roll.

Murph: Jesus.

Ally: Didn't make it.

Brennan: Okay, you use your movement-

Emily: It was a child, anyways.

Brennan: You use your movement to close. Go ahead and count your movement off
as you move your mini.

Ally: Okay, okay, let's see. 5, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30.

Zac: How much movement do you have, 30?

Ally: 30.

Brennan: 30, you get 30. You- So that's your movement, you try to muscle past
and can't. You still have an action and a bonus action. So you get 30 as your
movement. I'm gonna say that you use probably a bonus action dash to try to
move past, are not able to move past. You can use your action to try to get
past, as well.

Ally: Okay, I guess I'm just gonna attack him.

Zac: Is that what you mean?

Brennan: Or you can use another Acrobatics- You can attempt another Acrobatics
check.

Ally: Oh, I got you, yeah, yeah, I would rather do that.

Lou sighs in relief.

Ally: So just a-

Brennan: Two, do you roll- You roll advantage.

Ally: Advantage again, okay. I look over to the carrot and I hold up the book
that's theirs, and I go,

Liam: [mockingly] Ha.

(group cheers)

Ally: Oh, at the very last minute, it moved from like a 7 to a 17, a 1 to a
17.

Brennan: You squeak in at the last fucking second Liam, so it's gonna get a
shot at you, hits. Give me a Constitution saving throw. This guy deals 17
points of damage to Liam.

Ally: Oh, there's the one.

Brennan: Your hit point max is reduced by that amount. This golem, as you rush
past it, (mimics golem’s attack) slams you into the stone, you collapse-

Ally: For how much?

Brennan: 17 points of damage.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: And you feel an invisible hand on your face and a voice say,

Spearia: [sighs] Oh, no, they took my sweet baby and made him a war guy.

Brennan: You are in the sugar hut, Ruby, Ruby, Ruby.

Siobhan: 'Tis I.

Brennan: Last one outside the hut.

Siobhan: The Unkilling. (laughs) How far away am I?

Brennan: You are 40 feet.

Siobhan: Dang.

Brennan: Or like 35 feet from the doorway.

Emily: Jump on the golem's head.

Siobhan: Yeah, my Jump is three times my regular Jump length right now, so
what is that?

Brennan: It means that you can get airborne, but your movement stays the same.
The amount of distance you cover is determined by your speed, not your Jump.

Siobhan: All right, well, that's great. (laughs)

Ally: You got a help action from the gingerbread-

Siobhan: I do have a help action.

Zac: Save it for the entry, right?

Ally: Yeah, yeah. The grappling-

Siobhan: Oh, so what I-

Brennan: You also do have cunning action, that bonus action disengage.

Siobhan: I know, I just want to fucking kill Gristini on my way in, is what
I'm trying to think if I- I haven't attacked a single fucking person this
whole attack.

Ally: Yeah, but you got the most important amount and you saved my mom.

Murph: Yeah.

Zac: Wouldn't you want to live?

Siobhan: Yes, you're right, I do want to live. That's fine, I live, I'll do
the sensible fucking thing.

Ally: I passed up Keradin Deeproot, do you understand?

Siobhan: No, I hear you, I do my full movement with my bonus action disengage.
I get into the fucking hut, and we all live.

Brennan: These guys are still blocking the door here, so I am gonna need that
Acrobatics.

Siobhan: Okay. Yeah, a 23.

Brennan: Ruby leaps into the sugar hut.

(dramatic orchestral music)

(Ally whistles)

Brennan: The entire village is packed in here.

Zac: Sorry, I'm gonna put-

Brennan: Yak in there?

Siobhan: Thank you. My bird!

Brennan: Grissini begins to call for the golems to charge, as Keradin turns
the corner. You, Liam, stand there holding the book. You've got the map,
Amethar and Saccharina are standing here. Caramelinda, the ice melts around
her, the runes flow, and you see your father's eyes open up as your mother
fades from invisibility, and he goes,

Jawbreaker: Look at you. Something... something good. I'm proud of you,
Preston.

Emily: I was so hoping that was gonna happen. (laughs)

Liam: That's my pig’s name.

Brennan: That's all for this week on A Crown of Candy, tune in next week for
another exciting episode.

Ally: Yes.

(group cheers)

Ally: Damn.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 13: Family
Ties](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ5ZWmlSuzjkLFMqyKWw9CwXmz3vmNvnAmA0vNF2emP8Ecx0yYWJ2O6MC6eketPacIZsO-
iH8hCOQTM/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647646851879&usg=AOvVaw1BRxEHIxNfMeewl3Z_sQSo)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

Sugar-Plum Fairy: This temple was made by those very much like yourself in
ages long past.

Ruby: The people who killed Preston and the people who killed Jet get to just
carry on with their great fucking lives, and we just have to live with it.

Amethar: I'm gonna say it, I'm a bad dad. Not a good—

Ruby: No.

Amethar: No, no.

Spearia: You're half sisters and you just met in the past week. I'm an empath.

Saccharina: I think it's a little more complicated than that.

Spearia: Yeah, it's hard, that's hard.

Ruby: Did you kill my sister?

* * *

Transcribed by Kyber Bonsai and Tillie the Paladin

Edited by Tillie the Paladin, Kyber Bonsai, and solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjowliJD8qx9Ofr4GFmcOU9nN806UzDPx5K44aactJQRp-
QfdVCbjDZgHcuWgIGX0ME9DmhEoAS_Cw5QuQ2M:0)

Episode 13: Family Ties

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks; and Emily Axford as Queen Saccharina Frostwhip

Episode 13: Family Ties

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRDYz3L3ST3hfqmxeS_9lOVbV7xWxtNY-4fvFwjIr3jkcMo1z2viRXSrghGP7MpIjMnroZhsiVmQ64U/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647650248409&usg=AOvVaw0TiCAChYjnCAkv37BNrlhg)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQNlNALUOtMqFD_HZ-V4VOrcwieJ1sBb92qShapbZAwo-
AiAoCObX6enOkp3tVQcZaLjGwUeigCyV-g/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647650249048&usg=AOvVaw2AUeO03olwbFKl4Ee7VWVs)]
>

(dramatic music)

Brennan: Welcome, one and all to another exciting episode of A Crown of Candy.
I'm your humble Dungeon Master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me, as always, are
our Intrepid Heroes. Say hi, Intrepid Heroes.

Ally: Hi, Little Dot.

All: Hi, Intrepid Heroes.

Zac points at Ally with an exaggerated angry face.

Siobhan: We're feeling silly today.

Brennan: You can't drop an inside joke from before the cameras were rolling!

Emily: Zac is Little Dot now—

(Heroes speaking over each other)

Murph: Zac had a little something in his tea.

Emily: Don't explain it.

Brennan: The most Ally move of all time to be like, you know what's gonna make
you feel included? Here's something you-

Ally: Me saying Little Dot.

Siobhan: We're bullying Zac and it's fun, get on board.

Brennan: Get on board. Guys, last we left our Intrepid Heroes off, they were
in transit.

(Heroes giggling)

Zac: Yeah, whatever. They were in transit.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily is laughing so hard she’s nearly crying.

Murph: Emily's having a meltdown.

Brennan: Oh, doctor. All right. This is episode 13?

Ally: 39.

Brennan: Episode 13.

(dramatic music)

Brennan: Our heroes arrive, (whooshing) in a flash of light app— (wheezing in
laughter) --earing. We gotta rein it in. Back at the Order of the Spinning
Star in the teleportation chamber. The chamber is filled with-

(Heroes giggling)

Zac: I'm sorry.

Brennan: I mean, it's-

Siobhan: I'm really crying.

Brennan: It's incredible.

Emily: [wiping tears] I'm sorry. It's just really funny and-

Brennan: We are professionals.

Emily: I was embarrassed.

Brennan: You arrive back at the Order of the Spinning Star. As you arrive,
townsfolk are shocked and flee, and begin to thank you guys. Some of them are
weeping, crying. Spearia Mentha is here with… Joren Jawbreaker's on the floor
next to Liam lying down.

In the background, Murph passes a tissue to Emily who has to wipe her face
clear of tears.

Brennan: Still with the fresh marks of the gallows noose around his neck. The
rest of you are here, having just dived in at the last possible moment before
Caramelinda returned you all to the monastery. As the people spill out, monks
of the Spinning Star begin to shepherd people to the infirmary and places
where wounds can be tended to, people that were maybe attacked or jostled or
hurt by the Ceresian soldiers. And you guys are carrying… Well, Swifty and
Gooey are carrying a load of magical weaponry. You have a book filled with
letters from the Archbishop Oliver Onionpatch filled with alchemical notes
from the Primogen Alfredi, as well as personal correspondences of the
Archbishop. Ruby, you are carrying troop movements, supply lines, maps of the
Ceresian forces, and a tremendous amount of correspondences to Keradin
Deeproot concerning inter-army chatter between the forces of the Church here
and the Ceresian military. And of course you have rescued both Joren
Jawbreaker and his wife, Spearia Mentha. What do you guys do?

(Siobhan sighs)

Zac: Is Snickersnack around?

Brennan: Yeah.

Cumulous: Snickersnack.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Snickersnack: There are more people here than there have been in some time.

Cumulous: Yes.

Snickersnack: I don't know if we have enough towels.

Cumulous: We will find towels.

Cumulous and Snickersnack engage in another strong, brotherly hand clasp.

Snickersnack: We will find towels.

Brennan: He looks at someone and you see that another monk bows, centers
himself, and leaps into the sky. (whooshes)

Cumulous: Fly on.

[Brennan wheezes in laughter]

Murph: I just whisper to somebody,

Theobald: I bet you he's off to find something really cool.

Zac: Is there- I just wanna make sure that the… Do we know… Do we feel like
that they will be able to operate these runes in any way? I wanna secure how
safe this-

Brennan: Give me either Arcana or Religion.

Zac: Again? I am zero for zero. Wait, Religion I'm 4. I'll do Religion.

Murph: Yeah.

Zac: 12.

Brennan: You believe that it is possible. They would need somebody who was a
member of the Sweetening Path there. It's possible. What they would need would
be a druid of the Sweetening Path, or a witch of the Sweetening Path to know
how to operate that rune circle to potentially get here. That would probably
be a, I don't know, a fifth or sixth level spell. So they would need someone-
It couldn't even be just a random passerby-

Zac: Is Spearia around?

Brennan: Spearia's here with you.

Zac: Spearia's here.

Brennan: And also, they would- Even with the ability to teleport somewhere,
they would need to know where you were going.

Zac: Okay, so we feel-

Murph: Yeah, there's really-

Zac: Relatively secure.

Murph: Is there any way to close the teleportation circle, or?

Zac: Can I make a check on that?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Religion check.

Siobhan: Can I do a check? I have good Arcana.

Brennan: Yeah, you can do Arcana.

Theobald: Saccharina, would you know if there's a way to-

Zac: I got a 23.

Siobhan: I got an 11.

Brennan: This thing, as I've said before, is a little bit wonky. One of the
stone circles, one of the concentric stone circles that moves in the candy
stone of the floor can be lifted up out of the teleportation room and just
removed from here. It's a little risky because it means that you might not be
able to place it back in correctly, but it effectively makes this room
impossible to arrive at.

Zac: And also, that means that if we had to leave here, it might impede our
exit to try to put that back, as well.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: Where are we gonna go right now?

Zac: We don't know. I don't know.

Murph: Maybe we should ask one of your parents if there's anybody from Candia
that could work with them, because they'd need somebody of the Candian-

Zac: Yeah. Spearia?

Ally: Yeah, let's talk to-

Brennan: You see that Joren is being fed. You see that Spearia is holding out
her hand, and just from the leaves of her wrist this like sweet green juice is
trickling into Joren's mouth. She goes,

Spearia: There there, this is healing. It's healing you.

Brennan: And he goes,

Jawbreaker: Urgh, I like to drink that wrist milk.

Cumulous: Beautiful.

Ruby: This explains so much.

Brennan: You see, you go up, and for the first time Spearia gets up and she
goes,

Spearia: As the beloved of Joren Jawbreaker and a priestess of the Sweetening
Path, I extend to you our most sincere thanks. We will never be able to repay
what you've done for us. My sweet boy-

Brennan: And you see she comes over and gives you a kiss on the cheek. She
looks at you, looks into your eyes, looks around the room and looks back and
says,

Spearia: Oh, Liam, I'm so sorry.

Liam: [quietly] Preston.

Brennan: She gives you a hug, and it's this warm leaf, it's like a perfect
hug, and you can tell that she locks in and you're like, this is gonna be a
three to five minute hug. We're in this for the next chunk of time, just like
pat pat, very still, pat. Pat pat. Pat pat pat. And honestly, it heals your
soul.

Ally: Right. (laughing)

Brennan: This is like an A+ mom hug.

Siobhan: I have never had a hug like that from either of my parents, but
especially my mom.

Brennan: You see, standing up, getting to his feet, colossal jawbreaker mace
at his side, is the Duke Joren.

Jawbreaker: (groans) Hey there, kid.

Brennan: And he comes over to you, Amethar, and claps you in an embrace.

Amethar: Hey, what's up, Unc?

Jawbreaker: (groans) All right, been better. (nods at Theo) Sir Gumbar.

Theobald: Good to see you, Duke Jawbreaker.

Jawbreaker: I'm seeing some of the folks from back in the day.

Cumulous: It's been many years.

Jawbreaker: Yeah. You're one of Lazuli's, right?

Cumulous: Yes.

Jawbreaker: Are you, what is it? You're a robot?

Cumulous: Am I a r—

Jawbreaker: You're a golem, or you make-

Cumulous: No, I'm-

Jawbreaker: Share a spell-

Amethar: He's our cousin.

Theobald: He's just a person.

Jawbreaker: Right. Right, sorry, that's right.

Cumulous: Robot? What is a robot?

Jawbreaker: You're, you know, I thought you were a fake man, you know, magic
man.

Cumulous: No, I wish. I wish.

Liam: Dad, were you asking if he's a robot?

Jawbreaker: Hmm?

Liam: Did you just ask a human if they were a robot?

Jawbreaker: You know, he's got those eyes. Anyway, the umm.

Liam: (to Cumulous, very quietly) I'm sorry.

Jawbreaker: Cloud. Cloud?

Cumulous: Cumulous.

Jawbreaker: Cumolors.

Theobald: Yeah.

Jawbreaker: Cumulor. The important thing is—

Liam has his face in his hands.

Jawbreaker: They tried to kill my ass.

Cumulous: That is a important thing, yes.

Jawbreaker: Yeah, and we're gonna get 'em. We're gonna get 'em.

Theobald: Right. Duke Jawbreaker, (laughs) in your esteemed opinion, is there
anyone that attacked you that would be capable of teleporting troops here?

Cumulous: Do you know of any druids?

Jawbreaker: Yeah.

Theobald: That would work with them.

Jawbreaker: My wife-

Theobald: Under duress, perhaps?

Jawbreaker: Spearia, yeah, Spearia, she could do that, probably. What is it?

Amethar: She's here.

Jawbreaker: Okay, great, good.

Theobald: Right, you were drinking her wrist milk.

Cumulous: Do you wanna lay down?

Theobald: Spearia.

Jawbreaker: Nah, I've layed down plenty-

Liam: Yeah, let's talk to Spearia. Mom?

Theobald: Spearia.

Spearia: I'm gonna be out of this hug in another minute or two.

Liam: Okay.

Theobald: Could we talk to you during the hug?

Spearia: If you get in this hug.

Cumulous: Theo, I don't know.

Murph: I get in the hug.

Theobald: Are there any other-

Brennan: [imitates Spearia patting Theo’s armored back] Clank clank, clank.

Ally: I'm just in the middle.

Theobald: Are there druids of your circle who might work with the Ceresians or
the Empire under duress and put this place in danger?

Spearia: (sighs heavily) In Buzzybrook, no. I do not think there are any that
know of secrets that powerful. There are many still that keep the old ways of
the Sweetening Path, but none that have treaded so diligently, or with the
blessing of such powerful spirits that they would be able to transport here to
the monastery.

Liam: So, are you saying that maybe somewhere else there would be?

Spearia: Potentially.

Theobald: The Sugar-Plum Fairy, right?

Ruby: But the Sugar-Plum Fairy's on our side, I thought.

Theobald: I thought she wasn't.

Cumulous: Not necessarily.

Saccharina: She's absolutely not on… Well, I don't know what your side is.
She's absolutely not on the side of magic being freed.

Liam: So, she'd probably work with the Church to suppress magic.

Theobald: I-

Saccharina: The Sugar-Plum Fairy is not… The Sugar-Plum Fairy derives her
power from The Bulb, and yes, she has-

Cumulous: She derives her power from The Bulb?

Ruby: Then why is the Sugar-Plum Fairy banned by The Bulb?

Saccharina: Because what better way to distract people? The Sugar-Plum Fairy
is sort of like a folk deity, and so, The Bulb does not wish for various
counties and estates to have their own access to power. They wish to
consolidate the power and be the sole source of power.

Ruby: Sounds like a conspiracy theory to me.

Theobald: Your Aunt Lazuli believed something similar.

Saccharina: Yeah, I gotta be honest, Ruby, just, you can walk away.

Ruby: Well maybe I will!

Siobhan: I walk away.

Brennan: You see Spearia looks over and goes,

Spearia: Mm, okay, okay. You're half sisters and you just met in the past
week, you're half sisters, how old are you?

Cumulous: Did you just intuit that?

Spearia: I'm an empath.

Saccharina: I think it's a little more complicated than that.

Spearia: You're like a witch queen from the Dairy Sea?

Saccharina: Yeah.

Spearia: Okay. She's, I don't know, some kind of shadow sorceress.

Saccharina: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.

Spearia: Yeah, it's hard. That's hard.

Liam: That's crazy that you knew that, mom. That's really cool.

Saccharina: Well, yeah.

Brennan: Rubs your cheek.

Spearia: Wow. Well, it seems that we have finally met Saccharina Frostwhip.
From one witch to another, may I just say that the power of the spirits of the
world in me recognize the power of the spirits of the world in you, and-

Saccharina: Thank you. And the power of the spirits of the world in me also
recognize the power in the spirits of you. Did I do it right?

Spearia: It's impossible to do it wrong.

Cumulous: The power... of the spirits.. in me recognize the power... in the
spirits-

Spearia: I think we should all hold hands while this is happening.

Cumulous immediately puts his hands out.

Amethar: I’m gonna go- I'm gonna go chase my daughter down. You all can stay
in this.

Murph: I'm gonna stand at a distance between those two situations.

Emily: What two situations?

Murph: Him chasing down his daughters and the group hug.

Spearia: Liam, I'm gonna finish up the hug now, sweetie, okay?

Liam: Okay, cool.

Brennan: She taps your arms. She looks over to you, Saccharina, and says,

Spearia: (sighs heavily) Saccharina, I'd like to ask your permission for
something.

Saccharina: I mean, of course. Anything.

Spearia: Can I lightly touch your forehead and hum?

Saccharina: Um, yeah. (laughs) Okay.

Brennan: She takes these little green thin fingers, holds them to your head,
just goes. (humming)

Saccharina: Is this a sound bath?

Spearia: Always.

Saccharina: Oh okay. Very cool. Let me change into my yoga pants.

Brennan: She goes,

Spearia: Wow. There is a storm within you.

Saccharina: Yeah.

Spearia: And thus, there is a storm within the world. [deep inhale] This
monastery needs to be saged from the very bottom of the basement all the way
up to the top. It may take days, it may take weeks, but I'm gonna get that
started right now.

Liam: I'm on it, mom.

Ally: And I have a bunch of sage that I'm rolling that's dried.

Zac: Can we look at these magical weapons?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely, you guys take a look.

Siobhan: Cumulous' favorite thing.

Cumulous: Look, I cannot help it. As a monk of my faith, I do not long for
possessions.

Brennan: You see that Swifty's standing on a little pile of them and says,

Swifty: Hey, yeah, if you wanna buy one, go for it.

Cumulous: Come on.

Swifty: Come on, what?

Theobald: Come on, Swifty.

Cumulous: Can I just look at what you've got?

Swifty: Oh, you got them out of the building?

Cumulous: I was-

Swifty: They're yours? You're standing on the pile of them?

Saccharina: Swifty, I dispatched you to get them, now I order you to let
Cumulous play with them.

Swifty: (whispering) I'm gonna rip your nuts off.

Cumulous: You better try.

Brennan: You see Swifty (whooshes) tears out of there, and you may hold as
many of these weapons as you like.

Zac: Cool. Can I just make an Insight?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and make an Insight check.

Zac: Eh, 10.

Brennan: You-

Zac: Oh, no, 17.

Brennan: Oh, 17, damn. You garner from a lot of these weapons that they are
magical, which is great. None of them look like high artifacts. These were,
after all, culled from a remote mountain village in the Great Stone Candy
Mountains, so a lot of these are probably taken from like barrows or burial
places, and stuff like that. And in game mechanical terms, a lot of these
would probably be +1 to attack and damage with no additional magical powers.

Zac: Cool.

Murph: So better for troops than us.

Brennan: Yes, correct.

Murph: Probably.

Brennan: Absolutely.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: You see that Joren Jawbreaker walks after you, Amethar, as you leave.
And I think Theo, you were going with him?

Murph: Yeah. Yeah, I'll follow that gang for now.

Brennan: You go over, you see that Joren goes.

Jawbreaker: (groans) All right, well, first off, I'm glad you're alive. I
don't know how the hell you made it here.

Amethar: Me neither. (chuckles)

Jawbreaker: All right, so, people tell me I'm the King of Candia. Is that
true?

Amethar: It was. You were king for like, two weeks. But not anymore.

Jawbreaker: Who's king- Who’s king now?

Amethar: My daughter. Saccharina.

Jawbreaker: That's true what they're saying, the marauders?

Amethar: [quietly] Yeah.

Jawbreaker: (sniffs) Well, shit. I guess that's better than me being King,
huh?

Amethar: I mean, fuckin' leaving Castle Manylicks was dumb as hell.

Jawbreaker: They were torching the villages!

Amethar: Oh, come on!

Jawbreaker: I had to get out there!

Amethar: Come on, Unc.

Jawbreaker: Look, I got Chin Seeker here, and he's hungry for chins.

Amethar: Come on. I mean, hey, if there's anything I've learned in the past
couple of weeks, it's, I don't know, sometimes you gotta know the smart thing
from the other things that you wanna do.

Jawbreaker: The hell? You sound like your damn dad.

Amethar: No, all right? I'm not, okay? I'm not my dad, all right? But Jet's
dead. (pause) And things are different now.

Jawbreaker: Oh, hell.

Brennan: You see he rubs his crystal beard on his massive jaw and he puts a
hand on your shoulder and goes,

Jawbreaker: I'm so sorry, Amethar.

Amethar: Hey, I mean, the best thing we can do now is just make sure we do the
smart thing and the right thing. (sighs heavily) And right now, that means
getting behind Saccharina.

Jawbreaker: (sniffs) She's not in open rebellion, the crown goes to her, and
then—

Amethar: There ya go.

Jawbreaker: Well, we already got Ceresians and paladins of the Church in our
land, so we're gonna have to make a pretty big damn show of it. Is there
anyone that can vouch if we come out and say that this is true? Do we have any
allies anywhere?

Amethar: Dairy Islands are with us, and then, I don't know, we got some crazy
gamble that involves getting a book that makes you tell the truth, belonged to
my sister.

Jawbreaker: Well, that's right. Well, shit, I guess if it saves people's lives
it's the thing we gotta do. Let's go talk to this kid of yours. You know, if
you just followed your old Unc's lead and taken that milkmaid back to the
castle with you, a lot of this could've been avoided.

Amethar: Yeah, all right, well I could've changed a lot of things and a lot of
things would've been different.

Jawbreaker: Yeah, I know that for sure.

Brennan: And he turns to walk back into one of the chambers of the monastery
overlooking (whooshes) the clouds, the cotton candy clouds moving over the
Great Stone Candy Mountains. Saccharina, you look to see Amethar and Joren
approaching you. I don't know if anyone else is here as well, but at least
Amethar and Joren approach.

Murph: Yeah. I think I was kind of walking at a safe distance between the two,
and I think as those two guys turn around I just kinda wanna say to Ruby,

Theobald: I think we... Especially in times like this, we all need to stick
together.

Murph: And then I follow Amethar and Jawbreaker.

Brennan: Awesome.

Zac: I think Cumulous wants to go like... It's a tower, right?

Brennan: Yeah, it's a monastery. So, it's on the peak of this great mountain
made of pure white sugar rock, and it is a very… It's weird, 'cause it's an
arcane order of monks, so it is very solemn and austere and reflective, but
there also are runes and libraries and places where scrolls are kept here, and
there are halls where magical artifacts are being kept as well. There's an old
private laboratory of the Archmage Lazuli here near the teleportation room.

Zac: I want to see if we can see if any monks here can help us peruse this
book to see if we can make anything that can help us.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Brennan: There's a number of scholar monks here that would be able to help you
with that, for sure.

Cumulous: Do you mind if I borrow the book?

Liam: Yeah, of course.

Brennan: Are you borrowing just the stuff that Liam has, or Ruby's stuff as
well?

Zac: Well, I kinda don't know that (laughs) Cumulous would be great at like,
strategizing for the war overall by himself, but yeah, if people wanted to-

Ally: Well, I would love to hear about it, too. I would go with you.

Zac: Yeah, you wanna come with-

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. So, Liam and Cumulous head off to the library with a bunch of
the scholar monks here. Joren, Amethar, and Theo approach Saccharina on a
balcony standing with Gooey overlooking the Great Stone Candy Mountains, and
below it to the south, the sweeping plains and forests of Candia.

Amethar: Your Majesty (stammering).

Theobald: We're at your service.

Amethar: Yeah, something like that.

Theobald: We believe in your cause, and we want peace for Candia. We want to
be unashamed of who we are, and we want the spirit of magic to roam free.

Saccharina: (in tears) Thank you for your endorsement. I'm very aware it does
not come with enthusiasm. (sniffs) But, today's not about my pride, so I am
very excited about what it will mean for the future of magic. I am going to go
celebrate (sniffs) with those who have stood by me. I will see you another
time.

Brennan: Gooey wraps your cloak around you, Saccharina, leaving a hand on your
shoulder and walks with you from the balcony. Joren stands there looking out.

Jawbreaker: (groans) Well. What the hell.

Brennan: And turns to walk back into the monastery. Ruby, you see Caramelinda
walks off into the monastery. Manta Ray Jack goes to reckon with the rest of
his soldiers, and this place now has the monks of the Order of the Spinning
Star. So yeah, monks of the Spinning Star are here, Saccharina's people are
here now, and then Jawbreaker and your father, but the majority of people
running around are Manta Ray's crew, the monks of the Spinning Star, and
Saccharina's people, and then a smattering of townsfolk from Buzzybrook.

Siobhan: I wanna talk to Liam.

Brennan: Okay, awesome.

Siobhan: I'm gonna go find Liam in the library and just pull him aside.

Brennan: Cool.

Ruby: What they're planning with Saccharina and making her Queen, nobody's
talked about it, but what that means is, we go back, even if we get some
concessions with magic, we go back to the same status quo and the people who
killed Preston and the people who killed Jet get to just carry on with their
great fucking lives.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Ruby: And we just have to live with it.

Liam: I mean, I think that's true if it works out. I mean, look at where we
just teleported from. They have huge plans in motion.

Ruby: Yeah, and even if it works out, it sucks. We lost- My sister died, your
best friend died.

Liam: I'm just saying, I don't think it'll work out. I think we're gonna be at
war for a really long time. I don't think there's any sort of peace brokering.
I mean, we're trying to figure out what's in these maps and plans and stuff,
but-

Ruby: I just wanna tell you-

Liam: I think we'll be able to ice the carrot.

Ruby: Even if we make this alliance with these people and we just go back to
how it was, I'm not gonna let them live it down.

Liam: No, I know. I'm gonna ice the carrot.

Ruby: Okay.

Liam: I'm gonna fucking-

Ruby: And the bread.

Liam: Get the carrot.

Ruby: And the broccoli.

Liam: Yeah, and we're gonna kill the Broccoli.

Ruby: And that onion guy.

Liam: Oh, I killed the onion guy.

Ruby: You did?

Liam: I killed the onion guy, and I looked like the onion guy while I did it.

Ruby: That is really cool.

Liam: Yeah, I-

Ruby: Liam-

Liam: I can't imagine dying that way.

Ruby: You looked so cool.

Liam: Can you imagine? (laughs) Grief had a positive effect on me.

Ruby: You know what? I think you're taking it really well, and I feel like I
can learn a lot from you.

Liam: Yeah, thanks. I will say, I got the most closure about my pig at your
sister's funeral, and that can't be healthy. But it was just the vibe of loss,
you know? She was way more important than my pig, I'm aware. So, she got a
whole funeral, and I- I kinda hijacked it.

Ruby: No, I-

Liam: And I'm sorry.

Ruby: You don't have to apologize for-

Liam: But the next funeral I'm at-

Ruby: Being sad about your-

Liam: I'm gonna think about Jet.

Ruby: Great, and I'll think about Preston.

Liam: Aw, thanks. [shakes Ruby’s hand] Okay, let's find out what this carrot
is up to.

Ruby: Oh, yeah.

Siobhan: Is it on the… Can we look at these maps?

Ally: You can roll-

Brennan: Yeah, you can. Yeah, absolutely. You guys can do the rolls.
Snickersnack- So if you guys are looking at the map stuff, the monks are
looking at the Archbishop stuff, at Oliver Onionpatch's stuff.

Zac: I wanna find out if there's any way… I want to explain the bread golems
and the corn c-

Cumulous: The cutest corn thing I've ever seen.

Liam: It was so cute.

Ruby: Oh my god, it was so cute.

Liam: Right?

Snickersnack: It doesn't sound from the description like it would be that
cute, it sounds-

Cumulous: It was massive.

Ruby: I mean, I got pretty close to it and it was like-

Cumulous: Somehow that made it cuter.

Ruby: Like a parade balloon.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Ruby: That kind of a cute.

Snickersnack: It had metal plates on its face, it had huge claws-

Liam: You know what I think made it so cute? Is you know when something is so
small and cute, someone makes it small?

Snickersnack: Right, but this was enormous.

Liam: But then when you see him, it's like seeing a big teddy bear. You're
like, that's so cute.

Cumulous: Do you ever- Are you familiar with the concept of the-

Snickersnack: Me and all the monks and all the townsfolk had a vote and we all
agreed it was scary.

Cumulous: Interesting.

Liam: Oh great, just now?

Snickersnack: Yes.

Ruby: It's actually not a democracy, it's a monarchy, so-

Cumulous: Interesting that you got a vote while you-

Brennan: All right, we cut from this scene to something else.

Zac: No, wait, wait, wait.

Ally: Wait, I need a roll. I need a roll to find out about this.

Brennan: Snicker-

Siobhan: Is this a History check on this map?

Brennan: Yes, you guys give me either… Well, you can interpret the maps with
whatever skill you want, but probably History is gonna be the best.

Siobhan: Can I just do raw Intelligence?

Brennan: You can do raw Intelligence.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: Oh.

Siobhan: Oh, I got a nat 1.

Zac: Can I do the check for the stuff-

Brennan: Yes, go for it. You can do a Religion check if you'd like.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: Would Nature work for this?

Brennan: Potentially, yeah. You can-

Zac: Only got a 10.

Brennan: Troop movements and stuff. You can do Nature, yeah.

Ally: Yeah, 14.

Brennan: 14? Okay, cool.

Zac: Only got a 10.

Brennan: You guys are having a hard time deciphering the stuff you have, but
there are other monks here, people that could take a look at it, and there's
also just letters and correspondences here.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Snickesnack comes up to you as the monks are looking at this stuff
and says,

Snickersnack: Brother, did you behold the battle, you were fighting alongside
the sea witch, yes?

Cumulous: I was. She's enormously powerful.

Snickersnack: Hmm. The teleportation circles, the arcane defenses of the
monastery, many of our oldest artifacts are worn down, if not fully broken.
Our order has been lost these past 20 years and dwindling, with only those of
us who are elders still remembering the words and face of the Archmage Lazuli
herself. Do you think that this Sundae Sorceress might assume the mantle of
Archmage? I've heard it said that one of her titles is the Archmage of Lost
Sucrosia. Do you believe our order… In the absence of the Archmage Lazuli, is
there some chance that our order owes its fealty to her as Candia's perhaps
last best chance?

Cumulous: I think there's a definite chance of that. We… No one will be able
to replace Lazuli and do what she did, but I think that we must adapt, and
this is the brightest light I've seen in a long time.

Snickersnack: You were chosen to rescue the royal family. You are the most
elder monk left standing of this Order. We are behind whatever decision you
would make, but I believe that she does represent hope. We are behind you, if
you would swear our Order to her service.

Cumulous: Thank you.

Brennan: Awesome. You guys… So, the monks take a look at a lot of this stuff.
For the rest of that day, you guys… It's night time. Are you guys gonna take a
long rest, probably?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Should one of us stay-

Murph: I'm a little concerned. I guess I wanna mention to… I guess I go up to
Saccharina.

Theobald: Queen Saccharina, are you at all concerned that agents of the Sugar-
Plum Fairy might be working with the Bulbian Church, that we might be in
danger here of somebody ambushing us in the night?

Saccharina: In the night? I'm not concerned at this night, but I am concerned
that agents of the Sugar-Plum Fairy are working with The Bulb.

Theobald: Okay. We don't think we need to move any of the teleportation-

Saccharina: I'll stay up and I'll watch. I guarantee no one can get past me.
(bitterly) Now go back to your family.

Brennan: You see that Swifty jumps up on the table and says,

Swifty: That's right, we're having a party.

(lively music)

Brennan: Gooey puts another tankard of ale in front, and all these marauders
continue to sing songs and play music. They've got a-

Saccharina: Oh, yeah, not to mention they'll be up all night.

Brennan: You see that Jon Bon looks over and says,

Jon Bon Oh, I will go and keep watch on the monastery wall. I have to piss.

Saccharina: (laughs) If anyone tries to teleport in, they'll teleport into Jon
Bon's piss. It's kind of a thing we do a lot.

Theobald: We actually talk a lot- I don't specifically do it, your father
loves pissing in front of people.

Saccharina: Yeah.

Jon Bon: I piss once every four or five weeks-

Theobald: Oh, well that's-

Jon Bon: For about six to eight hours.

Theobald: Oh. I'm sorry. I was trying to-

Jon Bon: That's-

Theobald: Find sort of a thing we could talk about.

Jon Bon: That's how I keep watch.

Theobald: He sounds like a good watchman.

Saccharina: Mm-hmm, yeah, he's the best.

Jon Bon: It feels great, if you're wondering.

Saccharina: He pee shivers the entire time.

Theobald: My goodness. Right, okay. Well.

Swifty: I'm only the second most fucked up person in this crew.

Theobald: Apparently.

Swifty: Jon Bon's a freak.

Theobald: Yes, I'm quite hurt. But thank you for helping us save the Duke. I
know you have business at the temple. We appreciate you diverting your plans.

Saccharina: If you wish to show me your gratitude, you can help me at the
temple.

Murph: I nod.

Brennan: Long rest, HP maxes are restored. The next morning you awaken, and
Snickersnack the monk comes down with a report from the scholar monks that had
been poring over the Archbishop's books, the maps, the correspondences,
everything else. [funky accent] I'm gonna tell you guys a lot of stuff right
now.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: I'm not gonna make you roll for this because you already rolled for
this in the last battle episode when you grabbed all this shit.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: Today marks the sixth day of Harvest Dawn. The fall has begun and the
days are getting colder. First thing you find is military movements all
throughout Candia. The south of Candia, so the lowlands of Candia, are
completely taken over by House Cruller, right? House Cruller holds Castle
Candy. And basically in the rogue state of Candia flies its flag over Castle
Candy, and the embassies and heads of state of Fructera, Vegetania, Ceresia,
and the Meat Lands have all recognized House Cruller. The Dairy Islands have
not, apparently, according to correspondences, declared a recognition of
anything.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: They've just been silent. You also see that the push from the south
of the army trying to cross the Cola River fell apart, as was predicted in
Lazuli's vision that she sent to you in Port Syrup, because of a disagreement
between House Uvano and the Church. Basically what's written in these
correspondences between- 'Cause these are Keradin's correspondences, there's a
lot of juicy shit in here, there's some stuff directly from the Pontifex, but
basically, Plumbeline maintained that the Concord… Oh sorry, the Pontifex
maintained that the Concord couldn't exist without its constituent states.
Everything that was signed in the original Concord was signed by Jadain of the
House of Rocks, Amethar's father, right? And Amethar as well.

Siobhan: And Uvano is Plumbeline, right?

Brennan: Plumbeline, yes. So basically, before they got to the Cola River,
Plumbeline withdrew her troops because she was basically like, if the Church
is saying that there is no Concord, then we don't have alliance with anyone.
And it kind of fell apart, diplomatic relationships fell apart, and they sort
of withdrew. So, that fell apart, even as Cruller was cementing his reign over
the majority of Candia. The troops that are left, therefore, are only like
Cruller's people and some Vegetanian forces, and stuff like that, which I'll
get into in a second, in the south, and then the main army of House Rocks is
also in the south of the Great Stone Candy Mountains. They were coming on
their way to liberate Jawbreaker. And then all of Duke Jawbreaker's forces are
here as well, and then Ceresian Imperial forces. Basically, the empire didn't
invade Candia. The Imperial forces are like peacekeepers. Grissini was there
to capture, you know, enemies of the Concord.

Really what is happening, is Ceresia was taken over by Ciabatta. He literally
left Comida after the tourney, went home, and apparently was able to
assassinate all of his political enemies with the information he stole from
Alfredi. Like, when he was robbing Alfredi he wasn't just getting stuff to
clear his name, he was finding out who knew shit, who had dirt, and who he
needed to make moves on. So, Ceresia's invading Candia because Candia doesn't
have any alliances anymore, right? So, it's just a sitting duck, and it lets
him be Imperator by just taking over the military and saying, “we're gonna go,
I'm gonna win you guys a war,” and rule Ceresia and be another war hero, and
erect triumphal arches, and shit like that. So, there's tension between all
these people.

There's even a letter from Ciabatta that looks like it was intercepted by one
of the Pontifex's spies saying that there's no lost love between Fructera,
Ceresia, and Holy Vegetania, to be wary of each other. And you see that the
biggest thing here, which you get from the Archbishop's notes, is that you're
looking at like the scattered forces that are in Candia, and they don’t look-
It looks a little bit weird, their placement right now. You're just trying to
see what is the- What's motivating this army, like what's motivating the
invasion. The Pontifex has called a holy crusade on Candia because she has
instituted the Ramsian Doctrine as official Church doctrine. So, she finally
made that move. So, the Church's official position is that there is such a
thing as junk food, as unholy people. And so, the like, scattered armies that
are here are Ciabatta's loyalists, and a lot of Vegetanian and Fructeran lords
who are just engaging in a crusade. Like, it's not so much a nation going to
war as the Pontifex has said: It is holy for you to take fighting men, go to
Candia, and loot and sack the place. There's literally a thing where it says,
“If you can kill a Candian heretic, your soul is saved. If you can destroy a
Candian Standing Stone, you and your family's souls are saved”. Almost just
like a transactional Church papal bull kind of transactional thing. Sir
Keradin has been given the title “The Mace of the Faith” and is leading the
crusade into Candia. The other big stuff you find here is that because of the
tension between Ceresia, the Church, and House Uvano, a missive has gone out
from Calroy Cruller, and basically what he has said is that he renounces his
pagan ways, that he agrees that a crusade is needed to scourge the wicked from
Candia, and that he would like to be re-baptized into the Bulbian faith and
saved.

Ally: Wooooow.

Brennan: You see missives from some of Grissini's stuff that basically says
that Cruller is saying a crusade in Candia is needed, and as a result of that
crusade to save the soul of Candia, which would satisfy the Pontifex's needs,
a new Concord could be formed if another nation were to conquer Candia, and if
Candia were to become a part of Ceresia. And it looks like you see another
piece of correspondence from Ciabatta responding, this is another intercepted
missive, where he's basically sent something to Cruller being like,

Ciabatta’s Letter: There could be a very real future for you as the governor
of Candia as a province of Ceresia.

Brennan: So, it looks like that's what Cruller is angling for. And the
missives between him are, “If Candia were conquered, a new Concord could be
created, and the Concordant Empress”, which is the wording he uses, “could be
anyone's heir or daughter”. So, it looks like Calroy has basically sent this
little web out to satisfy the Pontifex's need for a crusade, to satisfy
Ciabatta's need to win a war and conquer new territory, and satisfy
Plumbeline's desire to be Concordant Empress in the new Concord that would be
created after that war, ending up with him on the throne of Castle Candy as a
Ceresian governor. You see all of this-

Siobhan: I'm sharpening Flickerish as I read. (sharpening noises)

Brennan: You see that there is a missive from Ciabatta saying that he does not
wish to meet in the City of Comida, nor to meet in Vegetania after the events
of the massacre at Saint Arugula where his name in particular was spoken by
Plumbeline and then denied and said to be false. So, he's basically said, I
will not come to Vegetania or Fructera, and Calroy has said, as a land
currently being occupied under a holy crusade, he has opened Castle Candy to a
meeting between the Pontifex and the heads of House Uvano and Ciabatta to
broker a resolution to the conflict between these invading forces.

Murph: All our enemies in one place.

Siobhan: How fun.

Brennan: You see that in Oliver's stuff, he's got a lot of communiques from
bishops and archbishops basically objecting to the institution of the Ramsian
Doctrine, saying like, this will not, like- Both Candian bishops and
archbishops, but also bishops and archbishops of other lands being like, “This
is not something that we can- Our flocks wail in anguish at the institution of
this law”. It's not like every archbishop or bishop of the world, but there's
a significant amount of pushback from within the Church. Of course, that
pushback is very carefully worded 'cause any of them could be killed for
pushing back too hard.

Siobhan: Is there any in particular, maybe in Candia, that we can-

Brennan: Yeah. I mean, obviously there's so many… Every important priest.
Obviously Lapin was the most important priest you knew in Candia, but every
archbishop and bishop within Candia is saying please don't come massacre all
the fuckin' people here. And in so doing, have put a target on themselves to
be just labelled apostate and heretic and killed. Belizabeth has sent
something to Keradin. You guys really snatched up all the good shit in that
fight. Belizabeth sends- This is actually to Oliver Onionpatch, which is a
private missive in a hidden cipher. This is not even written openly. The
hidden cipher of this is her writing to Oliver, basically saying, “I worry for
this meeting at Castle Candy because I do not wish for the Concord to be
reinstated so quickly that the Church cannot call a crusade against the Meat
Lands after Candia is destroyed”. You see she talks again about the Archbishop
Raddica Rutabagans, who was killed in the Meat Lands, which is something she
mentioned off-hand back when you guys were in Comida. And so, she's talking-
She’s telling Oliver that if she comes to Castle Candy, she wants the full
crusade guard and Keradin there to protect her, and will also be bringing the
book of Saint Citrina so that she can ensure that Ciabatta and Cruller are not
working with Plumbeline. That's the politics- [to the camera] This is just a
big ol’ info dump. [to the players] Oh, the money that was in the side
building was for paying Meat Lander mercenaries. So, they're getting
contracted to get Meat Landers to come in and fight for them.

Murph: Got it. So, just to clarify, the person from the Meat Lands- This is a
religious Bulbian person from the Meat Lands? Or they were afraid of being-
The Meat Lands being crusaded afterwards?

Brennan: Basically, it seems that the Pontifex wants the Bulbian Church to
well and truly rule this world, and that Candia represented a obstacle to
that, but also the Meat Lands, who are sort of, openly pagan. And her
archbishop was killed in the Meat Lands. So, she's basically saying like, “The
reason I'm fucking with Plumbeline and not just recognizing her as the new
Concordant Empress is because I don't want the Concord to exist so that I
can-”, she wants the Concord to crumble at least long enough to eradicate the
Meat Lands.

Murph: Got it. Okay, so that's potential allies there.

Brennan: That's the politics stuff. Looking at Oliver's alchemical notes: they
still can't crack how to make water steel. It looks like Alfredi had some
hidden knowledge that she died with. Even with their schematics they can't
figure out how to make water steel, but they certainly figured out how to
animate these- There were old Ceresian statues, they figured out how to
alchemically animate looking into Alfredi's notes. And so, you see there's a
ton of stuff there. There's also a lot of her notes coming from a section of
the Bulbian Church called the Sanctus Putris, which is an order of the Church
that did not subscribe to the Prophidian Heresy at all. It looks like they are
not about the Ramsian Doctrine and causing the apocalypse. But the Sanctus
Putris basically felt that to keep the Hungry One at bay, it was necessary to
have a certain amount of rot in the world, to have mold and putrescence in the
world enough that the Hungry One could not devour it. You also find notes
there that say… The correspondence between the Archbishop Oliver Onionpatch
and the Sanctus Putris saying the Sanctus Putris has located the home and high
temple of the Sugar-Plum Fairy, and have found the Ice Cream Temple. The date
they give, they say that their expedition should arrive there the morning of
Harvest Dawn the seventh, and it is Harvest Dawn-

Zac: That's tomorrow?

Brennan: Tomorrow, it’s the sixth. Let me see if there's anything...

Theobald: Well, we certainly can't let them get their hands on it.

Ruby: No.

Brennan: That's a tremendous amount of information. Are there any questions
about anything I just dropped on y'all?

Zac: Can you just repeat it one more time?

(laughing)

Murph: Is Ceresia on board with all the Bulbian stuff?

Brennan: It- From all the correspondences you've stolen and inferred, it seems
like an unholy alliance. It seems like Plumbeline cares about getting her
dad's throne and having the Concord survive and being Empress. It seems like
Ciabatta cares about being Imperator and having a country outside of the
Concord that he can wage war against and conquer. It seems like the Pontifex
cares about a global Church, and it seems like Cruller cares about just
weaseling his ass up, brick by brick, as far as he can get.

Murph: Alright.

Ruby: I'm gonna kill him. Or I'm gonna help my dad kill him.

Amethar: Hey, whatever works.

Ruby: Both of those would feel good.

Liam: Maybe I'll kill him accidentally.

Ruby: You know what? That would be fine. Or on purpose.

Liam: Or on purpose.

Amethar: Honestly, I'd be satisfied by stabbing his dead body.

Ruby: Oh yeah.

Liam: Mm-hmm. Yeah, I could see that, too.

Ruby: Kicking him a little bit.

Liam: Have we changed?

Amethar: I think we're full war guys.

Liam: I think we're war guys.

Amethar: There you go.

Liam: [cheerfully] I'm gonna stab a dead body.

Amethar: Yeah, it's gonna feel great.

Ruby: I'm gonna crumble that little shit into the ground.

Brennan: You see Joren Jawbreaker slaps you on the back, Liam, and goes,

Jawbreaker: Yeah!

Liam: (laughs) Yeah.

Jawbreaker: I love it. It changes you.

Liam: Yeah.

Jawbreaker: You can't be the same.

Liam: No, you cannot go back!

Jawbreaker: I remember when I was a kid I was different, but then, I don't
know, I used to love music but now my favorite sound is teeth hitting the
floor.

Liam: (laughs) That's a new one.

Jawbreaker: Yeah, yeah. You get- You can catch somebody on the side of the
chin and you can get 'em all out and they'll be alive. You can get all 32,
it's like a strike in bowling.

Liam: Wow.

Amethar: Hey, now that you're like, up and about, you gotta show this kid how
you piss.

Liam: Uhhh,

Jawbreaker: Watch this.

Amethar: Okay, we can walk out of here. I mean, you have to see this at some
point.

Ruby: I wanna see it.

Amethar: It's pretty incredible.

Liam: All right, let's do it. Field trip!

Brennan: He goes onto the wall of the monastery and he goes,

Jawbreaker: Call it.

Amethar: Go!

(loud whooshing)

Amethar: Stop.

(whooshing stops)

Amethar: Ah! God damn.

Liam: Is there a valve in there?

Jawbreaker: No, it's just about control, it's about discipline.

Amethar: All right, now should we talk about all the crazy stuff?

Liam: Yeah, yeah, right, right. Okay.

Theobald: Cumulous, I think the monks here are in danger. If there's a holy
crusade.

Cumulous: They'll come to purge this area.

Theobald: They'll try to destroy the holy places.

Liam: It's true.

Siobhan: Where's Liam's brothers?

Brennan: Back at Manylicks.

Theobald: Okay, well-

Cumulous: I know we must- We have to go to the-

Brennan: Jawbreaker looks and says,

Jawbreaker: Well look, we got armies, and right now they're scattered. I mean,
all the troops that are in Candia are you know, lords and their retinues that
are on this crusade, right? Because-

Brennan: I'm sorry, the last thing you guys find is that there are rumors that
they're talking about there, of rumors of Saccharina, of like, “is there an
heir?” And basically, the thing is like, it's like “find and kill her before
her claim can be legitimized”. That would present like… There's something from
the Pontifex being like, “If that claim were to be legitimized by either the
Dairy Islanders or the Meat Lands, both the Dairy Islands and Meat Lands would
certainly claim that we had abandoned the Concord, and would likely join
Candia and go to war, and then we'd be fighting half of Calorum”. So,
basically it's like, “assassinate Saccharina Frostwhip as soon as you can”.
And there's even a thing in it about, “Is it true?” And someone else being
like, “It doesn't matter if it's true, just kill her”. So, you see that
Jawbreaker says,

Jawbreaker: Well, I think, they're on their heels right now, their big
southern push fell apart and now they've got to all get on the same page about
how they're gonna carve up the cake, no pun intended. So, seems like the best
thing we can do, get our armies together, have everybody gather out in front
of Manylicks and take the knee to Her Majesty, and-

Ruby: All of these people are scattered, they're raiding parties. We know
where they are, they don't know where we are, and we can teleport. Maybe at
least some of us should be going out destroying these raiding parties, coming
back, before they know that we can do that.

Jawbreaker: That makes sense. I mean, if you just wanna go pick off the
smaller contingents of crusaders in Candia, then that sounds fine by me. But I
mean, how do we go knock this Cruller asshole off the throne? And that, we're
gonna need armies for.

Theobald: Yes. I think we need to get all of Candia on the same page, and then
we need to stop the rest of the world from getting the Sugar-Plum Fairy's
secrets, or magic. We need to get to this Ice Cream Temple.

Ruby: I don't think that we should enter in any alliance where we have to be
an ally of Ciabatta, who killed my sister.

Theobald: Why would we be an ally of Ciabatta?

Ruby: If we enter back into the Concord-

Cumulous: We're not saying that.

Theobald: We're not entering back into the Concord, we're defending Candia.
We're trying to get The Bulb out of here, from crusading, from killing
everyone.

Liam: So, they get there tomorrow, right? We need to try to maybe get to this
castle to save her.

Theobald: Yeah, we're not talking about being on Ciabatta's side. Ceresia, The
Bulb, they're the enemy.

Brennan: Spearia speaks up and says,

Spearia: I know what Ruby means, though. I think what you're saying, if it
makes sense, is part of getting maybe our allies in the Dairy Islands to
recognize Saccharina's legitimacy is that we're playing their game, right? Is
that kind of what you're saying?

Ruby: Yes.

Spearia: Okay, I understand that. Well, right now, the whole world is against
us, and we're out of the Concord. If we play their game and get back in the
Concord and say that Saccharina is, you know, she's great, then we're back in
the Concord, and then-

Ruby: And then we kill Ciabatta.

Spearia: And then we just leave the Concord again, if we want.

Ruby: And then they go to war with us again.

Spearia: Right, but then we're back where we started, but fighting from Castle
Candy-

Theobald: And the Meat Landers and the Dairy Islanders are on our side. And
who says we can't kill Ciabatta when we march on Castle Candy, and take out
anyone who would betray us.

Brennan: Yeah, so Gooey speaks up and says,

Gooey: You said something before, Theo, about all of them being somewhere at
the same time.

Theobald: Yes, there was mention of a meeting between Ciabatta and the
Pontifex at Castle Candy. That would be Calroy, that's Ceresia-

Liam: (realising) The book is gonna be there. What if we could get someone
from the Meat Lands to be there and press the Pontifex, and she would have to
say that after her crusade on Candy she was gonna go for the Meat Lands.

Saccharina: I have allies in the Meat Lands.

Amethar: Fantastic.

Jawbreaker: All right. Well, we can't do nothing without an army. It sounds
like what we're saying we need to do, is get back to Manylicks and rally the
troops, try to gum up the works of the people trying to destroy Candia by just
letting our allies know that there is a true Queen that reigns in Candia so
that at least they'll have to deal with the Dairy Islands and the Meat Lands,
and that'll also stop the Imperial troops from marching on us. If there's a
legitimate claim the Imperials would have to leave, so it'll just be Ceresians
and you know, holy warriors. And then y'all wanna save these artifacts at this
temple, and then it sounds like there's gonna be a lot of people we don't
really cotton to all at Castle Candy at the same time. Yeah.

Saccharina: (sighs heavily) I hesitate to speak because I know that my words
in this company are- Usually put me in worse standing than when I started
speaking, but I would like to make it clear that I have no interest in working
with Ceresia. My entire intention of taking this throne is so that I may
occupy it, use it as but a tool to bring about an age of magic. They can
declare a crusade against us, but I already declared a crusade against them.
If I'm the Queen, The Bulb will not be in Candia. And eventually, it won't be
in the Dairy Islands, and then after that, it won't be in the Meat Lands. So,
that's where I stand.

Liam: Cool.

Brennan: You see, Ruby, Caramelinda catches your eye after that.

Ruby raises an eyebrow and shrugs slightly.

Brennan: Cool. So, you see that Joren says,

Jawbreaker: Well, great. Yeah, yeah, okay.

Theobald: Yeah.

Liam: Yeah.

Jawbreaker: Yeah, yeah.

Theobald: Yes. Let's all get on board.

Brennan: You see that Jawbreaker looks over at you, Saccharina, and you see he
says,

Jawbreaker: Your folks and my folks, we got a little rowdy in the mountains.

Saccharina: I understand, it was a pissing contest.

Jawbreaker: Oh, if it was a pissing contest-

Saccharina: Okay, let's go, right now. Let's go right now. (piss noises)

Cumulous protects his face from the piss.

Brennan: You see he pisses so hard that the table flips.

Emily: I piss so hard that I rise.

Brennan: He goes,

Jawbreaker: God damn, we are related.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Jawbreaker: Alright.

Brennan: He takes a huge horn of thick syrupy cola, it's like a sludge,

Jawbreaker: To Her Majesty, the Queen Saccharina of the House of Frostwhip,
First of her Name, long may she reign.

Theobald: Long may she reign.

Liam: Long may she reign.

Brennan: Smashes the horn on the ground.

Liam: I do wanna tell you, though, that King Amethar, everyone tried to kill
him. It was like, not even funny. So, once we announce that you're queen, I
would just want you to know that around every corner is a brand new type of
food wearing the skin of a different type of food that's gonna try to kill
you.

Saccharina: Yeah, it's gonna be confusing. Liam, I grew up in a nunnery where
I was meticulously abused by nuns for years. My entire life has been an
assassination attempt.

Liam: Bulbian nuns?

Saccharina: Why do you think I am the way I am? Yeah.

Liam: That makes a lot of sense, you do carry a lot of guilt.

Cumulous: Queen Saccharina-

Saccharina: Yeah, oh I have some-

Cumulous: I would like to officially pledge the Order of the Spinning Star to
you.

Saccharina: Wow. (laughs) That is-

Cumulous: We’ve been lost without Lazuli and we feel that you are the rightful
heir to this place.

Saccharina: That is an honor I could never have anticipated, and all I can say
is that in return, I pledge that I will return the magic of Lazuli and the
Lost Sucrosi to this land as far as I can extend it.

Brennan: About five dozen monks that still remain of this order all leap to
the top of their staffs, they're all just balancing on the point of their
staffs, and do a deep bow standing on top of their quarter staffs.

Saccharina: I mean, Lazuli just- She just did everything right. She just did
everything right. [excited] Everything right!

(laughing)

Theobald: Yes, she really did.

Brennan: Your guys' war council is concluded. The immediate plans are that
Jawbreaker and Spearia and these townsfolk are going to head off to Castle
Manylicks to find Liam's other brothers and rally the troops of both House
Rocks and of House Jawbreaker, and try to get them together so that a new
coronation can happen, a new Queen can be named, and that some allies of
Candia can be invited there to be able to speak on behalf of Candia.

Saccharina: I just wanna make sure that if we're gonna do a formal coronation,
it's very in my spirit, much more of a hangout party at a bar kind of thing.

Jawbreaker: Oh.

Saccharina: Yeah.

Jawbreaker: You wanna do a… Well, I was thinking the castle, but there's some
nice barns up in the countryside. You wanna just do a barn and like a, I don't
know, we'll just get some barrels.

Saccharina: Barn and a keg, that sounds wonderful.

Jawbreaker: Barn and a keg. (laughs) I gotta be honest, I love your style. I
can't believe we were fightin'.

Saccharina: I'm just trying to set some precedents. You know, honestly, I kind
of cringe every time someone says Her Majesty still, so-

Jawbreaker: Yeah, well that's good. If you were a president, then you wouldn't
have to be a Queen.

Saccharina: (laughing) Oh my god. That is too good. Pissing contest, right
now!

(whooshing)

Brennan: He blasts back to the wall and knocks himself out. (laughing) So,
Spearia, Jawbreaker, and the townsfolk are gonna head back to Manylicks.
Spearia goes,

Spearia: Liam?

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Spearia: Could we have some escort? Obviously your father doesn't have any of
his soldiers here. If there are people that could escort us through the
mountains-

Liam: I wonder- Let's ask Theo.

Theobald: Perhaps Manta Ray Jack.

Amethar: Yeah, makes sense.

Brennan: Manta Ray swishes his cutlass and says,

Manta Ray: Right, Amethar, I'll keep your uncle safe.

Amethar: Yeah, do that.

Brennan: So yeah, and then Manta Ray and the crew of the Bel Baby head off to
Castle Manylicks. Spearia gives you a kiss on both cheeks, Liam. Your dad
comes over and says,

Jawbreaker: Mhh. (pause) Liam.

Liam: (nods and smiles) That's my name!

Jawbreaker: Yeah. Way to go, kid.

Liam: Thanks, dad.

Jawbreaker: It's- (pause) It's not easy because… I think about it like your
mom, you know? She's soft and sweet and kind, and there's a lot of hard, sharp
motherfuckers out in the world that would be happy if she were dead, and it
feels kinda backwards in the head sometimes because even if you love the soft
things, you gotta be hard to protect 'em. And sometimes it feels like you're
all turned around.

Liam: Yeah.

Jawbreaker: It's okay to be turned around, even if you wake up one day and you
find out you're not soft anymore.

Liam: I think that's already happened.

Jawbreaker: Yeah.

Liam: I keep- I keep killing people really fast.

Jawbreaker: Yeah, I heard-

Liam: And sometimes in existentially psychotic ways, like turning into them
first and kinda having them kill themselves.

Jawbreaker: Yeah. I um- The first time I ever was in a fight like that, I was
14 and I didn't wanna hurt anybody, but there was a knight who was attacking a
villager who had dishonored him or something, and he was gonna kill this
villager, and I leaped off my meep and I ran over, and I took him off his
meep, you know? Just slash it down, and I took out a mace and I started
pounding away at his head, you know? Gotta cave his head in. And in my head, I
went 'I have to start liking this right now, or I'll fall into myself
forever.'

Liam: Totally, yeah.

Jawbreaker: Yeah.

Liam: 'Cause if you hesitate a little bit, then they'll just kill you.

Jawbreaker: They'll kill you. (sighs) Good luck at the Ice Cream Temple.

Liam: What?

Brennan: And he takes off. (laughing)

Liam: Well, he got my name right, that's so cool. You're not calling me my
dead pig's name anymore, so, what a day!

Murph: I think Theo being kind of a flunky just immediately walks next to
Saccharina and goes,

Theobald: Now, Queen Saccharina, just to let you know, I am technically
captain of the King's Guard, or in this case, now the Queen's Guard, so I
don't know where Gooey and I- I would see me as kind of being here (puts his
hand out), and Gooey being like, there (puts other hand out underneath), so
technically I would be able to give orders to Gooey in that situation.
Whatever you think, though.

Murph: I bend the knee.

Saccharina: You're forgiven.

Theobald: Yeah. Yes, Your Majesty.

Ally: What's my role again? What did I win in that tournament?

Brennan: You have a seat on the Cornucopian Council, which is part of the
Concord.

Ally: Got it, cool.

Cumulous: Queen Saccharina, I-

Saccharina: Could everyone just stop saying Queen?

Cumulous: Yes.

Theobald: Yes, my queen.

Saccharina: Okay.

Cumulous: You. I have to… I'm concerned about the Spinning Star, where it
stands here. I don't necessarily want to keep everyone here just because it
feels almost like this might be a target.

Theobald: Should we-

Cumulous: Maybe-

Emily: The Spinning Star is different than my hideout in the mountains, right?

Brennan: Yeah, you have your marauders that are separate, yeah.

Emily: Yeah.

Cumulous: Maybe they should join your marauders for the time being, and take
as much as they can out.

Saccharina: Absolutely. We put a lot of work into our guest rooms, and we have
more than enough towels.

Cumulous: They do?

Brennan: You guys hear (wind whistling) Bam. And a horrifically injured monk
lands with huge arm-fulls of blood-soaked towels. He goes,

Chocolate Chip: Did I just hear that you have towels now, or?

Cumulous: Yes, Chocolate Chip-

Theobald: We could always use more towels.

Saccharina: Yes, we have-

Chocolate Chip: More towels?

Theobald: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

The wind whistles as Chocolate Chip vanishes again.

Cumulous: We'll never see him again.

Liam: Is a towel that big of a deal to everyone?

Amethar: Yes.

Liam: I feel like sometimes I just use a dirty towel.

Ruby: I'd like a towel.

Amethar: It's essential.

Saccharina: What we do, is we actually have a geothermal vent, so we get the
towels hot before you put them around your body-

Liam: Okay, now that. Okay, that does sound nice.

Saccharina: We're in the mountains, but we like our luxuries.

Liam: The other night I spilled a beer in my room and I cleaned it up with a
towel, and today I used that after the shower without realizing.

Ruby: Liam, that's nasty.

Cumulous: Is that why you smell like old beer?

Liam: Maybe, yeah.

Ally: Now, this was a story about Liam.

(laughing)

Brennan: Cool. So, the Order of the Spinning Star collects all the artifacts.
You see that basically Snickersnack looks at you and says,

Snickersnack: We will send you as best we can to the location of the Ice Cream
Temple. If we are to truly make this monastery safe, we will need to
disassemble the rune here, which means you will not be able to come back. But
you will be much closer, within two or three days travel, to Castle Manylicks.

Cumulous: That sounds fine.

Liam: So, when we leave you'll move the rune?

Snickersnack: We'll move the rune. There will not be a return available to
you.

Brennan: Your marauders look at you, and look at all the gear, and loot, and
scrolls, and Gooey says,

Gooey: Your Majesty, you should take some of us with you, yes?

Theobald: Yes, should you, Your Majesty? Probably.

Saccharina: Yes.

Gooey: Yeah, I got it.

Theobald: No, it's okay. Co-captains, so.

(laughing)

Saccharina: Yes, I think so. Perhaps Sir Theobald can sort through and decide
you know, some things that we wanna bring.

Theobald: Busy work.

Brennan: You see Gooey says,

Gooey: Sir Theobald will decide who is accompanying you?

Saccharina: Oh, you meant people.

Gooey: Yes.

Saccharina: I thought you meant cool weapons.

Gooey: No, Your Majesty.

Saccharina: Yes, okay. Yes, perhaps you could sort of run a fitness test
(laughs) of the marauders.

Theobald: Yeah, okay, everyone-

Liam: I would love to participate in that.

Theobald: Liam, get in a line.

Liam: Cool.

Murph: I run a very short fitness test and pick the best people.

Liam: How do I do?

Theobald: Liam did great. Liam was number two.

Liam: Cool.

Brennan: Give me an Athletics check real quick.

Liam: Oh, hell yeah. (rolls dice) 20, but not nat.

Brennan: Cool. Yeah, Liam does great.

Murph: Yeah. It was all very herky-jerky because Theobald is not flexible, so
it was like, real labored jumping jacks.

Liam: Sundae mama, if Theobald is here (puts hand out), where am I? Like here
(moves other hand up and down), or?

Theobald: We're really into rankings.

Saccharina: I know. Again, I feel like-

Ruby: I'm not into rankings.

Saccharina: Sure. I feel like I tried to make it clear that the whole
hierarchy thing, I'm taking the throne so we can get rid of hierarchy. So,
again, you know what? I think you tell me where you rank.

Brennan: You see Swifty looks and says,

Swifty: Okay, can I be queen?

Saccharina: For a day. Everyone can be queen for a day!

Swifty: Yeah! Yeah! All of you kill yourselves! I order you, behead
yourselves!

Murph: I take out my sword.

Liam: No, no, Theo, Theo!

Saccharina: Gooey, definitely you should come. Swifty, Bon Jon, and I believe
I may need backup for me personally. I think that I'm perhaps more of a target
than ever.

Brennan: You see they nod. Caramelinda is, I think over with Ruby and Amethar.
What have you guys been up to? What have Ruby and Amethar been doing?

Lou: Just a lot of looking out over parapets, thinking about everything.

Siobhan: Just real silent. Not looking at each other. Occasionally going,

Ruby: I know.

Amethar: Yeah.

Ruby: Yeah.

Amethar: Yeah.

Ruby: Mm-hmm, yeah.

Amethar: Mm-hmm.

Ruby: Mm-hmm.

Ruby and Amethar: Yeah.

Brennan: You see Caramelinda walks over to you.

Caramelinda: I'll be accompanying Spearia and Joren back to Castle Manylicks.

Ruby and Amethar: Okay.

Ruby: So, how long have you known how to do magic?

Caramelinda: (sighs heavily) Lazuli taught me, a bit here and there.

Ruby: And in all the lessons that you were so anxious that we attend, you
didn't think about teaching us any?

Caramelinda: I was going to start after you matured. I didn't wanna give you
more tools to run away.

Ruby: Well, maybe if you trusted us we wouldn't have run away so much.

Brennan: She just takes that right into the heart, and it hurts.

Siobhan: Good.

Emily: I look at Caramelinda with a knowing nod of what it feels like.

Amethar: Honey, can I? Would you give us a second?

Caramelinda: Yeah. Actually, a second with Saccharina or a second with Ruby?

Amethar: A second with Ruby.

Brennan: She nods and turns to walk away. And she walks past you and looks at
you with a look of… I don't know what emotion Saccharina would take with this,
it would either be further pain, or it might be a moment of comradery as you
watch someone who is living a life that they also did not ask for, and walks
away.

Lou: I take a knee.

Amethar: Um, hey.

Siobhan: I also take a knee, this makes me feel very uncomfortable.

Amethar: All right, honestly, fine. These are all results of the fact that,
I'ma say it, I'm a bad dad. Not a good-

Ruby: No.

Amethar: No, no. I'm a bad dad. Great general, incredible warrior, decent
king, bad dad.

Ruby: Really into ranking, this family.

Amethar: Okay, it's been my whole life, okay? I have not given you the
attention, or the availability, the emotions, any of it, in dealing with Jet.
And I feel like you've been on your own, and I've been watching, and it's
affecting me every day, and I don't know what to do. And the truth is, I don't
think any of us know what to do.

Ruby: I don't think you're a bad dad. I think... no matter what you do, I'm
always gonna be alone. I was never alone, and now I'll always be alone.

Amethar: No, you won't, 'cause I'll always be there. And Jet will always be
there, in a different way, but she's not gone, and I'm not going anywhere.
They tried to take me away from you, and I'm not going anywhere, alright? All
we have is each other, and I can't stand to watch you push your friends away.
So, please be here with me. Be here with us, because you're not alone. And you
never will be.

Ruby: (crying) I had to run away from the most important person in my life as
she died. And I'm never gonna be able to live with myself for that, and the
only way that I can even (pause) live a half life is by getting revenge on the
people that did it to her.

Lou: I put my hand on the back of your neck, I say,

Amethar: Yeah, we're gonna kill all of them, and then there's gonna be a lot
more life to live after that. And that, that we're gonna do together.

Ruby: Okay. (sniffs)

Siobhan: And I give my dad a big hug.

Lou: A big. I took notes yesterday from Liam's hug, and I do my best.

Brennan: You think that this hug, if this family's into rankings, then this is
the best hug there's ever been.

Emily: I watch this from afar.

(wind whistling)

Brennan: Cold wind whips around you.

Saccharina: Must be nice.

Brennan: And you guys prepare to head off. You know that the notes of this
weird cult of the Bulbian Church are getting there tomorrow morning, so you
guys will probably have to go tonight if you're gonna teleport there and get
there. Jon Bon, Swifty, and Gooey are all coming with. They're sending the
rest of the marauders with the Order and all the Order's treasures and
everything, so Snickersnack is gonna lead everyone else back.

Saccharina: Did anyone else from the fitness test stand out?

Theobald: No, Swifty started kicking everyone in the legs, and everyone got
very hurt, and-

Swifty: (puffs) Not fit now, bitch! Not so fit now!

Amethar: What are you smoking?

Swifty: (screaming) A cigarette!

Saccharina: He's got a vicious habit.

Swifty: Yeah, as I said, I'm a 43-year-old divorcee.

Theobald: Surprisingly fit-

Saccharina: Twice divorcee.

Swifty: Yep! I can't keep it together!

Amethar: But you murdered both of them, right?

Swifty: Oh, sure.

Amethar: Or was it an amicable divorce.

Swifty: No, the first one was a botched murder suicide, and the second one-
The second one she was an addict and she came after my stash. She was in just
a rage.

(laughing)

Amethar: Okay, I think you- I think you-

Ruby: Wait, she came after your stash, and she was the addict?

Swifty: Yeah, I wouldn't share. She was an addict, and so am I, 'cause you're
never- You’re only ever in recovery, (puffs) And then she came after my stash,
and I said, 'Hey, knock it off,' and she went for the throat and I went for
the stomach and I got there first 'cause [truly ear-hurting pitch] run, run as
fast as you can! (puffs)

Amethar: Anyway, just to clarify, I think you're a widow, or a widower, not a
divorcee.

Ruby: Yeah, that does seem like a pretty clear distinction.

Zac: Cumulous is squatting in the teleportation circle.

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,

Swifty: No, no, we got legally divorced during the fight.

Amethar: Okay, got it.

Swifty: (puffs) Yeah, there was a judge present.

Amethar: Oh, okay, yeah.

Swifty: It was in a courthouse.

Cumulous: (gesturing to go) Can we?

(laughing)

Swifty: Alright.

Brennan: Throws it, stamps the butt out. You see that you guys head into-

Ally: So, are we going into a forest? Do we have to keep a low profile, or?

Brennan: It seems that you guys will not be doing what you did last time and
appearing in a circle of Standing Stones. This is a nearby circle of standing
stones that's still about two or three hours from where this temple is
supposed to be. So, it's the closest circle of Standing Stones to where you
need to kinda get to.

Saccharina: Oh, again, I want to reiterate, we sent several parties to check
out this temple and they still have yet to return. So, everyone, if you could
just sign this waiver.

Theobald: And that was under Gooey's watch, or?

Brennan: You see Gooey looks over at you. She does that thing. You see that
she's just counting little kind of like, prayer beads of the Bulbian Church
that she's got hanging from a loop on her belt that are like partially blood-
stained on them. They look like trophies that she's taken. You see she just
comes over to you and does that thing where she puts her face on the other
side of your face to talk in your ear and just goes like,

Gooey: You're a real soft, squishy little bear, aren't you?

Theobald: Yeah, I'm the squishiest, and I heard the Queen likes 'em squishy.

Gooey: Yeah, real squishy.

Theobald: Yeah, I'm a squishy bear.

Gooey: I bet a little axe would have no problem getting into that soft little
tum tum.

Theobald: Yeah, it probably wouldn't. What are you gonna do about it, huh? You
gonna put the-

Gooey: You take that armor off sometime-

Theobald: Yeah, I might.

Brennan: You see that she- There's a pause.

(laughing)

Murph: It's like breathing-

Brennan: There's a pause and she goes,

Gooey: Are we gonna- Are we gonna fuck? Are we gonna fuck?

Theobald: That would be inappropriate, but-

Gooey: Yeah, I know, that's what makes it good.

Theobald: Yeah.

Gooey: What are you-

Theobald: Against our orders, I don't usually-

Amethar: [quietly to Cumulous] Theo needs this, all right, let this happen.

Cumulous: Everyone here is insane.

Zac: Cumulous breaks the neck of a chicken.

Brennan: Boom! You see- (thundering) You guys appear, [laughing interrupts his
speech] you guys appear in the midst of the… An intimidation match that gets
too hot for everybody is so fucking funny.

Murph: And that Theo to him being like, the most amenable person, is like
intimidating, being like, “Yeah, I'm more subservient than you are”. “I bet I
could dominate you”. “I bet you could”.

Brennan: I bet you fucking could. You guys arrive at this circle of Sugar-Plum
Fairy's Standing Stones. (whooshing) Everyone immediately is freezing fucking
cold. This is in the high, high mountains. You guys are in something kinda
like the Rockies right now. This is the fucking Himalayas. You can tell,
actually, that the peaks soar up here, and probably like… It would take you,
you know, days to travel what on a road would take you, you know, a couple of
hours. It's so jagged and craggy here. And even with that, you know that just
on the other side of these tallest… These mountain peaks are three to five
miles tall, just enormous sky-rending peaks of deep red and blue candy stone
(whooshes) with ice cream swirls and flurries on tops of the peaks. And you
see, covered in partial ice cream snow, steps leading up from the circle of
Sugar-Plum stones (whooshing) up into the mountains, stones glow, and you know
that the teleportation rune behind you has been sealed. You begin to wind your
way single file. What is the order you are traveling in, bearing in mind that
you also have Gooey, Jon Bon, and Swifty here with you.

Zac: Can Jon Bon go first?

  
(laughing)

Siobhan: Is it dark?

Brennan: It is dark, but it's incredibly moonlit and starlit here, it’s like-
And there's snow on the ground everywhere, so it's this weird otherworldly,
almost like bright as day in the middle of the night from all the reflections
of the stars.

Ally: Is there a way-

Emily: I think I'm gonna cast Invisibility on myself.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Ally: Is there a way for me to travel not quite on the steps with everyone
else, but a little bit off the path, kinda keeping watch and keeping very
alert.

Brennan: You are back home. Not only mechanically does your character not be
affected by difficult terrain, but this is like, you grew up doing this.

Zac: Can we do Pass Without a Trace?

Ally: I can, yeah. Do you think, yeah?

Siobhan: It seems worthwhile.

Murph: Okay, so right now-

Siobhan: Can I also send Yak up and see if there's anybody hiding or anything
to be seen?

Murph: Good call.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Siobhan: Is it [French accent] advantage?

Brennan: No. Oh actually, I believe as a falcon he does have advantage, yes.

Siobhan: What is- Hang on.

Brennan: You can use your Perception.

Siobhan: 22.

Brennan: He flies. These mountains are deserted in between your path to you to
where you are going. Do you want him to fly further afield? Or do you want him
to stay… Do you want him to fly out past where he will be able to rejoin you,
or do you want him to just look at between you and the mountain?

Siobhan: I just wanna make sure that there's no ambushes or anything waiting
for us behind.

Brennan: He spots nothing.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You see steps leading up and as you round the bend, and again, give
me your order. So, Jon Bon goes in the front, this huge viking-like chocolate
warrior heads to the front.

Murph: I guess I'll go up front as well.

Saccharina: I'm actually gonna cast Invisibility on myself, so I'll go up
front. I know that I'm not supposed to be in the front now that I'm the queen,
but I'm used to being in front, so I just cast Invisibility and I go to the
helm.

Brennan: Take off, cool.

Zac: I wonder if there's any traps.

Theobald: Should we try-

Zac: I have Evasion, so maybe I could be towards the front, too, just in case
they trip.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, I also have Evasion.

Theobald: Should you run up the steps first? Maybe I could tie a rope to you,
or something.

Cumulous: Yeah, you wanna tie a rope to me?

Murph: I tie a rope to Cumulous.

Saccharina: This will be very fun if it ends up being just steps.

Theobald: If he just falls down.

Amethar: I'm in the back.

Murph: Alright, so I think I'm gonna tie a rope to Cumulous. He is in front
of… He's in the way front line, then there's another line, and if something
gives with the steps or something I'll catch him and pull him back.

Siobhan: I'm gonna be in the back with my dad.

Brennan: Cool. Amethar in the very back, Ruby in front of him. Liam off to the
side. Cumulous in the very front, and then behind Cumulous by a distance is
Saccharina, Theo, Gooey, and Jon Bon, and then Swifty behind them. So, you
three are kind of in the middle.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: You begin to head off. Steps all ascend. I'm going to need a group
survival check. A group Survival check.

Lou: (singing) It's a group survival check y'all.

Murph: Oh no, 7.

Siobhan: 3.

Ally: 21.

Zac: 14.

Lou: 10.

Murph: Yikes.

Emily: 9.

Ally: Fuck!

Siobhan: Yikes indeed.

Murph: Oh wait, can I roll with advantage 'cause of Princess?

Brennan: Sure.

Murph: Oh, can I roll with-

Ally: Yes!

Murph: Nat 20 for Princess.

Siobhan: Can I roll with advantage 'cause of Yak?

Brennan: Sure, yeah.

Siobhan: Oh, thank god. Well, that's an 8.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Can I roll with advantage because of Swifty?

Brennan: Yes, you may.

Emily: Oh, I actually got worse.

Lou: It tracks.

Brennan: Okay, how many… So, we need at least three successes here.

Siobhan: What's a success?

Ally: (pointing to Murph) He got a nat 20.

Murph: I got a nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20.

Zac: What was it over?

Siobhan: Oh, I got an 8.

Brennan: 15 or higher.

Siobhan: No.

Zac: (sighs) Got a 14.

Brennan: 14\. (looking at Ally) 2, cool.

Ally: No, no, I got a 21.

Brennan: 21, and (looking at Murph) then a nat 20 here. Everybody here takes-

Ally: Fuck.

Brennan: 11 points of cold damage.

Emily: Would I take cold damage?

Brennan: Oh, I think the Winterscoop makes you either resistant or immune to
that.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Resistance. So, you take 5.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You guys take that damage just getting to the top. This is a lifeless
area, and you guys are- (wind whistling) As you head to the top of the
mountain. Cumulous, I'm going to, as you ascend, you arrive at the gates. Huge
ancient Sucrosi pillars, (whooshes) pink, like strawberry pink, chocolate
brown, vanilla white scoops in a huge arch, ancient primordial ice cream
temple. And a hallway with a huge locked door in front of it. And you see that
there is a symbol of an ancient spoon in the front of the door.

Liam: Is that for your spoon?

Saccharina: Yeah.

Emily: Can I walk up to it?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Zac: Did you say that I needed to do something?

Brennan: No, this is gonna happen first, sorry.

Emily: I walk up to it with my spoon and I say,

Saccharina: Lazuli, watch over me.

Emily: And first I hold it over like a hotel keycard.

(laughing)

Brennan: You hold it over like a hotel keycard and you hear… (low humming,
rumbling) (whooshing) Light, sugary, lavender, plum light spreads throughout
the door. (door creaking) And a blast of freezing mist (blows) begins to
descend down the stairs, snaking down the mountainside. You cannot see the
floor here, the walls, the ceiling, natural caverns. Although, shaped so
conveniently, almost as if people here shaped the mountain with something
other than their hands. (whooshing) Cavern opens up, the hallway extends. Who
goes down the hallway?

Emily: I definitely just walk right in.

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: You're invisible, right?

Emily: I'm invisible.

Theobald: Queen Saccharina, where are, uh.

Saccharina: Oh, I'm inside, everyone come!

Murph: Oh, okay, I rush in.

Zac: I walk in in the same order I was in.

Brennan: So, you try to go off ahead of Saccharina.

Zac: I still have the rope.

Brennan: Cool. You were in the front. Awesome. I'm gonna need a Dexterity
saving throw for you.

Murph: Whoa.

Zac: With Evasion, I just-

Siobhan: You take half damage on a failed and no damage on a-

Zac: I just, but no advantage. Cool. That's... Dexterity saving throw. I hit a
14.

Brennan: 14?

Zac: Oh wait, advantage versus spells within, yeah.

Brennan: Oh, this is a spell.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: So you would roll advantage here.

Zac: Then, okay. Same roll.

Brennan: Same roll, okay.

Murph: I yank the rope. In the way that hurts you.

Brennan: You take-

Lou: That's what the damage is from.

Brennan: You take 15 halved from Evasion to 7 cold damage.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: (whooshing) You see- (crumbling) Out of the way, as just a trap goes
off, just a pure (whooshing) of freezing cold.

Murph: Liam or Ruby-

Saccharina: Sorry. I think that my enthusiasm for the magic place got in the
way. Shouldn't have stormed in.

Cumulous: I honestly should've had that.

Theobald: Yes, I should've tugged on the rope, I'm sorry. I thought you were
gonna fall through the stairs.

Cumulous: I got hit by this thing, and it hurt and it was cold, and then I
felt my stomach get pulled back a little bit.

Theobald: Yeah, no, that was probably a lot of it. You have rope burn all over
your waist now. I'm so sorry. You know what? I'm just gonna give you the rope
back.

[chiming, icy music]

Brennan: You guys begin to walk through hallways that are crystalline and icy
with those like freezer burn style ice crystals. And you begin to look in and
see various reflections as you walk through this next hallway that glows with
luminous icy white light from behind the ice cream, such that this place is
sort of, in dim illumination. Mist again covering the floor, you hear, as the
Winterscoop approaches, that you can hear things in the walls, like traps,
(metal clanking) Disassemble and stop.

Cumulous: I will let you go first.

Saccharina: Oh, yeah, that's a good call.

Emily: I go first.

Brennan: You begin to head out in the front. Everybody here make a Perception
check for me. Let me know if you got a 20 or higher.

Emily: I got a 27.

Murph: Whoa.

Lou: 20.

Murph: 18.

Ally: 11.

Lou: 21, sorry.

Brennan: 21 and 27.

Emily: 27.

Zac: 11.

Brennan: Saccharina, as you are walking through this place, are you still
invisible, or no?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You see many eyes, golden and eyelids of deep purple and plum, and
you hear a voice in your head going,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: (whispering) I can't see you, but I know you're here.

Saccharina: I can't see you either, but I can hear you.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: You've come here with the Winterscoop. Storm Captain and
Sorceress of Sundaes, this temple was made by those very much like yourself in
ages long past, and yet my fairy feet have been the only ones to tread here in
quite some time.

Brennan: And you see that her pupil narrows vertically like some kind of
animal. (looking at Lou) With a 21, you look and you see a smile of blue in
the icy crystal, and you see your sister Sapphria's face. She smiles.

Sapphria: Long way from home, brother. (vanishes with a whoosh)

Lou: I try and see if anyone else saw that.

Brennan: Doesn't look like they did.

Zac: Do we know… What do we know about Sapphria?

Siobhan: She's the second youngest.

Lou: She's the-

Brennan: The rogue.

Siobhan: Ah.

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: Right, yes.

Brennan: What did you roll?

Siobhan: I rolled a 10.

Brennan: A 10. The luminous light here, and the fact that it's coming from
everywhere, warm and diffused, means that you do not currently have a shadow.
You guys move through the space. Liam, give me a Nature check.

Ally: Let's see. That's 18.

Brennan: You (sniffs) smell something. It's all cream here, it's all ice
cream, sugary, frosted, and the cold keeps smells from traveling, but for a
second, (sniffs) hot chocolate and the smell of cinnamon, (sniffs) somewhere.

Liam: Whoa.

Brennan: You guys arrive at a three-pronged fork. There is a staircase
ascending up that has the symbol, the Sucrosi symbol of the Sugar-Plum Fairy
on it, and it is an ancient name. Anyone can make an Arcana check that wants
to, but Saccharina, you know this by heart because it is one of the actual
names of the Sugar-Plum Fairy, not her title, one of her actual names up on
this door.

Zac: Can I do a Religion check?

Siobhan: I got 22.

Brennan: Yeah, you can do Religion.

Murph: I got a 21.

Brennan: 22, 21. (pointing at Siobhan) You recognize this immediately. You see
in the wall, you get your first vision in the crystals and you see your Aunt
Lazuli, and says,

Lazuli: Her name, the fairy's name, she's close now. All your cunning will be
needed.

Brennan: You got a 21, right?

Murph: Uh-huh.

Brennan: The last time you saw this rune, it appeared abruptly in the sky
moments before a hail of arcane arrows won the Battle of Thinolia when Lazuli
fell.

Emily: What is the name? So I can know it.

Brennan: It's not pronounceable. You've only ever seen it written. Those
people were lost a long time ago, so it's like a unspoken, what's the word I'm
looking for? Dead language.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: But you know it means Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Zac: I got a 13. I didn’t—

Brennan: To your right, the pronged… So, that central one is the Sugar-Plum
Fairy. To your right you see more ice crystals and a flickering of light,
almost like you could go down there and some of the things you've seen out of
the corner of your eye feel like they might be down there. But it also feels,
to those that got a 20 or better on Arcana, it feels like maybe there's
illusion magic there, but also conjuration. Like maybe some of the things you
would see there would be true and others wouldn't be.

Murph: Okay, I pass that along.

Brennan: And you see, to your left, you see ice cold and many, many more
traps. And at the end of that passage, way down deep, that actually gets dark
and you see that there is a locked steel door, and it has a symbol on it in
Sucrosi that you recognize that means armory.

Emily: I hold Swifty back.

Zac: Could you-

Swifty: I gotta get it in there. That's payday, I mean, that's all of us
retiring.

Siobhan: Which one?

Zac: Could you Mage Hand through the traps with your thieves’ tools, the ones
still left, if it's just all traps?

Emily: The armory.

Siobhan: To the armory? Yeah, I can do that.

Zac: I don't know if that would work with it.

Siobhan: 'Cause I mean, if the Mage Hand flips a trap it doesn't matter.

Brennan: Yeah. Go ahead and give me a thieves’ tool check.

Siobhan: Great. (rolls dice) 20, not nat.

(whooshing)

Brennan: Spikes of ice, icing and ice cream, cream, traps go off as the door
opens. Behind it in the dim reflected light from your little antechamber here,
you see the most enormous library you've ever seen. Books, scrolls.

Ruby: Ah, one of those kinds of armories. One of my mom's kind of armories,
all right.

Theobald: [emotionally] It's an armory of the mind.

Murph: Theobald cries.

Brennan: A single tear.

Cumulous: Yes, it's... okay.

Theobald: Oh, you don't like this? You won't cry for these?

Cumulous: No, no, no, it's-

Amethar: No, this is disappointing.

Cumulous: It's awesome.

Amethar: This is disappointing.

Cumulous: It's awesome.

Ruby: Yeah, I thought it would be cool.

Theobald: What?

Amethar: I'll say it, I'll speak to it.

Ruby: Yeah.

Saccharina: Even I'm a little disappointed, yeah.

Amethar: It would've been to have-

Theobald: You know what? Actually, I'm disappointed as well.

Amethar: Alright.

Theobald: Now that-

Saccharina: Theo, you know, I want you to defy me sometimes because that will
keep me in check.

Theobald: All right, Your Majesty.

Amethar: Hey, Saccharina, get used to it. He's also gonna stand very close to
you very often.

Saccharina: Oh yeah, his- Feel the warmth of his body.

Theobald: Sorry.

Brennan: Gooey leans over and says,

Gooey: You're standing a little bit close.

Theobald: Yeah, you're standing a little too close to me.

Gooey: I'll stand a little close to you.

Theobald: Yeah?

Gooey: Uh-huh, how close to you want me to get?

Theobald: Yeah, well I'm not gonna be able to do anything about it.

Amethar: I wish this didn't happen so much.

Saccharina: Okay, this is a problem for me, because guess what? I'm an
assassination target and the two of you-

Gooey: Right.

Saccharina: Have very obvious sexual chemistry.

Gooey: Your Majesty, can I just talk to you for a second?

Saccharina: Yeah, absolutely, yeah.

Gooey: I've been bunking with Jon Bon for a long time.

Saccharina: Right.

Gooey: This is my shot.

Saccharina: Yeah, okay.

Gooey: I just need to-

Saccharina: You just want to-

Gooey: I just, I'm gonna-

Saccharina: Your thing. By this your mean-

Gooey: I'm gonna be so much more present if I just get this done.

Saccharina: Right. (loudly) Theo, I command you to fuck Gooey, I guess.

Gooey: Whoa.

Amethar: Whoa.

Gooey: The Queen.

Theobald: I mean, if-

Amethar: Damn.

Theobald: That-

Emily: I put my crown on.

Saccharina: Yeah, well, you know?

Cumulous: Can we do it later?

Theobald: It sounds like a time thing.

Amethar: All right, we're all gonna go in the library and if Gooey and
Theobald wanna find-

Theobald: No, no, that would be weird!

Amethar: Dark corner.

Theobald: Or would it be? I don't know! Gooey, what do you think?

Cumulous: What is this, college? You're just in a library.

Theobald: What is this, college? What is this? Let's go look at the books.

Ally: Classic college. Your boss tells you you have to fuck.

Saccharina: I must admit, the thing that intrigues me the most is the
staircase with the rune of the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Cumulous: I'm wondering if your spoon will let us go through this hallway.
Maybe, I don't know if the traps have been set off already. Could we walk
through it?

Ruby: Mm-hmm.

Saccharina: Yes, we could take a detour.

Theobald: Would it be worth going to the library just to see if there's
anything that would-

Ruby: Help us defeat.

Theobald: Help us figure out what's going on?

Emily: I make off toward the library.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: Swinging it like a metal detector.

Brennan: You go into the library, and anyone here that wants to can make an
Arcana check.

Lou: Oh yeah, I'd love to. Yeah.

Emily: 18.

Lou: Nat 20, come on. Fuck.

Siobhan: I got a 15.

Brennan: 15.

Lou: Flat 7.

Murph: I also got a 15.

Brennan: Cool. Got an 18 here?

Emily: 18.

Brennan: You look at this. What you see here are just ancient texts of Candian
magic. All the rich wonders of this land kept here, the making of arcane
weapons, enchantments, conjurations, abjurations as far as the eye can see.

Saccharina: See, does anyone else wonder why someone would want to secret this
away?

Ruby: No.

Ally: Can I make a check, or a Perception check or something to see if there's
anything from any other land?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Okay. So close to a nat 20. Let's see. Perception. Oh yeah, hell yeah,
that's like, 23.

Brennan: Okay. You go and look. You find a thing in Bulbosi here. It is a
bestiary that includes Candian stuff in it.

Ally: I speak Bulbosi.

Brennan: Yeah. You read it. You see it's a Bulbosi book, and it has a list of
spirits, gods, and monsters that were proven to be false idols and destroyed.
You see the Vegetanian legends of the Jolly Giant. (chuckling) You see the
Meat Lander legend of the amazing house spirit, the Hamburger Helper. You see
that there are a list of- (looking at Zac, who has his head in his hands) no,
Zac, this is good. Zac, this is good.

Emily: Can I scan it for Wonder Bread?

Brennan: The incredible legend of Wonder Bread.

Murph: Those were just comic books.

Brennan: Saccharina, you notice Liam looking at this and you see that the fact
that this is here is probably the only thing that means it still exists. Like,
these- What you recognize, Liam, is that what Cumulous said when he first
arrived was correct, that all the lands of Calorum have had these spirits,
these beings, whether they were aligned with the celestial light of The Bulb,
or with the dark powers of the Hungry One, that spirits, and gods, and
deities, and the fae, have always existed, and they have been everywhere. And
as Cumulous said, the only reason that it has stayed in Candia is that it has
been fought for. And you look at a graveyard of these spirits that were lost
from other lands.

Ally: Is there anything in here about the cinnamon smell that I keep smelling,
or like?

Brennan: Yeah. You see at the very last page, it gets to, you open it, there
is that word again, the Dracoria Azucar, and you see in the roiling there is
an inverted version of the Sugar-Plum Fairy's rune covered in spikes and
surrounded by magic, and you see a dark chocolate egg at the center of that
page. The book slams shut, in a blast of sparkling lavender magic the book is
sucked down the hallway out of the library and vanishes. (whooshing) And you
hear the central door slam open up above.

Amethar: Someone's-

Emily: I think I wanna say,

Saccharina: That's what we're here for, Liam.

Liam: The big dragon?

Saccharina: Or the egg.

Liam: Cool. Should we get out of this room before this giant metal door
closes?

Saccharina: Yeah.

Ruby: Yeah, that's probably a good idea.

Brennan: You guys walk forward, you get back to the center, you see mist
pouring out of the now open door at the top of the stairs.

Ally: Can I hide?

Brennan: Yes, you may.

Siobhan: Can I use Prestidigitation to- You can do a puff of wind with
Prestidigitation, can I get rid of some of this mist?

Brennan: Yeah, you-

Saccharina: Oh, if you want, I can control the weather.

Ruby: (sarcastically) All right, well, good.

Saccharina: So, just where do you want it?

Ruby: This actually isn't weather, it's mist.

Saccharina: Where do you want the mist?

Ruby: This isn't weather-

Theobald: More effective.

Ruby: We're inside.

Cumulous: It's working so well.

Ruby: This isn't weather, so.

Saccharina: I can just do the, do you wanna make it rain? No, no, no, no,
that's too far.

Ruby: I'm actually doing it as well 'cause I also have magic, you're not
special.

Theobald: Everyone's doing so good, we should all be friends.

Brennan: (laughs) You watch the mist part in front of you. As you get to the
top of the stairs you enter an enormous chamber. You are in the heart of the
mountain. Up above are endless, enormous icicles, just reaching down. This
place is so vast. It's one of these things where it's almost like the walls
have the faint illumination of all the ice cream here, but the distances get
so great and the luminosity of the ice cream is so dim and fae that you're
looking at light and still, somehow, almost darkness begins to manifest as you
look all the way down. And the mist roils and (whooshes). So, it's just all
like dim light and mist.

Zac: Sorry, looking down?

Brennan: So, you get to the top of the stairs, you get to a platform, like a
balcony, underneath this columned arch, and then it is just open emptiness and
mist. And you see that the mist is rising up, but just from the auditory
quality of being in here you can tell it's a long way down. In the center of
this massive empty heart of the mountain a tower of ice cream scoops frozen
over for a thousand thousand years spires up like a massive column of stone,
or a tree trunk, and in the center of it there is a small opening. Everyone
here can give me a Perception check.

Lou: 23.

Emily: 18.

Siobhan: 23.

Ally: Hey, there we go. Oh yeah, like a 26.

Brennan: Okay. Amethar and Liam, also give me a Stealth check.

Ally: Do I get advantage on that?

Brennan: No, just regular.

Ally: With, oh. Oh, right, but it's gonna be crazy high.

Siobhan: Yeah, plus 10.

Ally: 36.

Brennan: Cool. You both look, and in the center of that… You also see, by the
way, on the mist that orbiting this column are enormous, like 20 and 30-foot
long or wide popsicles and ice cream cones that just are crusted over with
rime and frost, just (whooshing) in this strange spinning mobile of giant ice
creams. (whooshing) Floating around the center column of ice cream scoops. You
both notice that lodged deep in the top of that spire, frozen by the coldness
of the ice cream scoop column is a dark chocolate egg. You see that there is a
stain or smear or sludge of melted ice cream that must have melted, even at
this freezing temperature when the egg was first put there, and then frozen as
it dripped down the side of the freezing column. You see twinkling into
existence in front of you about five feet in height, beautiful purple leaves
in her skirt, two large eyes, two small eyes, six dragonfly wings. That image,
and Amethar, you see this, that image flickers a little bit. And you know that
this is a glamor, not the true form of this being. She appears in front of you
smiling, and holds out two hands, one of which has a mended teacup that has
been fixed, put it back together, and has a peppermint heart seed that you
left in the grotto at Castle Candy. In her other hand, she holds a note.
“Lapin. For Candia.”

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Sweet and wonderful gifts, beautiful.

Brennan: She sets them down on the platform and says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: (sighs heavily) It has been so long, and now you're finally
here. (to Ruby) Thank you for coming to my glade. Thank you for being here.
I'm so sorry that I couldn't bring her back, but now I can bring you to her.

Ruby: What do you mean?

Brennan: In the mist, (whooshes) you see shapes. You see, four women, four
adult women, and a younger adult woman in front of them, and the four women
have their hands on that younger woman's silhouette in the mist. Behind them
you see other shapes, one of them looks like a smaller Candian king, with a
little hint of green, just like your father, Jadain. And you see a brightly-
colored road made of pure illusory light stretching away from the platform
going down into the mist, curving away from that central column. You see the
Sugar-Plum Fairy says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I can take you to a pure place. I can take you where I took
all the hungry spirits that were sweet and syrupy. I can take you down a road
that goes to a land of only candy where all of our magic lives forever and
ever and ever, and all the people that you miss will be there waiting for you.
I've been working so long and so hard. The Bulb… The Church, it's going to
burn everything sweet and syrupy out of the world forever, unless we can bring
it here, and I've been bringing everything here that I can for so, so long.
And now, finally, I get to bring you.

Ruby: Bring me where?

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Down the road, into the mist. She's there.

Amethar: And where are you?

Brennan: She curtsies and says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Right here, I think.

Amethar: I know that's not true.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: You calling me a liar?

Amethar: I am.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: That hurts my feelings. I'm just wearing this shape 'cause
it's nicer, and it'd make you more comfy, I thought.

Saccharina: I'd love to see your true shape.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I bet you would. [to Saccharina] See you got the
Winterscoop. I know why you're here. You're a lot like your aunt. She wanted
to take everything special about Candia and just leave it lying around where
anyone could come and ruin it. And she wanted to put it into spells and put it
into weapons, but if something's special, you don't leave it out where it can
be ruined.

Cumulous: Why is it up to you to choose who gets to have it?

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Because if I don't take it away, then…

Brennan: You see she points to the book in your arms and says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: You could ask the Jolly Giant, or the Hamburger Helper. You
could ask them how well they fared not having a plan of getting away.

Siobhan: I'd like to say to this… I'm just looking at this image of Jet, and
I'd like to say in our special twin language,

Ruby: Are you real?

Liam: Who, me?

Ruby: Shh.

Brennan: ...I'm going to throw a curveball at you, Emily. The figure in the
mist, Ruby's new shadow, knows a lot about the other side of this mist, and
that the Sugar-Plum Fairy is telling the truth, that she has taken all of the
magic that she can gather up and taken it away. What does the shadow in the
mist say… Or, it can't say anything, but what does it do in response to Ruby's
question?

Emily: I can't say anything?

Brennan: Or, you speak in twin speak, right?

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: A faint whisper comes back.

Jet: It's true, but I don't know if it's good.

Liam: Whoa. Did you hear that?

Saccharina: I actually speak wind, so I did hear that. But it was like twin
speak, or something.

Liam: Well, I think this is really nice of you to bring me this teacup. That
means a lot, and I would love to go down there and see what's there.

Theobald: Liam.

Ruby: Liam. Hang on. No.

Saccharina: Theo. Tie a rope to his waist.

Ruby: Here's what I think. Thank you for looking after us, and thank you for
looking after the magic of Candia, but now we need it.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: For what?

Ruby: To protect Candia.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Mm, that's what I'm doing.

Ruby: No.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: You're Candian. If you go into the mist you'll be safe.

Ruby: No. If we go into the mist we'll be dead. Those people are dead.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: ...But safe.

Ruby: No.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Are you mad at me?

Ruby: No.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I've only ever tried to help. I sent my little bunny, Lapin,
and I knew that he would die to protect you, but that you'd lose everything,
and I knew that you wouldn't come here unless you'd lost everything.

Ruby: ...Did you kill my sister?

Sugar-Plum Fairy: ...Would you have come here if she was still alive?

Siobhan: (seething) I fuckin' pull my bow.

Brennan: I'm going to need everybody here to roll initiative. And that's all
for this week on A Crown of Candy. Tune in next week as we see the showdown
between the House of Rocks and the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Siobhan: That bitch.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 14: Encounter in the Ice Cream
Temple](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQNlNALUOtMqFD_HZ-V4VOrcwieJ1sBb92qShapbZAwo-
AiAoCObX6enOkp3tVQcZaLjGwUeigCyV-g/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647650521732&usg=AOvVaw1cdKt1dc_RHo5YRY6VRPM6)]

[NEXT ON DIMENSION 20]

Brennan: We see our Intrepid Heroes poised on the edge of this platform. You
feel the presence of a candy road going to a realm of pure sweet candy dreams
on the other side of the mist.

Ally: I just run straight forward and I jump off the edge.

(whooshing)

Zac: I think we're about to get fucked up.

Murph: Oh, fuck me.

Siobhan: Oh no!

Murph: Just have to not roll a 1, which is-

Brennan: Yeah, you have all of her attention.

Ruby: Please stop hitting her, it's killing me.

Brennan: At the beginning of your turn, you begin to fall.

* * *

Transcribed by Kyber Bonsai and Tillie the Paladin

Edited by Tillie the Paladin, Kyber Bonsai, gluegunshots, kindlestuck, solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxCrENlZ2BBZteqRkrDGL-
GMF4rJTOQVOzn4BDJLJoCSAoGH51WlTZhml3vUfW88CwyglQnrdRqsPtMIZk:0)

Episode 14: Encounter in the Ice Cream Temple

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks; and Emily Axford as Queen Saccharina Frostwhip

Episode 14: Encounter in the Ice Cream Temple

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ5ZWmlSuzjkLFMqyKWw9CwXmz3vmNvnAmA0vNF2emP8Ecx0yYWJ2O6MC6eketPacIZsO-
iH8hCOQTM/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647653641539&usg=AOvVaw1qP9ycSBZil2J6oPuPxGRy)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQdIOR9d_jJVNhnpvxbGNsb8lLaCY82gybZaa600orgwB2xnGTqij5DU4qy23XBeEL9ak8HWXI3wrnl/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647653641989&usg=AOvVaw2Ga32N7LEun-
vYSKpHrLVD)] >

(dramatic adventure music)

Brennan: Hello, one and all! Welcome to another very cool and misty episode of
"A Crown of Candy". I'm your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With
me, as always, are our intrepid heroes. Say, hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Siobhan: Look at this goddamn set. Wild!

Emily: We don't deserve it.

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: It's got cool effects! Look at the mist! We see our intrepid heroes
poised on the edge of this platform. Behind you, the steps lead back down into
the rest of the Temple of Ice Cream, and in front of you, floating over the
mist, are these huge spiraling, levitating ice cream plinths. You see the tall
tower of ice cream in front of you, and a dark, chocolate cinnamon egg on the
top of the tower. You feel the presence of a candy road going to a realm of
pure, sweet, candy dreams on the other side of the mist. Sugar-Plum Fairy,
revealing that, through the long ages of Candia, since the arrival of the
Bulbian Church, she has sought to avoid the fate of the other spirits of the
Sweetening Path, and hide Candia's magic away where no one else could find it.
Beyond Calorum, and it seems, to the Princess Ruby, beyond life itself. The
shadow of Jet has spoken to you softly across whispers. Here, in this strange
place, you draw your bow. When it becomes clear that the Sugar-Plum Fairy,
through the mortal workings that were under her command, had been steering
your family, to what degree, you cannot know, into ruin, so that when you
arrived here, seeking the shadow of your sister, her offer to follow the Sweet
Road into the mist would be as tempting as possible. You draw your bow, and as
you go for your weapon, I assume everyone else goes for their weapons, as
well. The Sugar-Plum Fairy widens her eyes. (sucking in breath) (booming) The
chamber freezes. You feel powerful magic move through time, faster than you
can see the hundreds of faces that this spirit has worn. Dozens of sweet
voices ring out.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: My true form, you wish to see? Let it never be said that a
fairy did not grant wishes.

Siobhan: Ee!

Emily: Oh, shit.

Ally: It's gonna be...

Emily: It's really small. It's really small.

Ally: It's really small.

Brennan brings out a cool, many-winged and many-faced mini on a pole. It is
not small.

All: No!

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Sugar Plum Fairy appears.

Siobhan: So many faces.

Brennan: So many faces, so many wings. The true form of the Sugar Plum Fairy
appears.

Ally: Ah, cool.

Brennan: On a Nat 20 Initiative.

Siobhan: Oh, shit.

Zac: Mm.

Murph: What?

Emily: Well that means nothing. When we roll a Nat 20 Initiative, it doesn't
help.

Brennan: Well, did anyone got higher than a 23?

Zac: I got a 21.

Emily: Okay, she did well.

Brennan gets out a plastic, triangle-shaped measurer for an area of effect.

Ally: Oh, put that down. Oh, put that down.

Siobhan: It's cold.

Lou: At least Jon Bon's safe. No! Jon Bon!

Ally: Jon Bon.

Siobhan: Is Liam safe? No.

Brennan: No, Liam's not safe.

Lou: I don't think anybody's safe.

Brennan: That's everybody.

(tense music)

Zac: Can we move our minis to different spots?

Lou: Yeah.

Ally: Oh, I was actually just about to move my mini, too.

Siobhan: Yeah, I was gonna move mini...

Brennan: Oh, is that so?

Lou: Yeah. I was walking down the path, I was like 100% in.

Siobhan: Yeah, I was actually gonna be right there.

Brennan: Very cool, that's fascinating. I'm gonna need everybody here to make
a Constitution save.

Siobhan: Constitution?

Emily: Counterspell.

Brennan: Counterspell?

Siobhan: Oh, yes please.

Brennan: You're not surprised, that is true. Hold on one moment. Counterspell.

Emily: I believe I have to roll well.

Brennan: If the creature's casting a spell at 3rd level or lower, the spell
fails and has no effect. If it's casting a spell 4th level or higher make an
ability check. Using your spell casting ability, the DC equals 10 plus the
spell's level.

Emily: I would like to use a 5th level Counterspell.

Brennan: Very well. You need to make-

Ally: Oh.

Emily: I still have to make the fucking thing?

Brennan: She's using a higher level spell slot to cast the spell.

Emily: Damn!

Brennan: The DC for this check is going to be 17. Ability check using your
spell- So you're just rolling a flat Charisma check here. You have a plus 5,
you need a 12 or higher. I'm gonna go ahead and say that this is a Box of Doom
roll, for sure.

Siobhan: Yep, all right.

Lou: That sucks.

Siobhan: That's fair.

Ally: 12 or higher. Do you have some hot dice?

Emily: No. Can Ally roll for me?

Brennan: If you want Ally to roll for you...

Ally: What if it's bad?

Emily: Yeah, that's too much pressure to put on you.

Brennan: 12 or higher.

Ally: It would be a nat 1 or a nat 20.

Emily: Ah, missed it!

Brennan: In the Box, it's gotta be in the Box, it's gotta be in the Box.

Ally: It was a 17 on the crystal.

(dramatic music)

Ally: 17 again!

Brennan: 17!

(all yelling)

Saccharina: Suck it, bitch! Suck ice, bitch, I know ice better than you!

Brennan: Okay, so 8d8 damage to every member of your party disappears in a
burst of thunder and ice.

Theobald: I stan an Ice Queen.

Saccharina: You know what? I think I earned this.

Emily: And I finally put the crown on.

Brennan: (screaming in frustration) Ahhhhhhh!

Emily: Oh my God.

Ally: Fuck you, Brennan.

Zac: Why did you want that so bad?

Brennan: I was gonna get all of you! Okay.

Ally: Then the episode would just be over?

Emily: You did take my only 5th level spell slot.

Ally: Wow. That's crazy that you even had that. I didn't know that about you.

Brennan: Whoo.

Lou: I didn't know you could do something like that.

Ally: I didn't know that about you.

Brennan: Well, it looks like the battle has to happen after all.

Siobhan: [unrepentantly] Sorry.

Brennan: [mockingly] Sorry! [lifts a sheet of paper up to read] What else can
you do?

Zac: That was...

Siobhan: Hey, Ally, can you read anything on the back of that card?

Ally: Yeah, I just saw the word...

Brennan: Quiet!

Emily: Wait, did I roll a 17 again? I rolled a 17 in the crags, and then, a 17
here again. [kisses her die]

Ally: Mm-hmm. Hot dice. Hot s'mores dice.

Emily: [to the die] Thank you.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: She's probably just gonna grab that egg and hand it to me, right?

Siobhan: Yeah, that's probably what's gonna happen here.

Brennan: Zooms away, rising up. (roaring breathily) Yeah, Saccharina, you
stretch forward, and snatch that spell out of the air.

Emily: Just for flavor, I know that this isn't actually happening, but I
pretend I'm drinking it in and it's making me stronger.

Brennan: It very much is. That's, you smashed...

Theobald: She drinks the spell. I've never seen anything like it.

Ruby: I hate that it's cool.

Brennan: Cumulous, that's gonna be you.

Zac: Can I just check how far, like, I can- I know I can get to here, we just
talked about this, but I wanna see if I can get-

Murph: Whoa.

Zac: Here, that's probably too far.

Brennan: You can do a 66 foot long jump, which means that 66 divided by 5 is
13? So you can do a 13 inch long jump.

Zac: From there?

Brennan: Yeah, actually, if you have the movement, because this is 10 feet,
which means you have a 10 foot running start. So you could jump to that ice
cream plinth, and then probably to the next one, as well.

Zac: Hmm.

Brennan: What is your high jump? You would certainly have to do a Step of the
Wind to be able to do that.

Zac: Yeah, and then I won't have any attacks left, will I, if I do all that?

Brennan: What's your speed?

Zac: 45.

Brennan: You would have an action left. That would just be your movement and
bonus action.

Zac: Yeah, if I can get here, and then, jump and attack.

Brennan: Let's see if your movement allows it, hold on one second. So you're
doing Step of the Wind, you have the Fluffwind, your Strength is 10, so your
long jump is 60 feet, your high jump is 18 feet off the ground, so the
question is, that is 5, that is 8, so yeah, that's- You can clear that. So
we're just gonna count off- So just go ahead and count off your movement. So
from there to there is 9. Okay, so. Yeah, that's- So 45 to there, and then-

Zac: So basically, I can get here and then I'm done is what it seems like.

Brennan: Yeah, and another- Your speed's 45, right?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: You can just get to there, and have an action.

Zac: But I don't- Yeah, and I can't hit them from there.

Ally: Why, what's your range?

Zac: It's, I have a staff, and they're- I don't know.

Ally: Oh, right, right. You could ready an action.

Zac: Right, I just...

Siobhan: Could you jump again?

Ally: No.

Zac: I think that's it.

Ally: I mean, could you jump to the egg (laughs) if you used your action to
double your movement?

Zac: Not from here. 'Cause that's already doubled.

Ally: Gotcha.

Zac: Can I- I wanna hold my action just to maybe get some help from something
else.

Brennan: Cool. If you hold your action, you're not gonna have- Actually, you
can just delay your turn if you want.

Zac: Hmm. I'm just gonna jump to here.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Just to that other side.

Brennan: Let me double check, you're just gonna jump right here?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, is that 45? It's more than 45 away, so you're gonna have to use
either your movement and your action, or a movement and a bonus action to get
there.

Zac: I'll take a full dash.

Brennan: So you're just gonna take a dash action, great. Yeah, you can do
that.

Emily: That's 45 to here, and then, is it 100 to here?

Siobhan: That's so far away.

Brennan: So you take, so yeah, go ahead and hand me Cumulous.

Zac: Oh, could I do a dash, a full dash, and then a Step of the Wind to get to
there? Sorry. (laughs) This is complicated.

Brennan: For sure. I'm gonna get this guy out again. Okay, so you're working
with, if you do dash, bonus action, and movement, that's 90 plus 45, you have
135 feet of movement, if you use your bonus action, and all you do is run as
fast as you can. So 135, to get from there to there, that's 12, so that's 60.
From there to there is another 60, so that's 120.

Zac: Can I jump to the spire?

Brennan: You could absolutely get to the spire in one round.

Zac: All right, I'll do it.

Emily: Yes!

Ally: Wow.

Siobhan: Sick.

Brennan: Okay, could someone hand me Cumulous?

Ally: [passing Cumulous’ mini to Brennan] It's so fluffy.

Emily: It's so delicate.

Brennan: Incredible, thank you. Take a little piece of blue tack. [sticks a
little tack to the mini] I love when a character is able to do the thing we
all want that character to be able to do.

Emily: I know!

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: Okay, you end your movement right here, resting on your staff, and
see- And you can feel the cold wrapping around this egg because of the deep
heat at the center of it, trying to freeze this egg. That is your turn.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: At the end of your turn.

Murph: Yikes.

Zac: Yeah, I thought something like this would happen. I just wanted to get
over there.

Ally: I mean, I'm amazed, 'cause there's no way I'll even be able, I mean,
maybe I could get to the first Popsicle, and then nothing.

Emily: I bet they'll move around, though.

Ally: That would be sick.

Siobhan: Yeah, I have kind of an idea, but it's real shenanigansy.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Ally: You Mage Hand the egg over and we leave?

Siobhan: Yes. I think- I think that my Mage Hand's-

Emily: Your Mage Hand can withstand the heat of a dragon. It can't be more
than five pounds, right?

Siobhan: Eh, yeah, no, that seems pretty light. I think that we need to melt
the egg.

(Ally whistling)

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Okay...

Zac: She's got like legendary actions and stuff?

Brennan: That she do. At the end of your turn, she's gonna take a legendary
action.

Ally: Fuck!

Ruby: Don't come after my distant cousin.

(cast laughs)

Brennan: She hits you with a Ray of Frost for 14, 22, 27 points of damage.

Zac: Do I have any- Do I make any saves on that or anything?

Brennan: She makes a spell attack roll, and she hit your armor class.

Zac: I'm sorry, how much again?

Ally: 27.

Brennan: 27\. (spell whooshing) Blasts you with frost.

Zac: It's a lot.

Brennan: I'm going to need a Constitution saving throw from Cumulous.

Zac: Okay. Oh, I don't have- Yeah. Motherfucker. I, oh, 9.

Ally: Can you get advantage from the egg?

Siobhan: Yeah, that's a great question.

Brennan gives them a pointed look while rolling a large number of dice.

Ally: Can you get advantage from the egg?

Lou: I said, can he get advantage from the egg!

Ally: For the last time, Brennan, I hear you rolling all those dice.

Siobhan: Stop rolling those dice and answer our question.

Ally: The egg, can it give him advantage?

Brennan: 32, 44.

Zac: Cumulous is down.

Brennan: 54.

Murph: Jesus.

Emily: What?

Brennan: The Sugar Plum Fairy calls out to the Temple itself, and as you land,
at the end of your fastest sprinting movement, an enormous 20-foot icicle
falls from the ceiling, and impales you for 52 points of damage.

Zac: That's a Con save, not a Dex save?

Brennan: That is a Constitution save.

Zac: So, he's down.

Brennan: I'm going to need you to- I'm going to need you to roll to see which
direction you fall.

Emily: No!

Brennan: So we're gonna say this. We're gonna roll a 1d6.

(tense music)

Brennan: A 1 or a 6 means you fall straight down on the spot where you are. A
5 means you fall in towards the egg, 2, 3, 4 are the bad ones. You don't want
2, 3, or 4. And actually, we're gonna do Box of Doom for this.

Ally: Goddamn it. This game sucks!

Murph: Let's play Scrabble.

Ally: Let's play some, let's play some...

Emily: Bring back Scrabble.

Lou: Season 6 of Dimension Scrabble is-

Ally: It's just us playing Catan.

Lou: — just us playing Sorry! and that's as aggressive as it gets.

Brennan: So you want a 1, a 5, or a 6.

Ally: Let's get a 5.

Brennan: That's a 5.

Ally: Yeah!

Emily: What's that mean? Where does that mean you're going to fall?

Ally: Oh, fuck yeah.

Murph: He just, he doesn't fall. Oh, that’s the best one.

Ally: He falls towards the egg, he falls inside. Yeah, you're like, protected.

Zac groans and puts his face in his hands.

Saccharina: Cumulous!

Ally: Yo, that sucked.

Saccharina: I'm coming to you.

Zac: That sucks.

Brennan: Cool. Cumulous, you are going to just collapse. So you sprint, and
whoom! You guys watch Cumulous is just the whole side of his body, (ice
shattering) as he tumbles, unconscious, into the chamber of the egg. That is
going to be Liam.

Ally: Great. I take out my crossbow, and I take a shot on this.

Brennan: Awesome. The fairy has already acted, so you don't get Assassinate.

Ally: Yeah, right.

Brennan: So I guess you're just attacking from hiding, is that right?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay. Let's see the, what's the range on your crossbow?

Ally: 400 max.

Brennan: Short range is 100.

Ally: Mm-hmm. Oh, I can't do long range?

Brennan: So you're gonna actually roll with disadvantage.

Ally: If it's long range?

Brennan: Yeah, you're past your short range. You can still hit, but you're
gonna roll disadvantage.

Ally: Okay, so if I already had advantage, then that just cancels it out.

Brennan: It cancels out.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Which means that you won't get Sneak Attack on this one, but you
will, also, you've taken another level in Ranger. This is your greater favored
enemy. This is Celestial.

Ally: Oh, no way!

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Ally: Oh, cool, so then that is...

Brennan: So you'll be dealing plus 6, or yeah, however much-

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, so go ahead, you're rolling with neither advantage nor
disadvantage.

Ally: Oh, and I get three attacks, right?

Brennan: Yeah, so just, oh, yeah, you can roll all three attacks.

Ally: I'll just roll all three?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: (whistling) That's a 13, a 16 and a 21.

Brennan: A 13, a 16, and a 21.

Siobhan: With your- Did you do math?

Ally: Oh, wait, sorry, I'm sorry. A 14, a 17 and a 22.

Brennan: A 14, a 17 and a 22.

Ally: Let me see if Greater Favored Enemy added anything to that?

Brennan: One of those hits.

Murph: Okay, so 22.

Zac: Is Hunter's Mark a bonus action?

Murph: So we saw, when Cumulous went down, it looked like the- Did it look
like she commanded something or did it look just like part of the lair fell on
him?

Brennan: It looked like part of the lair fell on him.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Oh, so that wasn't even her doing. We're just in an unsafe environment.

Brennan: She commands this, you're in an unstable space. But yes, absolutely.

Ally: So no Sneak Attack, right?

Brennan: No Sneak Attack.

Ally: Yep. Hey, that is 11 plus 8, 19.

Brennan: 19 damage, hell yeah.

Ally: And then I use my bonus action to cast Hunter's Mark.

Murph: Oh, great.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Are you within range? What's the range on it?

Ally: Oh, that's 90 feet, I guess not. Okay.

Brennan: Oh, sorry, hold on. You may not even hit.

Ally: Really?

Brennan: (sigh) Hold on one second.

Ally: I'm gonna need another Red Bull in here. (laughs)

Brennan: Your aim is true, and as your arrow hits, there is a flutter of masks
and wings, and some of her illusion disappears. It did not strike true.

Emily: Oh, she's got Mirror Image.

Murph: Mirror Image.

Ally: Oh my gosh, wait, Brennan.

Brennan: Yes.

Ally: She gave me a teacup, she had a teacup that had the thing that made
Preston fly in it, right?

Brennan: You left a Peppermint Heart seed at her altar, yeah.

Ally: Is that near me right now?

Brennan: She gave it to you, and gave the note...

Ally: That made Preston fly, right?

Brennan: Yeah, it did.

Ally: I eat that. I eat that weird nut. Does it do anything?

Emily: Liam has indigestion.

Ally: I eat a Sambuca lozenge and then...

Theobald: Liam, did you just pop a mint?

Brennan: I will- You are completely able to eat this nut right now. It may not
make you fly.

Ally: Interesting, but that doesn't sound like it won't, you're not saying it
won't make me fly.

Brennan: I didn't say it won't make you fly.

Ally: I just run straight forward and I jump off the edge.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second. You took your attacks.

Murph: Towards a Popsicle, right?

Brennan: You took your attacks.

Ally: Yeah, I did.

Brennan: You did your damage.

Ally: This is all movement, honey.

Brennan: This is all movement.

Ally: No, nevermind, I'll save this for next round.

Brennan: Hold on just one second, gang.

Lou: Hot, so hot.

Siobhan: Liam farts his way to the angel.

Zac: He farts and then he just dies.

Ally: I fart a seed out.

Lou: We just hear like a soft pit like poots and toots as you slowly descend.

Ally: As I slowly die in front of everybody.

Brennan: So Liam, yes, you've taken your actions. Are you taking a movement or
a bonus action?

Ally: Just the movement it takes to put that seed in my mouth.

Brennan: Dope, great.

Ally: Can I jump up, can I test it out with my movement?

Murph: Just like do a little pop...

Ally: Can I just do a little jump and see if I pop a little bit further and
higher?

Brennan: Okay, you pop this seed in your mouth.

Ally: The magic seed.

Brennan: You eat the magic seed that made Preston fly. We're gonna do this, so
you've already done that. No takebacks. We're gonna roll in the Box of Doom.
On a Nat 20, you get to tell me what spell you just cast. On anything else,
we're gonna roll on the Wild Magic Surge Table.

Ally: Okay.

Emily: Wait, Wild Magic Surge Table has flying stuff on it.

Murph: Yeah, it does.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: On a 20, you get your wish. On anything else, you roll Wild Magic.

Murph: Guaranteed Nat 20, guaranteed.

(dramatic music)

Ally: 10, no, fucker!

Murph: Fuck!

Emily: It's okay, the Wild Magic Surge still has a lot of good things.

Siobhan: I think it's mostly good things. Also...

Lou: Your energy when you said that, literally...

Ally: Was like a 20?

Lou: It was like this weird, like I couldn't breathe for a second.

Ally: Ugh, God.

Siobhan: You could just turn blue or into a potted plant.

Ally: Here's the 20. [rolls again]

Murph: 20, 14.

Ally: Interesting.

Lou: Maybe we talked a little bit too much-

Ally: We really talked up my rolling game.

Brennan: Okay, real, real quick here.

Emily: We should stop talking about it so it doesn't feel shy.

Lou: Just let it happen.

Emily: And it'll come back. Yeah.

Lou: It's there. It's shy right now.

Emily: Honestly, Ally? You're like a pretty mediocre roller.

Ally: Yeah, that's true.

Zac: Hey, prove us wrong.

Ally: Yeah, maybe one day, I don't know.

Lou: Honestly you should- So when it comes to rolling again, it's just like,
you were weak.

Emily: What if you just grow feathers, what is it, featherbearding?

Brennan: Every-

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan: Creature within 30 feet of you vanishes, becomes invisible.

Siobhan: What, yes!

(all yelling)

Emily: That means we all have advantage!

Brennan: You pop the seed, you're like, “I wanna fly”, but deep in your heart,
you don't wanna fly.

Ally: No.

Brennan: You want to move unseen through the world, and strike back at people.
So everyone within 30 feet of you is invisible. We're gonna see how many-

Emily: Is it Invisibility or Greater Invisibility?

Brennan: It's just invisibility.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: So once we attack, we pop out.

Siobhan: Oh, right, yes.

Emily: Greater Invisibility-

Ally: It's including me, right?

Brennan: That's everybody, even Saccharina.

Murph: Wow.

Siobhan: Crazy.

Zac: Uhh. Must be nice-

Emily: Oh, I'm double invisible now.

Ally: You're dead and we all just got free invisibility?

Brennan: Cool, Liam, okay, so Liam, any movement that turn or no?

Ally: Just to be like (dances), just do like an end zone dance.

Brennan: Great. Incredible.

Theobald: We can't see you, but I hear you shuffling, Liam.

Ally: It's just heavy breathing.

Saccharina: Are you doing an end zone dance?

Liam: Yeah, exactly.

Brennan: Okay.

Saccharina: Me too!

Brennan: Great, great, great. The end of that…

Ally continues to roll dice.

Murph: Are you trying to get a Nat 20?

Ally: Yeah. (laughs) I just have to know that I can do it.

Emily: No, no, no, and now it's shy.

Ally: Oh, yeah, you're right.

Lou: The luck got shy.

Siobhan rolls a die in the fashion that Ally usually does (very quickly and
with their entire arm).

Ally: Was it a 20?

Siobhan: But I am throwing like Ally for this, this battle. [rolls again] I
did roll a Nat 20!

Zac: Guys-

Lou: It's moved.

Zac: Guys!

Brennan: That's going to be Ruby.

Siobhan: Ooh! Hmm, all right. How far away is she from me?

Brennan: Very far. She's probably a little bit more than 100 feet away.

Siobhan: Like less than 120, though, right?

Brennan: Let's find out. 120 would be 2 feet, right?

Zac: 2 feet?

Brennan: She's within 2 feet. She's within 120.

Siobhan: Great. Then, I think I would like to cast Chill Touch on her, which
is an attack roll from me, but we have advantage, right, because we're
invisible? Or does that not count for the spells?

Brennan: Unfortunately, it seems that your invisibility...

Siobhan: Oh, right, I would lose my invisibility if I fucking do anything.

Brennan: Correct.

Siobhan: Shit. But there's nothing I can do if I can't attack.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: 11?

Brennan: Yeah, you can't- You're pretty invisible, and there's this fucking
thing.

Siobhan: Shit. I already have my Mage Hand cast, 'cause we used it for the
thing?

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: The traps? What's the length of my Mage Hand?

Brennan: What are you intending to do with it? Just because that might...

Siobhan: I wanna tie a rope around the Orange Creamsicle.

Brennan: [mysteriously] Hmm, that's fun.

Lou scoffs at Brennan.

Siobhan: Mistake? It's pretty fun, I think.

Lou: Who is this guy?

Ally: Who is this guy?

Siobhan: Seems pretty fun.

Emily: That sounds threatening.

Lou: [sarcastic] Yeah, ooh, yeah, fun idea.

Emily: That sounds fun.

Ally: I wanna play a game.

Murph: He's fucking sick.

Ally: [like Bane] I was born in the darkness.

Brennan: [to the camera, tapping his forehead] Sick in the head.

Ally: Great.

Emily: It does seem like Brennan is having the most fun so far.

Brennan: [laughs] The range is 30 feet on Mage Hand.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: You can move, get closer, although...

Siobhan: Hmm.

Brennan: [mildly] Actually, you'd be within 30 feet if you jumped off the
edge.

Siobhan: Would I be able to be-

Zac: You’re sick.

(Brennan laughs)

Siobhan: Close enough to 30 feet of it to be able to tie a knot with the Mage
Hand?

Brennan: You have a Mage Hand that can pick locks. You certainly have a Mage
Hand that can tie the end of a rope.

(tense music)

Brennan: (grinning) The question is if you wanna take the risk of jumping off
the edge and tying it-

Lou: His tone!

Zac: Can you jump...

Siobhan: I mean...

Murph: You can jump and Misty Step, right?

Siobhan: I- Yeah, but if I cast Misty Step, I'll become uninvisible but I do
have Feather Fall if I fuck up.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: And I could use...

Emily: You don't know what is in the mysterious fog.

Murph: True.

Siobhan: And I can use Yak to give me advantage.

Murph: Cool.

Siobhan: So I'm gonna fucking try it.

Brennan: Cool. You take a leap off the edge. We're gonna call it just a DC15
Sleight of Hand check to tie a knot capable of holding you up.

Siobhan: I got... That's great. Ooh, I do it! I have plus 13 to Sleight of
Hand. I rolled a 2 and a 4.

Lou: [fanning himself] Jesus, that's a 2 and a 4. Oh my God.

Ally: Really?

Lou: It was the scariest\- I don't know the math.

Ally: What do you have added to Sleight of Hand?

Siobhan: I have plus 13 in Sleight of Hand.

Lou: Jesus.

Ally: Wow.

Emily: As a former rogue I was like, “yeah, she can get it”.

Brennan: Incredible acrobatics.

Zac: I'm so stressed out.

Ally: You're dead.

Emily: I know.

Brennan: Okay, Ruby, you sail, hurl the rope. You guys just see Ruby begin to
fall into the mist.

Siobhan: You guys don't see fucking anything.

Brennan: Oh, that's right, you're invisible.

Siobhan: Nobody sees nothing.

Brennan: So just, yeah, you begin to swing, you tie the rope so that means
that...

Siobhan: That's 50 feet of rope.

Brennan: Yeah, incredible.

Siobhan: So what I wanna try and do is use all of my circus skills to
basically swing from there up to that cone there right there.

Brennan: Okay, the most you can go is your movement still.

Siobhan: Yes, but that is, that's just my five year plan.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes, absolutely.

Lou: Good to have.

Brennan: So we're gonna, so you can go, and you have 35, right?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: So you can go 70, this...

Siobhan: Well, I can go, plus I have a dash. Oh, no, I used my bonus action to
do the- Yeah, so I can do 70.

Brennan: 70 from here. Okay. You... (sighing) Okay, okay, okay, this is all
good. Everything here's good.

Siobhan: Seems pretty good to me.

Brennan: Seems pretty good.

Siobhan: Seems pretty fun. I'm having a good time.

Brennan: Pretty fun. Could you hand me Ruby? Cool. Ruby invisibly...

Emily: So this is within 50 feet of this? [pointing to two ice cream platforms
in the mist]

Siobhan: It's 60 feet, but I can...

Ally: 60 feet...

Siobhan: Maybe jump that last 10 feet, also.

Brennan: You invisibly sail, snag the end of that Popsicle, which you can feel
kind of moves under your weight, but stays horizontal, and (whistles) swing
like a trapeze artist, invisibly through the mist, and you can hear the
distant cheers of a group of women screaming soft and distant cheering and
applauding behind you.

Siobhan: I cry.

Brennan: Amazing. Cool, that's your turn. At the end of your turn...

Zac: She might just be able to see invisible people?

Siobhan: She couldn't- She couldn't see Saccharina. She said, “I can't see
you, but I can sense you”.

Brennan: But I believe Saccharina had cast Greater Invisibility, right?

Emily: No, regular Invisibility.

Brennan: [pauses] Then I may have made a mistake.

Emily: Oh.

Ally: Interesting.

Emily: Okay, so she can see invisibility.

Siobhan: All right, well, nevertheless—

Murph: She wasn't in her final form.

Siobhan: I feel pretty cool right now, and I don't know that. So...

Emily: Celebrate the victories.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm having a good, fun time.

Lou: Right now, we're winning, dude. I mean, no…

Brennan measures something on the board.

Siobhan: Shit.

Ally: Oh, yeah, we're winning.

Lou: I take it back, I take it back. Oh, why'd I say that?

Ally: Why’d you say it?

Brennan rolls a handful of dice.

Siobhan: No, no, no, no, that's too many dice.

Lou snickers.

Brennan: You take 15 points of cold damage.

Siobhan: Is that a...

Zac: Uncanny Dodge?

Siobhan: Can I Uncanny Dodge that?

Brennan: You absolutely can.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: But there's also probably the fucking...

Siobhan: So back down to 7?

Zac: Icicles.

Murph: They are somewhere, yeah.

Brennan: You see, she holds out her hand. Ice blasts toward you, as she
screams,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I just want to take you somewhere where you will be safe.

Ruby: No.

Brennan: Faces just switch, switch, switch.

Theobald: Don't shoot her while she's swinging. That's circus rules 101. It's
not safe at all. It's the opposite of safe.

Brennan: Amethar, that's you.

Amethar: Though I can't see you, Saccharina, do you need help jumping?

Saccharina: [smilingly] No, thank you, though.

Amethar: Great.

Lou: I take two steps... I just walk toward the edge of the platform, and
then, just,

Amethar: Hey, I could tell why you don't use this form, cause you're ugly as
hell!

Lou: And then, I'm just gonna throw a javelin.

Ruby: Dad, that's not very feminist of you.

Amethar: I don't think she's a woman.

Ruby: Dad!

Saccharina: Honestly, I turned my back on you, I didn't like you, but now
you're back in my good graces.

Amethar: We got a lot of work to do.

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna see what the max range for a javelin is. It might not
be able to reach where she's at.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: The max range- Oh, the max range is 120.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Oh, yeah, you got it, we've measured that.

Brennan: We've measured that? Yeah, she's within 2 feet. Okay, then you're
rolling with disadvantage.

Lou: Great, that's fine.

Murph: That's fine, guaranteed hit. We got this right now, do it.

Lou: That's a plus, yeah, that's plus 9. So 19?

Ally: Hey.

Brennan: 19 does not hit.

Murph: Fuck.

Siobhan: Fuck.

(air whooshing)

Zac: Interesting.

Brennan: Disappears.

Amethar: You're so ugly my javelin is avoiding you! [quietly to Ruby] Again, I
don't think this is unfeminist. I don't think she's a woman.

Liam: Is this your standup?

Saccharina: I don't, I don't think it either.

Theobald: Are you roasting her?

Amethar: I don't want her to hit other people.

Theobald: Oh, I get it. We're in a freezer, so we need to roast her.

Amethar: Yeah, let's cook her!

Theobald: [unconvincingly] I think your wings look ridiculous.

Brennan: Okay, you do actually- No, I'm sorry, it does not hurt her, but some
more of her illusion vanishes. You (whooshing) and strip...

Emily: Mirror Image.

Brennan: Strip some more of her illusion away.

Emily: Fuck! She shouldn’t be-

Brennan: That is your action. You can attack twice with javelins.

Amethar: Oh, let's go again.

Saccharina: (laughs) Roast her!

Lou: It's gonna be just 10 this time. Or excuse me, 12.

Brennan: Okay. Cool, great. That is gonna- That's Amethar's turn. Any more
movement from you, or no?

Lou: I guess, she's not doing piercing or bludgeoning damage. So I'll save the
ray for now.

Brennan: Cool. At the end of Amethar's turn-

(dramatic music)

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: 14 cold damage to Ruby from the Sugar Plum Fairy.

Siobhan: Fuck, and I can't- I already Uncanny Dodged.

Brennan: You already used your reaction, yeah.

Siobhan: Well. (air whooshing) Shit.

Brennan: As her outstretched hand keeps just pumping cold into your body,
that's Amethar, Theo, that's you.

Murph: Oh, boy, this is a bad situation. (clicking tongue) I can't really get
close to her, kinda no matter what I do. I-

Brennan: Give me an Arcana check, if you'd like, or you can give me an Insight
check.

Murph: Okay. Oh, sweet. 22.

Brennan: The magic of this temple is a hoard of treasure, and much like a
dragon, the Sugar Plum Fairy sits atop it, but she is not it, and forces
beyond her can move the plinths of this place and as you look at them, you
remember an afternoon tea many years ago, the first time that the Archmage
Lazuli asked you to sit with her, and give your thoughts about arcane texts
that she had read, and you remember something she said in that moment about
magic and its nature. She said,

Lazuli: The world in all of its splendor and mystery is moved by the thoughts
and will of its children.

Brennan: You think that these things are moving based on magical forces here,
and you think that magical people might be able to affect them.

Murph: Sweet. I relay that to the gang.

Lou: Okay.

Murph: And then, oh boy, what am I gonna try here? Can I- I might wait and
see, (humming) I might hold my turn until after Saccharina, 'cause I have a
feeling she'll do some crazy shit, and that'll change the battlefield. So I'm
going to stay put and hold my turn, if that's okay.

Brennan: Okay. So you're just gonna delay your turn?

Murph: I'm just gonna delay my turn.

Brennan: Okay, you delay. Saccharina, that's you. Your goons actually go
before you, but they're delaying to see if you want help actions from them, or
if you have any commands for them.

Murph: [to Emily] I am also a goon.

Emily: I do. Well, first, what I need to know is, how far is it from here to
here?

Brennan: I think it's 120.

Zac: It's around 120.

Emily: It's 120, and would that be the same from here to here?

Brennan: Go ahead and let's measure. Cool. So from there to here is about 20
inches, which means it's about 100 feet.

Emily: (laughs) Okay, what I would like to do, is for Gooey to bring Theo over
here. And then, I'm gonna run over here and jump my Strength and then cast
Thunder Step to bring me and Theo- Oh, wait, we couldn't both occupy this
space?

Brennan: I would just need Acrobatics checks from you guys.

Murph: Oh God.

Emily: Oh, we're both, we're both in heavy armor, that's not gonna happen.
Then...

Murph: We might be able to move our thing if you wanna just get us to a pop.

Emily: That's what I was gonna do, that's the other option. Okay, so I'm still
gonna use Gooey to bring Theo closer. Actually, oh, wait, I don't even need
Gooey to do that. So if I'm here, then, oh, but I wanna get away from
everyone.

Brennan: Remember that Theo's also held his turn to act.

Emily: Oh, right!

Murph: Do you want me to just...

Emily: Okay. I'm going to just get away from everyone, so that when I Thunder
Step, no one gets hurt by the thunder damage.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: And then, tell Theo to come with me, and then, we're gonna Thunder Step
onto here.

Murph: Sweet, I'll use my movement to run over to Saccharina.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: And I'm gonna go ahead and make that a- I'm gonna go ahead, so yeah, so
we Thunder Step.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: And I'm gonna go ahead and use Quicken Spell to make that a bonus
action so I still have an action.

Brennan: Great.

Emily: And what I'm gonna do is, I'm gonna take the spoon, and I'm gonna scoop
as if I'm paddling this as a canoe toward that.

Murph’s jaw drops, and he laughs wheezingly.

Brennan: All I need from you- You have the Winter Scoop. I just need a DC10
Wisdom check with advantage.

Murph: Whoa.

Emily: Okay, okay. Wow.

Murph: [whispers] The power of magic.

Emily: I got it!

Brennan: Incredible, so you use Sorcery, bonus action, Thunder Step, you and
Theo are both there. How many- You used about 4 things of movement? You have
your action left, so you're using your action to...

Emily: Do I need to use a whole action to do that?

Brennan: 'Cause if you want to move even farther, you have to use movement to
do it, so yes, in this case, your action is paddling the thing. You can move
30 feet in any direction, except up or down. So it remains at that height, but
you can move 30 feet anywhere you want.

Emily: Yeah, we'll move 30 feet forward.

Zac: Will that carry Ruby, too?

Emily: Yeah, I think...

Siobhan: That might fuck me up.

Brennan: It actually will just move your upswing closer to the tower.

Siobhan: Okay, then great.

Ally: Oh, you guys, these are in ascending order height.

[Brennan makes whooshing noises]

Emily: Yeah, look at that.

Murph: Mm.

Brennan: You shoot here, Ruby, you're over here now. And then we're gonna put
Yak back where Yak was, because Yak was flying.

Emily: Oh, you probably still have a whole action.

Murph: I do.

Emily: 'Cause all you did was take like two steps.

Brennan: Yeah, you moved, yeah, you see- You just plunged the Winter Scoop
into the mist, and whoom! Like a huge long board, this swirling Popsicle
underneath you surges forward and you mis...

Saccharina: I'm a sailor, but I'm also a paddleboarder.

Zac: Did they go?

Emily: Oh, yeah, and then I'll tell them to jump on, 'cause they can jump
here, right?

Brennan: Yeah, they absolutely can.

Emily: I tell them to jump onto that.

Brennan: Awesome, you guys wanna move Gooey, Swifty and Jon Bon.

Siobhan: Look at Swifty's little hat!

Brennan: They all are gonna try...

Emily: Look at my motley crew.

Brennan: A plus 1, none of them make the Wisdom check to move the thing. You
see, Swifty's like,

Swifty: I don't know how she does it, it's crazy to me.

Brennan: Gooey's like,

Gooey: Help me paddle this thing!

Brennan: And Jon Bon just goes,

Jon Bon: Ohm.

Brennan: And tries to do it that way.

Emily: I just assume that they're doing a really good job and making things
happen, 'cause they're gesticulating a lot, so I feel very proud.

Brennan: Incredible. Okay.

Murph: I guess I'll go now.

Brennan: Cool, yeah, go for it.

Murph: I wanna yell down to Ruby,

Theobald: Ruby, you cool down there? You want me to pull you up?

Ruby: I'm fine, thank you.

Theobald: Alright.

Murph: Can I- I guess, okay, do I want to try to pull one of those things
closer to me? Is that gonna be helpful?

Zac: Do you have to be on the plinth?

Siobhan: I think you have to be on the plinth to move it.

Murph: Got it.

Ally: We don't know.

Zac: We don't know.

Lou: We don't know.

Ally: You could do a roll.

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: Oh, we can roll.

Murph: But what...

Emily: Oh, I do wanna make sure I shout to them to orient it so it's here.

Brennan: Okay, gotcha.

Murph: How far is she from me right now?

Brennan: Right now, she is 60 feet away from you.

Murph: I am going- You know what? Maybe I'll try to use-

Theobald: Are you cool to go closer to her?

Saccharina: To go closer to her?

Theobald: Right?

Saccharina: Yeah, why not?

Theobald: Why not, right?

Murph: I'm gonna start moving it towards this, if I can.

Brennan: If you do that, you will send Ruby crashing into the tower
underneath.

Murph: Oh, okay. I don't wanna do that. Well, well, well, well. Right on,
right on, cool, cool, cool. Very good stuff. I'm gonna cast Protection from
Evil and Good on my queen.

Theobald: My queen.

Ally: [like Theo] My queen.

Saccharina: Oh, thank you.

Ally: My queen.

Brennan: Who's got Concentration spells active right now?

Siobhan: Ooh.

Murph: I do now.

Emily: I don't.

Siobhan: Not me.

Brennan: I think it's, yeah, it's just a little protection from our boy
Theobald.

Murph: Okay, so that's that. I'm trying to think if- Oh, you know what? Nah,
you know what? I'll wait and do that. Okay. That, I think, is my turn. I'm
just gonna sit and wait.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: So just Protection from Evil and Good on Saccharina.

Emily: Yes! Ooh, it sounds so bad.

Brennan gets out his area of effect measuring triangle again.

Zac: I think we're about to get fucked up.

Murph: Oh, fuck me.

Siobhan: Oh no! Have you used your reaction?

Brennan: Okay. Comes here, and from here, that's gonna hit all of you. I'm
going to need Constitution saving throws from Saccharina, Theobald and Ruby.

Siobhan: Why is this not a Dex save?

Emily: Would Protection from Good and Evil mean I have advantage on that
Constitution saving throw?

Brennan: It would mean you have advantage on that, yes.

Ally: Nice.

Emily: I don't know though, maybe I should just-

Murph: You could, it's...

Zac: Is it a new turn for you?

Emily: Oh, yeah, I still have- I have a new reaction. I'm gonna Counterspell.

Brennan: Okay. Your counterspell- What level's your counterspell at?

Murph: I don't know if I'd waste a higher level...

Emily: Yeah, I'm not gonna.

Murph: For the roll.

Emily: Okay, I'll do a- I'm not gonna get it. Oh, well, I have to try. I'll do
a 3rd level.

Brennan: And she's casting this as a 5th level, which means that it's- You're
just trying to hit a DC15, so once again- Oh, no, it's still plus 5, so a 10
or higher.

Ally: You got this.

Murph: Yes!

Emily: Yeah!

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: [incredulously] 19?

Ally: 19?

Theobald: My queen.

(Emily laughing)

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan rubs his face with both hands.

Emily: Once again, I suck it in. [slurping]

Ruby: How does that taste?

Saccharina: Minty. (laughs)

Brennan is shaking his head.

Zac: Why do you want it to happen?

Brennan: Every turn she, (yelling in angry gibberish). I'm over here, I got a
bad guy, and I can't do nothing. Once again, she goes to unleash the fury of
the frozen temple on you, and nothing. Incredible.

Emily: I mean, we also haven't hit her yet, so.

Brennan: That's right. This is- Yeah, she is going to go ahead and remain
right there where she is. That is going to be a death saving throw from
Cumulous.

Zac: No, I'm gonna use this one. 2.

Brennan: That's a failure.

Siobhan: [whispering] Fuck.

Brennan: At the end of Cumulous' turn, she is going to attack Theobald, that's
a hit. Theobald, you take...

Murph: Is it cold damage?

Brennan: It is cold damage.

Murph: I'm gonna cast Absorb Elements.

Emily: Yeah, baby.

Murph: And it's a reaction, so I'm gonna take half of this.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: And then I'll do more cold damage on my next turn.

Brennan: Incredible. 8 plus 7 is 15, halved to 7. (glass shattering) You put
up an arcane ward against this celestial fae entity. I'm gonna need a
Concentration check.

Murph: Okay. So that's a Con saving throw?

Brennan: Con save. DC10.

Murph: Okay man, I just have to not roll a 1, which is...

Siobhan: Stop cursing yourself.

Murph: I know. I rolled a 3.

Brennan: You maintain concentration.

(Emily clapping)

Lou: It's not a 1.

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Constitution saving throw from Theobald as well.

Murph: Shit.

Siobhan: Shit.

Brennan: Oh, sorry, no, no, I don't. I'm wrong.

Murph: Okay, good.

Brennan: She is going to- Who all is within what kind of range of her right
now? Oh, Ruby. You see she looks down at you in the mist, and goes, (gasping)
and she is in your mind. And she says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: You came to me in the glade. Wherever you go, I go.

Brennan: And you feel a scream from Jet off in the mist, and you feel a
connection as though this thing was stitching its shadow to you with magic.
That is going to be...

Ally: You put your head against this.

Brennan: That's gonna be Liam.

Emily: She borrowed Jet's body for this…

Siobhan: I’m gonna get this bitch.

Ally: Okay, I am going to try to move a cone that I'm not on.

Brennan: As a free action, that will not work. You don't have to roll
anything. You can tell that you need to be making contact with it to affect
it.

Ally: Okay. Cool, cool, cool. Then I'm going to take two shots with
disadvantage on her again, like long range.

Brennan: Awesome, go for it.

Zac: Can you...

Siobhan: Yeah, why don't you jump on this guy and then go across?

Ally: Well, I can't jump from that to that.

Siobhan: No, but you can move this one.

Ally: But that just needs to end up right there anyway. What we need to do is
start stacking them if we wanna climb up.

Murph: I think we're...

Siobhan: We're already in that process. If you can get to this one, you can
attack her more easily.

Ally: Interesting.

Siobhan: I'm almost there.

Ally: And then I wouldn't need to use disadvantage.

Murph: The rest of us are all up there. If you wanna wait for Amethar, you
guys can both jump on the Popsicle.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Eh, no, I'll just jump on the Popsicle, I guess.

Brennan: Okay, give me your movement. So that's gonna be 30, right?

Murph: Hey Brennan, Brennan—

Zac: But if you move it, he'll be stuck back there. That's the only thing.

Ally: I'm not gonna move it. I'll just jump on.

Murph: But if you just chill on the Popsicle, that'll...

Brennan: Okay, so you probably need to take a bonus action dash to get to- You
don't need to roll to jump to it. It's within your jumping distance, but you
are gonna need to use a bonus, you can't get there in one movement, so you
have to use your movement...

Ally: Oh, okay, even though it's not- Difficult terrain doesn't affect me?

Brennan: No, you're all groovy. It's just more than 30 feet away.

Ally: Okay, I'll use a bonus action, then, to get there.

Brennan: Cool. So you have your action back. Someone pass Liam over here? And
then, I think, actually, you might not be at disadvantage.

Ally: Yeah, yeah, I'm in 100, right?

Brennan: 100, yeah, let's see.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Brennan: Oh, yeah, you're, she's firmly within range now, so you can- You jump
to the thing and start firing without disadvantage.

Ally: So then, does that give me advantage again?

Brennan: No, 'cause you're not hiding, there's no place to hide out here.

Siobhan: Did you bring that measuring tape from home?

Brennan: No. Rick Perry and the fantastic production team here at Dimension 20
gave us tape measures, because this battle ain't got no ground, and we don't
got dots. Cool. Go ahead and give me those attacks.

Ally: Am I 90 feet from- I already used my bonus action. Ay, yi, yi, I'm so
sorry.

Brennan: It's okay.

Ally: All right. Honey.

Siobhan: You can use the rest of it as movement, just use your action as
movement.

Murph: But then Amethar would get left behind.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: Oh, yeah, you're right. But you can hold it, hold your action to move
when Amethar gets on.

Ally: Oh, true. Interesting.

Siobhan: And get Amethar closer?

Ally: I'll just attack. I mean, that's, that's my freaking thing.

Brennan: Cool, for it.

Ally: I'm gonna use...

Murph: Yeah, we gotta hit her eventually.

Siobhan: Yeah, you're right.

Ally: First attack, I'm just gonna do crossbow.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: So. It's 15.

Brennan: To hit? 15 does not hit.

Zac: You don't add anything to that? Oh.

Ally: Okay, second one, I'm gonna try to cast Ice Knife. Is that a roll?

Brennan: Sorry, one second. Oh, 15 to hit gets rid of her last Mirror Image.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Oh, hell, yeah, great. Oh, her last Mirror Image? Awesome.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Okay, now, I'm gonna cast Ice Knife in a...

Brennan: You can't cast, that's an action, and you just took an attack with
your...

Ally: Oh, oh, okay.

Brennan: So you just take your second attack.

Ally: Interesting. So what was one of these other ones? I should've…

Brennan: If you've already taken a regular attack with your crossbow, the only
thing you can do is attack a second time.

Ally: Oh, yeah, I was trying to think of Hail of Thorns. Is that another
casting?

Brennan: The only thing you can do is attack a second time, because those
spells are different from the attack action. You only get two crossbow shots,
if you're just taking the attack action.

Ally: Oh, okay, cool, cool.

Murph: Fuck!

Ally: Nat 1.

Brennan: Those crossbow bolts fly out across the misty expanse.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check to see if she's afraid of anything?

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: [ashamed] It's a 12.

Brennan: 12? She's mad at you. You think she's...

Liam: Everyone's mad at me!

Brennan: You think she's mad at you.

Lou: Remember when that was Liam's thing? Back when he had a pig and he was
nice?

Liam: I don't think she likes me very much.

Brennan: That's going to be- The Sugar Plum Fairy's going to fire, and misses
Saccharina.

Emily: Thanks to the Protection...

Brennan: Thanks to the Protection from Good and Evil.

Saccharina: I didn't even Counterspell that one. [waves]

Sugar-Plum Fairy screams.

Brennan: Just like faces twirling.

Saccharina: I just wanna make sure you knew, I didn't Counterspell that.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: What is wrong with you? You're so charming, but I'm not into
it.

Saccharina: I get that a lot.

Brennan: (laughs) You see that she, yeah, she fucking misses. You're
surrounded by arcane energy.

Ally: You have like a healing spell, right?

Brennan: That's gonna be Ruby.

Emily: Yeah, I'm trying to get to Cumulous.

Siobhan: Me?

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: Do I have enough swing on this rope left to get up to where Cumulous
is?

Brennan: You're still swinging on it, yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: Then I'll do that.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Nice.

Saccharina: Oh, sweet, do you have cure stuff?

Ruby: I don't, but I can at least do stuff with the egg.

Brennan: With one movement, you make it to Cumulous.

Siobhan: Great. Okay. I'd like to Investigate the egg, please.

Brennan: Give me an Investigation check.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Can you get a help from your hawk?

Siobhan: Or Insight, can I do an Insight check?

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: Great. 18.

Brennan: This egg- The outside is cold, but even as you touch it, you can
sense a deep rumbling warmth from within. And you see Cumulous' body collapse
over the top of it.

Siobhan: Okay. I wanna make sure, first of all, that I'm in this little alcove
that the egg is in, so that if something falls on top of me-

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Murph: You don't go down.

Siobhan: I don't go down.

Brennan: Okay, you're gonna, your movement ended right at the lip, so you'll
have to take a bonus action to move further inside.

Siobhan: That's fine, I have...

Brennan: Cunning Action?

Siobhan: Cunning Action.

Brennan: Cool. You are all the way in there.

Siobhan: I'd like to- So I'd like to tie the end of the rope to Cumulous.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: And I'd like to push him over the edge.

Zac presses his fingers to his temple with an offended look.

Siobhan: 'Cause he, tied to the other end of the rope is Creamsicle-

Zac: Excuse me?

Siobhan: So they can grab Cumulous.

Murph: Oh.

Emily: Oh, I was gonna get to him anyways.

Siobhan: Yeah, yeah, but this will be...

Emily: Okay.

Siobhan: I think this is easier. Then you focus on- You can stay where you
are, focus on what you're doing.

Brennan: All right, so I'm gonna need a Sleight of Hand check from you.

Siobhan: Great. 32.

Brennan: Great. You wrap a- You use your action to tie a rope around Cumulous'
midsection...

Theobald: Careful, he already has rope burn!

Brennan: And you hoist his unconscious body out into the mist.

Zac, with a dead sort of look on his face, mimics falling with a whoosh.

Murph: Just stops so hard. (grunting)

Brennan: Where is Yak flying, by the way?

Siobhan: [sadly] Oh. Um...

Murph: [laughs] You fucking monster.

Siobhan: Can I actually...

Brennan: [calmly, but definitely threateningly] Where's your little bird?

Siobhan: Yeah, can I send Yak down into the mist?

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: He can give Cumulous the help action on his next saving throw.

Siobhan: Yeah, I guess, I'll send Yak to help Cumulous deep in the mist.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and make a Medicine check for, uh, [flatly] your bird.
DC15, he gets a minus 1, 16 or higher.

Siobhan: Well, he does not make that.

Brennan: The bird does not help Cumulous' medical condition.

Ally: Oh, well, you can't give Cumulous the help action on his saving throw?

Brennan: I didn't let you give it to Jet when she was dying. I'm not gonna let
the bird give it to Cumulous.

Ally: [laughing] Interesting, very interesting.

Murph: Okay!

Brennan: Seems weird, seems fucked up.

Siobhan: I agree to disagree.

Murph: Seems weird that a bird can't do CPR, but okay.

Brennan: Trying to just gauge the logic here.

Siobhan: Are you telling me a bird can't save a man's life?

Murph: Was trying to figure this out, but...

Brennan: Incredible. You push Cumulous out.

Siobhan: Is that everything...

Brennan: That's all your actions.

Ally: [to Zac] I can't wait to rewatch your face when that was first pitched.
“I tie a rope around Cumulous, and I shove him out of the cove”. “What?”

Siobhan: I'm trying to get you to our one healer.

Zac: Sure, sure, sure.

Brennan: I don't- Does- Absorb Elements only works once, correct?

Murph: It is for the rest of my turn.

Brennan: Oh, shit.

Murph: The rest of the round.

Brennan: Okay, she blasts you again with 10, with 22 points of cold damage.

Murph: So 11.

Brennan: Halved to 11.

Murph: Sweet.

Ally: Wow, what a stock.

(Murph laughing)

Brennan: Okay. That's going to be Amethar.

Lou: Great, can I jump onto the last little piece of this?

Brennan: Absolutely, go ahead and jump on board.

Lou: Great, and then, yeah, can I slam Payday into it, and attempt to wish it-
Will it forward?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Wisdom check.

Lou: Great. That's 11?

Brennan: What did I say before, DC10?

Murph: 10.

Brennan: Yeah, you jam Payment Day into the ice cream. Go ahead and move it
the rest of your movement.

Murph: Hell yeah, dude.

Lou: Great. How much, so what...

Brennan: You took like 15 and your movement's 40, so another 25 feet of
movement. Go ahead and move it that far.

Lou: Great, so just...

Ally: Maybe towards the Creamsicle?

Lou: Great.

Ally: Instead of towards the...

Brennan: Oh, this way?

Ally: Big scary frost cone?

Brennan: Yeah, I'm gonna circle you guys around, so you're.

(Siobhan singing)

Amethar: This is dumb as hell.

Lou: And then, can I even still- I can still use my attack?

Brennan: That's your movement, yeah, so you can use your attack.

Lou: Can I dash- Nah, I mean, yeah, two javelins.

Brennan: Go for it. Now no longer with disadvantage.

Lou: Great.

Murph: Sweet.

Lou: 20?

Brennan: 20 does not- Or 20 does not hit.

Murph: Shit.

Lou: 20 does not hit, what a wild time. What about 23?

Brennan: 23 hits.

Lou: Okay. Yeah. That'll be 8.

Brennan: 8 points of damage?

Lou: Mm-hm.

Brennan: Ruby, you take 4 points of damage. Sorry, make a Constitution Saving
throw.

(tense music)

Emily: Wait, what did you just attack again?

Siobhan: I got an 11.

Brennan: You take 4 points of damage.

Siobhan: Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: You cannot Uncanny Dodge this.

Siobhan: All right.

(tense music)

Siobhan: That's fine.

Brennan: You feel the pain of the Sugar-Plum Fairy, and a wound where your
father just hit her with a javelin opens up in your body.

Ally: What the fuck?

Ruby: If you hit her, it hurts me.

Amethar: What? Oh come on!

Ruby: It's okay, you didn't hit her very well, Dad.

Amethar: Okay, rude.

Ruby: I hope you're okay with that razzing.

Amethar: Hey, that was pretty good, guys.

Saccharina: Maybe it's just killing a part of you, though.

Ruby: Mm, a part of me that hurts me and gives me damage.

Saccharina: Nah, I'm just spitballing.

(Ally and Siobhan laugh)

Ruby: Alright.

Liam: Eh, it's a part of you you didn't need, what, a gash in your leg?
Nonsense.

Brennan: Okay. That is going to now, do you wanna- So your second attack?

Lou: I used both, one was 20, one was 23.

Brennan: Yes, that's right. Theo, that's gonna be you.

Murph: I'm gonna hold my turn until after Saccharina.

Liam: (whip sound)

Brennan: Saccharina, that's gonna be you.

Emily: Here is what I'd like to do.

Theobald: Easy, Liam.

Ally: I get so sassy.

Emily: So I'd to move it 30 more feet towards here.

Brennan: Okay. This one, or, yeah, you right here?

Emily: Yeah, this one.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I don't know how far...

Brennan: 30 feet is, yeah. There you go, great.

Emily: So now, what is the distance from here to this ledge?

Brennan: From there to that ledge?

Ally: [holding a striped measuring stick] Let me tell you. (laughs)

Brennan: It's about 20 feet.

Ally: It's about 20 feet. (laughs)

Emily: About 20 feet.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Emily: Great. I'm going to cast Healing Word, which gives me 10 feet of
flight, and then, with my Strength, use my flight and my jump to be 23 feet.

Brennan: Fuck yeah.

Emily: And then, I'm gonna cast Healing Word on you, I'm gonna do a 4th level.

Ally: Ayyyy!

Zac: Oh, fuck.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: So you pop up like deep down, he's like down here...

Emily: And I still have an action, because that was, Healing Word is a bonus
action.

Zac: How much do I get healed?

Emily: Let me just do- Roll for that.

Murph: You need d4s?

Emily: Let's see, yeah. Okay. Okay, I'm going to use, yeah, actually, that's
pretty good. I'll leave that as is. Okay, I give you 8, 11, 12 plus- 21!

Zac: 21?

Ally: Oof! Hell, yeah.

Emily: And then, I still have an action, so I'd like to-

Ally: Crack that egg open.

Emily: How close am I- I'm within 60 feet, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: I would like to Create Bonfire around the egg.

Brennan: [impressed] Holy shit. Cantrip?

Emily: Cantrip. [wiggling her fingers] I don't even have to use...

Brennan: [yells in frustration, fists clenched] Alright.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: ([ighs deeply] Okay.

Ruby: I was gonna do it, you don't have to s- (sighs)

Saccharina: Sorry-

Ruby: You’re doing it already!

Liam: So for your turn, you shoved our friend off the cliff.

Ruby: I was trying to make- She's the only one-

Liam: And then...

Ruby: That can heal him. I could've done the fire.

Saccharina: Oh, I did heal him.

Liam: Thank God she's our queen.

Saccharina: I just- I guess I assumed that you had more of a bone to pick with
the Sugar-Plum Fairy...

Liam: Are we learning right now that you're part evil?

Cumulous: Why am I down here? Hello?

Ruby: I'm taking the locket back from you, Liam.

Liam: Hey, no, please, I'm just sassy tonight.

Ruby: Stop siding with her.

Ally: Liam had a Red Bull.

Brennan: Okay, you cast Create Bon- this is a concentration spell. You cast...

Emily: Okay, so, did I have any, oh, no, I have no concentration spells.

Brennan: You cast Create Bonfire as a Cantrip. This egg has a fire damage
threshold of 12. I believe the damage you do with this is 2d8, correct?

Emily: Mm-hmm.

(Ally whistling)

Brennan: We're gonna get out the Box...

Zac: Create Bonfire does 2d8?

Emily: Mm-hmm.

Zac: I just assumed it was like not damage.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: No, cantrips get fucking dope. So on 2d8, you need to roll a 12 or
higher.

(tense music)

Ally: Oh fuck.

Emily has to lean really far over the table to reach the Box of Doom, and
Brennan does not move it any closer to her.

Lou: Brennan's not doing you any favors right now.

Emily: I know, he really isn't.

(tense music)

Brennan: 6 and...

Emily: I will reroll- Oh, wait, what is it?

Brennan: That's 6 and 7, that's 13.

Emily: Yes! I made it in, I made it, yay!

Ally: Yes!

[Emily sighs deeply]

Brennan: Oh my God.

Emily: I was ready to fucking, Empowered Spellcasting.

Brennan: Saccharina, you land on the ledge. You see Cumulous swing away, Ruby
tucked ninja-like into the upper corner.

Emily: But now Cumulous comes back to life as he is swinging.

Cumulous: Hello?

Theobald: It wasn't me with the rope this time.

Cumulous: What happened?

Theobald: You have some more rope burn.

Ruby: It was a good idea.

Cumulous: My stomach hurts.

Ally: Cumulous has six cracked ribs.

Theobald: We keep yanking on him, we need to stop.

(tense music)

Brennan: You (fire crackling) call forth fire and flame. (flame whooshing) The
bright red light screams like profanity in this place of cold.

(dramatic music)

Brennan: The egg (hissing) and hot cocoa steam singes your face and Ruby's, as
well. The smell of cinnamon fills the air. You hear (snarling) (cute high-
pitched screeching).

Saccharina: I finally have a family.

Zac: Oh. (laughs sadly)

Brennan: Emily, this is for you. [hands her a tiny red dragon mini]

[Emily yells in happiness]

Ally: What?

Saccharina: I have a family.

Zac: What is that?

Emily: I mean, I immediately put one of those little dog vests on him.

Zac: A thunder jacket?

(hopeful music)

Brennan: The shards of the egg fall, as a bright, I mean, hot cherry, the
brightest red you've ever seen, with the interims of his scales- Like where
the scales end, you see powerful little chocolate flesh underneath, chocolate
skin in between, Hot Tamale cinnamon hard candy wings.

Emily: He's a little Mexican hot chocolate.

Brennan: He's like a little Mexican hot chocolate. You see, as the egg cracks,
you- The tiny little Dracoria Azucar, (high-pitched screeching) leaps up and
immediately, you can see the cold is hurting it, and it leaps into your arms,
up against you.

Emily: (hugging the dragon) I summon all the warmth I can possibly summon.

Brennan: The fire wraps around you, and you see it goes, (snorting) (coughing)
and some sparks and a little bit of smoke comes out of its mouth. Could you
kindly roll Initiative?

Emily: [high-pitched] For my baby?

Brennan: For your baby.

Ally: Oh my God. Is this the thing I had the dream about?

Brennan: Yes.

Ally: Cool.

Emily: Okay. Oh, I don't even know what to add to it, 14.

Brennan: 14, great. Lovely.

Saccharina: I have a family.

Ally: Fun!

Brennan: Okay, Saccharina, what a fucking turn.

Ally: That was wild.

Brennan: The Sugar-Plum Fairy looks at you, looks at the dragon, and says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: That [face switches] is [face switches] mine. [face switches
many times]

Saccharina: Not anymore.

Brennan: You- (laughs)

Saccharina: I don't know what you named him, but I'll probably come up with
something different.

Brennan: You see she just screams with 20 faces, circling around her head.

Ally: She back with Mirror Image?

Brennan: Even without the Mirror Images, she still is a multi-headed thing, a
multi-faced thing. That's Saccharina, Theo, were you delaying your turn?

Murph: Yes.

Brennan: Yes, okay.

Murph: Okay, so now, I got Cumulous hanging down here.

Theobald: I'm going on a trip.

Cumulous: What?

Murph: I would like to move the pop closer to her, so I can get into melee
range.

Brennan: Did that already move this round?

Murph: Yes?

Brennan: I think...

Emily: Yes, it did.

Brennan: They can only move, you can't have like eight people on one, and
shoot across the thing. So it's already made its move.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Can you Misty Step here, and on your way, attack her?

Murph: That would be nuts. I don't think, I think that's more than 30 feet.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Murph: I could probably get up there, oh boy. I guess I have, I have throwing
axes, I can just chuck some axes.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: They have all that cold damage now.

Murph: What's that?

Siobhan: You have the cold damage from...

Murph: I do have cold damage. She probably, she'll love it.

Siobhan: She might love it.

Emily: Do you think if you got to the end of that stick, you could jump, that
would 30 feet, and you could Misty Step?

Murph: I don't think it's worth it just to do one attack. I think I should be
near you guys, and that way, I can- Okay. So I've got Concentration still
going on Protection from Evil and Good. I'm gonna go ahead, and I'll just
throw two hand axes.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it.

Murph: I'll have Princess help me.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: The first one, ooh, that's a Nat 1. Good thing I have help, not that it
did any good. That's a 13, that's not gonna do anything. Second attack. Come
on! That's a fucking 17?

Brennan: 17 does not hit.

Murph: Cool turn.

Brennan: (laughs) Any movement that turn or no?

Murph: No, I'll chill on the Popsicle.

Brennan: Cool. That's you. That's already moved on this turn. Saccharina's
goons are gonna make some attacks. Oh my god! Give me a Constitution save.

Siobhan: Me?

Brennan: Ruby, yeah.

Siobhan: Goddamn it. A Nat 1.

(whooshing)

Brennan: You take 8 points of damage.

Ruby: Please stop hitting her, it's killing me.

Brennan: You see Jon Bon hurls a throwing ax, and hits the Sugar-Plum Fairy
with it.

Siobhan: I'm at 24.

Brennan: Back to the top of the order.

(dramatic music)

Zac: Oh, fuck.

Emily: So if this is hurting Ruby, do we just have peace now?

Zac: I don't know. It seems like, is it a Concentration spell?

Murph: It seems like something we could stop.

Lou: Possibly so.

Zac: Can you, does anyone have Dispel?

Emily: To...

Siobhan: Maybe you can Counterspell me, I don't know.

Emily: But, oh, you think it's a spell, oh.

Brennan: I'm gonna need Constitution saving throws from Amethar and Liam.

Emily: I don't think you can Counterspell a spell that's already in effect.

Zac: Can you Dispel Magic?

Emily: No, I don't have Dispel Magic.

(tense music)

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: What did you guys get?

Lou: 25.

Ally: 25 minus 24.

Brennan: You got Nat 1? Whoo, okay. So that's going to be...

Ally: Get outta here. [exiles the nat 1 die by picking it up with a measuring
stick and throwing it away]

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: [the die they threw lands] Nat 2.

Brennan: Okay. 8, 14, 18, 30, 41.

Emily: Have we done any magical damage to the Sugar-Plum Fairy?

Brennan: Amethar, you take 20 points of cold damage. Liam, you take 41 points
of...

Murph: Okay.

Zac: You don't have any resistance to cold?

Ally: I don't think so.

Brennan: You take 41 points...

Ally: Oh, I have, they're my Greater Favored Enemy, so...

Brennan: So that means you would roll advantage on the saving throw.

Ally: Yeah, cool.

Brennan: So you can roll again to see if you get a different...

(Ally whistling)

Ally: Oh, yeah, that's 18.

Brennan: 18 does not do it. You still take 41.

Siobhan: 41? Jesus.

Brennan: Swifty and Gooey look on death's door.

Murph: Shit.

Brennan: Jon Bon's looking okay.

Emily: Oh, no.

Brennan: That is the Sugar-Plum Fairy's turn. Cumulous, that's you, my man.

Murph: Popsicle can move again, right? This is top of the order?

Zac: I think so.

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Zac: Do we wanna move it? Yeah. Can I delay my action to move?

Brennan: You can delay your turn initiative if you want.

Murph: Cool.

Zac: Just because it feels like we'll want everyone...

Murph: Be on the same page, if they wanna, although all of us being in the
same spot, we all just keep getting...

Siobhan: We could also get to this thing.

Emily: We need to get outta here.

Murph: You wanna just peace, we can do that.

Emily: I just, I mean, I don't know what you guys think. I'm not sure if
Ruby's getting hurt because she's made a connection with the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check on the necklace?

Brennan: Sure, which one?

Zac: The one that Ruby's wearing.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: 17.

Brennan: To you, it seems like the connection to Ruby is about to fade, that
it is not a permanent thing.

Emily: Oh, okay, cool.

Murph: Okay, so it's just for a certain amount of rounds or something.

Emily: Yeah, so then I guess we should stay and kill this bitch.

Brennan: What's the call?

Zac: Can I get to the Sugar Plum-Fairy this turn?

Brennan: Almost certain, I don't, I think this terrain, to Cumulous, is
regular terrain.

Zac: I just, I wanna see if I can, is there a wall here?

Brennan: Open, wide open.

Zac: Okay. Just a game mechanics question. If I miss, will I have another turn
before I hit the ground?

Brennan: Theoretically, yes.

Zac: Okay. Yeah, Cumulous is gonna run and jump and try to grapple.

(Brennan sighing)

Murph: Brave fool.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: I love it when your breath parts the fog.

Brennan: Okay. So movement wise, you're gonna have to burn- You're gonna have
to bonus action to get over there.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: 'Cause it's more than 45. But your jump is definitely gonna be okay
to do that.

Zac: And leave that thing there, just so y'all can, yeah.

Brennan: Okay. You definitely make it to her. This is gonna be Box of Doom,
because if you can't grapple, you will fall.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: Come on, Cumulous.

Brennan: I will...

Zac: I have, it's not the end of the world if I miss.

Brennan: You can also use attacks as grapple checks, so you will have two
opportunities to try to hold on.

Zac: Okay. Should I roll in that now?

Brennan: You're gonna roll in this one, I'll tell you what you have to beat.
You have to beat a 14.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: 17.

Ally: Hey!

Brennan: You leap and latch onto the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: The connection to Ruby has not yet faded, but will soon fade.

Zac: I can't delay the rest of my attack?

Brennan: Unfortunately, no.

Zac: (sighing) How...

Siobhan: I mean, I'm at 24. I'm, I can take a little bit more damage.

Zac: And you take half of what, it seems like. I will, and so, I would roll
another attack? So that counts as one of my attacks?

Brennan: It's one of your attacks. You get another attack now.

Zac: The grapple? Okay. So 27 to hit, and then, I will roll, d8 plus 6. I did
8 damage, and I'm doing a Stunning Strike.

Brennan: Okay, awesome.

Emily: Ooh.

Brennan: Here you are, grappling onto the Sugar-Plum Fairy. Your Mage Slayer
instincts just come into effect. This is the kinda thing you were trained to
be able to fight. So stun, DC for you is 15. That's a Constitution saving
throw. (exciting adventure music) She rolls a Natural- I won't tell you what
she rolls naturally, she gets a 14, and burns a legendary resistance to-

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: To come out of stunned.

Zac: And then, I'm going to Flurry.

Brennan: You've used your bonus to Step of the Wind there.

Zac: Ah, okay.

Brennan: But you are latched onto her, and you have all of her fucking
attention.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: Oh. Oh, no.

Brennan: Yeah, you have all of her attention. I'm going to need...

Zac: Is she attacking me?

Brennan: She's attacking you.

Zac: I'm gonna use my reaction to, Mage Slayer reaction to attack her.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Oh, shit, is that true? She's not casting a spell.

Zac: So if it's not a spell then no.

Brennan: It's not a spell. She is going to attack you.

(tense music)

Brennan: Hits on a 20. Cumulous you take… 8 points of cold damage.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And I'm gonna need a Constitution saving throw.

(tense music)

Zac: Okay. Is it- Okay, but I don't have advantage. Did not get it.

Brennan: She (hissing) sticks a frozen hand into your stomach and you go
paralyzed.

Siobhan: Jesus!

Zac: Still grappling her?

Brennan: Not still grappling her anymore.

(tense adventure music)

Brennan: You grab her, and (hissing) her hand goes into you, you are
paralyzed. That is, at the beginning of your turn, you begin to fall.

Emily: How many people can you cast Feather Fall on?

Siobhan: It's only a 60 foot range...

Emily: But how many people?

Siobhan: It's 5 people. 5 falling creatures within range. They have to be
falling.

Emily: If you trust me, if you hold a reaction, we may be able to help him.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Okay. That- I'm gonna need a Constitution saving throw from Amethar.

Siobhan: Fuck!

(tense music)

Lou: Boom, 25 again.

Brennan: Amethar, you take… 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 53 halved to 26 points of cold
damage, as an icicle comes and scores across your back.

Lou: Ooh.

(Brennan whooshing)

(ice crackling)

Brennan: That's going to be Liam.

Ally: With her grappling and stuff, would that give me advantage on an attack?
Although the grappling just ended, but was that quick enough where she would
kind of...

Zac: I'm within five feet of her, does that matter?

Brennan: You're paralyzed.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: Mm.

Siobhan: That doesn't, that means that you don't get advantage? You don't get
a Sneak Attack? He's still within five feet.

Brennan: I would, I'll allow a Sneak Attack.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: I'll say the grapple- I'll allow a Sneak Attack.

Ally: Awesome. Can I do a Perception to see how long this tie to Ruby will
last?

Brennan: You feel the tie to Ruby has ended.

Ally: All right. Yeah, that's a 24.

Brennan: Are you attacking with advantage right now?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: How are you getting advantage?

Ally: Sneak Attack?

Brennan: Nope. Sneak Attack does not automatically grant advantage.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: Him being within 5 feet means that you get sneak attack 'cause an
ally's within five feet. You also- Advantage is the thing that gives you Sneak
Attack. Sneak Attack is not the thing that gives you advantage.

Ally: Oh, okay, okay. What about a creature that is surprised?

Brennan: We are way, a million miles away from the first round of combat, and
she wasn't surprised to begin with.

Ally: Oh, it's only first round.

Brennan: Only first round.

Ally: I thought those were two separate things.

Brennan: Nope.

Ally: Oh, okay.

Brennan: So wait, what was the other roll? So those are your two attacks.

Ally: 4.

Brennan: 4, cool. So one was a 4, and what was the other one?

Ally: Oh, no, sorry, one was a 15, and then one was a 20-something.

Zac: 24.

Brennan: Oh, 24 hits. Go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Murph: (sighing) All right.

Ally: Let's see here. Hey.

Murph: You got Sneak Attack, too.

Zac: Oh! I have advantage on spell saves within five feet of me.

Brennan: Wasn't a spell.

Zac: Oh.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: Alright.

Ally: Okay. That is 8 plus 13. 21.

Brennan: 21 points of damage? How much damage did you roll?

Ally: I did Sneak Attack-

Brennan: Hell yeah. She screams in pain.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Ah!

Brennan: As the peppermint bolt pierces her side.

Zac: Can we move that platform? (laughs)

Ally: Yeah, where should...

Siobhan: Underneath Cumulous?

Ally: Under you?

Siobhan: Can you get there?

Brennan: You could, that's within 30 feet, I believe. Go ahead- But you have
to give me a Wisdom, a DC10 Wisdom check.

Ally: Should I move it towards Cumulous, or did you have a big plan?

Murph: They're all magical.

Emily: That, I mean, there's no reason not to, I don't think, although then
you would be getting everyone closer to her.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: But then they could maybe attack her.

Emily: Yeah, yeah.

Murph: Why not? That was…

The die spins for a very long time before settling.

Ally: Wow.

Murph: Dramatic.

Brennan: It's truly like a Beyblade.

Ally: That was dramatic. 16.

(Ally laughs)

(Brennan whooshing as he moves the popsicle)

Brennan: And you come right underneath Cumulous.

Emily: So wait, is Cumulous gonna fall in it?

Brennan: He's gonna fall and hit the ice cream.

Emily: Sweet!

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You like pilot it up like a boat through the mist, as Cumulous begins
to fall.

Siobhan: But if you can get me over there anyway, that would also be useful
for me.

Emily: I look forward to you asking me that on your turn.

Ruby: We may be sisters, but we're not friends.

Saccharina: Look, I'm not an idiot. I know you were trying to take the dragon.

Ruby: I was trying to wake the dragon, so that we could win. And also, you
don't own the dragon!

Saccharina: I will absolutely help you.

Brennan: Liam, you take 25 points of cold damage.

Ally: Great. No saving throw? Oh, I get advantage against celestials.

Brennan: She is hitting you with a spell attack.

Ally: Oh, okay.

Brennan: 25 to you. What is Liam at right now?

Ally: 9.

Brennan: That is going to be Ruby.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: Again, I look at her and I say,

Saccharina: If you trust me, I can help you on my turn, get closer. I don't
know if you have advantage, or, I don't know if you're out of range. But you
also don't have to trust me.

Ruby: Can you get me to here? [pointing to the next ice cream platform]

Saccharina: I can get you to there.

Ruby: Okay.

Saccharina: Okay.

Ruby: Okay.

Brennan: Are you delaying your action?

Siobhan: I am going to delay my action.

Theobald: I see everyone's really getting along!

Ruby: It's not about you.

Theobald: I didn't say it was.

Ruby: Just implying, making it about, inserting yourself.

Brennan: Okay. Your sweet, little baby dragon nuzzles into your body, and
doesn't— it was just born. And let's go ahead, I'm gonna actually need that to
put on the board. I am gonna need that to put on the board.

Emily is hesitant to pass the mini over, looking concerned.

Brennan: Give me the child.

Emily: A mom needs some time with her child before...

Brennan: [threateningly] Give me the child.

Emily: We go back to work.

Ally: We have to circumcise your dragon. He'll be right back.

Zac: We just have to.

Brennan: We just, we just have to.

Siobhan: Unfortunately.

Emily: He actually was born circumcised.

Siobhan: Wow, that's gross.

Emily: Cinnamon!

Zac: Like a seedless watermelon.

(group laughing)

Brennan: He doesn't know what's going on, so he's gonna use his turn just to
give you the help action, he doesn't know how he's helping you, he's just,
that's the most he can figure out how to do.

Emily: [cry-laughing] No one has ever given me a help action before.

Brennan: Amethar, that's going to be you.

Lou: All right, I know I can't like move it. Would you allow me to spin the
Popsicle, so I can stand on this edge next to her?

Brennan: Yeah. Give me an Acrobatics check.

Murph: Oh, God.

Brennan: We're just gonna call it a DC10.

Lou: It's not a saving throw, right? Yeah, it's not.

Brennan: No.

Lou: You were very clear.

Brennan: Very clear.

Lou: DC10?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: 14.

Brennan: You do not lose your balance and fall into the mist. You swivel here,
I'm trying to think how you're gonna do this. Because you have to catch
Cumulous, too.

Lou: Mm.

Brennan: So I think you're gonna like, yeah, I think if you put it right here,
you're gonna have to be the one to like catch Cumulous, as you run on the
stick.

Lou: Great, so can I go into a rage, and use one thing to grapple Cumulous,
and the other to attack her?

Brennan: Yes. Make your first attack, you're just trying to hit Cumulous with
this.

Lou: I'm just trying to catch Cumulous.

Brennan: Just trying to catch Cumulous.

Lou: Athletics, so?

Brennan: Athletics, yep, that's gonna be Strength.

Lou: Great, advantage. 13 plus 9.

Brennan: You snatch Cumulous out of the air, and you can put...

Lou: Great. I'll toss him, can I toss him?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely, in the same motion? Yes, absolutely.

Lou: Yes. And then, sadly, Cumulous and her take 3 fire damage from the rage.

Brennan: Mm-hmm, okay.

Lou: And then, I'll swing on her.

Brennan: Amazing. She does not take 3 fire damage. She takes 6 fire damage.

Lou: Hot damn!

Emily: Yeah! I thought she might be.

Zac: Ooh! Good to know.

Siobhan: Good to know.

Lou: And I will do a reckless attack.

Brennan: Whoo, very cool.

Lou: Great. That's 7 plus 11, 18?

Brennan: 18 does not hit.

Lou: Great, I'm gonna Action Surge.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: We'll attack again.

Brennan: Keep going reckless?

Lou: Yeah, we'll stay reckless. 16 plu 11. 27.

Brennan: 27 hits.

Lou: So we'll go 4d6. (Ally whistling) Reroll this 2.

Brennan: So you had 4d6?

Lou: It's 2d6 for the damage, and then, plus 2d6 for Payment?

Brennan: Oh, Payment Day is just plus 1d6.

Lou: My apologies.

Brennan: No worries.

Lou: I'll reroll just one. Oh, what is that?

Zac: 2.

Lou: 2, I'll reroll that, sorry. Great, so 11 plus 3, 14 plus 9. 14 plus 9-

Brennan: Is 23.

Lou: 23?

Brennan: Oh my God.

Lou: And then, second attack, and I'll add- I'll add, ah, I won't add
anything. I can't trip this person, I'm assuming.

Brennan: No.

Lou: Great. 17 plus-

Brennan: That's gonna hit.

Lou: Great. And 3d6 again. Okay, and 12 plus 9. You know...

Brennan: 21.

Lou: 21.

Brennan: The Sugar-Plum Fairy goes from looking above it all to visibly
injured in two strokes of Payment Day, Amethar's sword, [mimics an attack
shout] Amethar of the House of Rocks, crown-less and wielding Payment Day.

Amethar: Oh, thank god, I was real tired of throwing javelins.

Brennan: (laughs) Incredible. That is Amethar's turn. Theo, that's gonna be
you.

Murph: Sweet. Y'all got your own thing going on, I think. I'm gonna try to
move this Popsicle, as close as I can, over to the mix.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Get in the mix over here.

Brennan: Give me a Wisdom check.

Emily: Can you Action Surge?

Murph: Can I- I can. Oh boy. That's a bad one, that's only, you know what?
I'll use Sprinkle.

Brennan: Sure, or Princess.

Murph: Princess. Okay, great, that's 15.

Brennan: Okay, great. You can move this up to 30 feet.

Murph: Okay, how far does that get me?

Brennan: That's 30 feet right there.

Murph: Okay. Okay.

Zac: Could you take a dash, and then Action Surge?

Murph: Yeah-

Brennan: So that's your movement.

Murph: Right on.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Murph: So then, I am going to- Is it 30 feet to this thing?

Emily: Oh, we got a Misty Step, baby!

Brennan: Yep, exactly.

Murph: I'm gonna Misty Step up there.

Brennan: Ooh, hoo!

Emily: Oh, shit.

Murph: If I use a handaxe, I can't do Green Flame Blade, right?

Brennan: If you use a handaxe, can you use Green Flame Blade?

Murph: It does say, it says a melee weapon.

Brennan: Yeah, so you can't use a handaxe, no.

Murph: Right on, okay. Wait, no, I already bonus actioned, fuck, nevermind.
Wait, okay.

Brennan: Movement and bonus, you have an action.

Murph: I have a shenanigan and that I would like to ask you.

Brennan: Only because you used the singular of shenanigan, then...

Murph: Just a single shenanigan.

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: So as a bonus action, I can call back my sword.

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Just like anywhere, if it falls, it doesn't matter. Could I Green Flame
Blade, toss it, and just lose it for the turn?

Brennan: ...Yeah, yes, if you want to. Yes, you can.

Murph: Cool. I'm gonna cast Green Flame Blade, and I'm gonna toss Battlepop at
the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Brennan: Go ahead, I will let you do this goofy thing, but I am gonna— [sighs]
Yeah, go for it. Go and make your attack.

Murph: Come on.

Lou: Come on.

Murph: Oh, ooh, it's only an 18.

Brennan: 18 does not hit, sadly.

Murph: Right on.

Brennan: Sword flies off.

Murph: Okay. Do I wanna Action Surge right now? I think I'm gonna chill.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Murph: I'm staying put.

Brennan: You stay put, that is Theo's turn. Saccharina, that's you.

Emily: Okay.

Saccharina: So, do you wanna go for a ride?

Ruby: Yeah, can you get me...

Saccharina: To the tip of that pop? Oh, do you wanna go to that?

Ruby: I think I wanna be down here.

Saccharina: I was gonna try and put you here. [points to the edge of a
popsicle that’s further from the Sugar-Plum fairy] You'd rather be here?
[points to the close pop]

Ruby: I think I'd rather be here.

Murph: If we're all so close, we're...

Zac: We're all gonna get fucked.

Saccharina: Yeah, that's why I think here, we're spread out a bit.

Ruby: Well, but I, I wanna be able to do a melee attack on her.

Murph: Okay.

Ruby: So you can send me to that, but I'll just Misty Step over to her.

Saccharina: Sure, okay.

Emily: So, well, first off, can Cinnamon Thunder Step with me and Ruby, or is
that too many people? Cinnamon is the dragon.

Brennan: Cinnamon is the dragon?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Beautiful.

Saccharina: [cutesy] Hi, baby. Do you wanna go for a ride?

Brennan: Well, Cinnamon, is gonna take a help, so Cinnamon still has movement.
You have to pick one, it has to Cinnamon or Ruby.

Emily: Okay, yeah.

Siobhan: You send Cinnamon flying...

Murph: Yeah, Cinnamon could probably just fly in there.

Emily: Yeah, I just, I'm just figuring it out. My next question is, do I get
the sense that, if I cast a spell on myself, that Cinnamon will also get it?

Brennan: You have, you sense that you could, if you wish, develop a spell to
create that connection (Emily laughs) between you and Cinnamon but that it
does not exist—

Emily: Does not exist right now.

Brennan: Exactly, at this exact moment.

Saccharina: Okay, baby. Baby, just stay here, okay, you're the best thing
that's ever happened to me.

Cinnamon makes a little ‘beep noise’ and then coughs.

Zac: We're gonna get smacked by it.

Emily: That's why I wanted to cast something on him.

Zac: Could he move before you move?

Emily: I think I'll place him, I'll basically swap him and Ruby.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: So that he's in that nook, and can't get hit by icicles.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: But I'm letting him know.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Saccharina: Come fly to me when you get a chance, okay? I'll be waiting.

Cinnamon makes a little growl.

Emily: And I guess if Ruby wants to be here, is there a place that we can,
[knocks a mini off on accident] oop!

Brennan: You're good. Gooey! (blowing on the mini to dry it; the floor of the
set is wet)

Emily: Is there a place where...

Siobhan: Gooey's all gooey!

Emily: That we, me and her...

Brennan: Yes, there is space that you can be in there.

Emily: Alright, then, and is that 90 feet?

Brennan: I believe so, 90 feet would be 18 inches. Hold on one second.

Lou: (singing) 90 feet would be 18 inches.

Brennan: Yep, you're good. You're within 90.

Emily: Okay, then, I'm going to do that. I'm going to use a Metamagic to
Quicken Spell, so that my Thunder Step is actually a bonus action, so I can
just try and do a little cantrip for damage.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: Yep.

Emily: Huh?

Zac: You have fire cantrip?

Emily: I don't.

Siobhan: Yeah, you have fire.

Emily: Oh wait, I have Create Bonfire, yeah, okay, yeah, I guess I'll just
Create Bonfire on her.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: Got a full house.

Murph: This Popsicle is dangerous.

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: Yeah, and then, I guess I Create Bonfire on her. She needs to do a
Dexterity saving throw.

Brennan: Create Bon- so she's gotta do a dexterity saving throw?

(Lou humming)

Emily: Let's see if she has any Legendary Resistances left.

Brennan: She fails, and she's not gonna burn a Legendary Resistance for a
bonfire. So you can roll 4d8 damage.

Murph: My goodness.

Emily: 4d8?

Brennan: 4d8, it does double damage.

Murph: It does double.

Emily: Yeah!

(Brennan laughing)

Emily: Ahhhh, okay!

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Murph: You need another?

Emily: All right, that's gonna be, oops, 15, 24!

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: 24? Oh my God!

Emily: 24! (whooshing) And then, I say,

Saccharina: Ruby, think you can finish her off?

Ruby: I hope so.

Liam: I do, too.

Brennan: Awesome. That is Saccharina's turn, that's Saccharina.

Emily: And then, Ruby held her turn, so goes now.

Brennan: Ruby, you go now.

Siobhan: Okay, I would like to cast Green-Flame Blade on Flickerish, the
Twizzling Blade.

Brennan: Ooh.

Siobhan: And I say,

Ruby: For Jet, bitch.

(Emily laughing)

Siobhan: And I would like for Yak to fly over to give me advantage, give me
the help action to attack?

Brennan: Sorry, Yak is gonna fly over? Yes, Yak flies over to give you
advantage.

(tense adventure music)

(Yak cawing)

Brennan: He flies in.

Siobhan: That is a Nat 20.

(all cheering)

Emily: Yeah, baby!

Murph: Double Green Flame.

Siobhan: With sneak attack...

Murph: Quadruple! Quadruple Green-Flame Blade.

Siobhan: Quadruple Green-Flame Blade.

Emily: Yeah, baby!

Siobhan: And my Battle Master, one Superiority die.

Brennan lets out a slight growl.

Siobhan: So everybody can give me every single die that you have in your
pocket.

Ally: And what are you using?

Siobhan: Hang on a second. So it's 8d6 from Sneak Attack, plus 2d6 from Battle
Master.

Brennan: Hold on one...

Siobhan: Plus 2d8.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Siobhan: Are you working out minimum damage?

(tense adventure music)

Brennan: I'm working out, I'm working out minimum damage, I'm looking at all
the tricks I have up my sleeve. I believe it is possible for you to finish
this right here and now. So how many dies are you rolling? You're rolling the
d8?

Siobhan: Hang on a second. Let me do the- Hang on a second. One, two, three,
four, five.

Murph: Green Flame Blade-

Siobhan: 6, 7, 8. Hang on. That's, so this is my Sneak Attack dice. This is my
Flickerish dice. I need 4d8?

Lou: Yes.

Siobhan: From Green-Flame Blade. That's a d4.

Murph: That's a d6.

Lou: d8?

Siobhan: Yes, 4d8.

Zac: 4d8?!

Emily: Oh, I think you got it.

Siobhan: And then, two more d6 from Disarming Attack.

Emily: Two more?

Siobhan: Yep, okay.

Brennan: Okay, now hold on. I'm gonna ask you to roll all this in...

Siobhan: In the Box of Doom?

Brennan: In the Box of Doom.

Siobhan: Okay.

Emily: Whew!

Siobhan: And this is then, plus 6 to this. Oh, and plus 6, plus my
spellcasting modifier, which is 5, so plus 11.

Brennan: I’m gonna— I’m, I’m, [to the camera] I'm gonna lose it. Hold on one
second.

Siobhan: I can barely hold all these dice. Liam, this, I get it.

Ally: Yeah. The power.

Lou: Liam was using a box the other day.

Siobhan: I feel so rich.

Brennan: Okay, so just to look, so there's no PC Creep. You've doubled your
Sneak Attack, you've doubled your Green Flame Blade, you've, which is, that's
a bonus action, right?

Siobhan: No, it's a...

Brennan: Oh, it's a cantrip! It's a cantrip.

Siobhan: As part of the action. It's a cantrip.

Brennan: So you do Sneak Attack. With that attack, you're doing a Battle
Master thing from Flickerish, right?

Siobhan: Yep.

Brennan: To add that dice, and so, your Sneak Attack is doubled, the maneuver
is doubled, Green Flame Blade is doubled, and the weapon's normal damage is
doubled, and the number you're adding at the end of all that is plus 6?

Siobhan: Plus 6, and then, from the Green Flame Blade, it's also plus 5 for my
spellcasting ability. Plus 6, plus 5.

Brennan: Plus 11.

Zac: Damn!

Brennan: I've written a number on a piece of paper. Siobhan, if you...

Siobhan: Oh wait, hang on a minute. It might be just plus 6, hang on.

Brennan: I think it's just plus 6.

Siobhan: Yes, you're right, because the other thing goes to the other.

Brennan: Hold that, don't open that just yet.

Siobhan: This is the second little fun piece of paper that I've gotten.
(kisses the piece of paper) For luck.

Brennan: You're trying to beat that number in the piece of paper. Kindly go
ahead and roll this in the Box of Doom.

Lou: Oh!

Siobhan rolls 16 individual dice in the Box of Doom.

Brennan: Count it up.

Siobhan: Pass it over here. [takes the box] Oh, it's a lot of ones. [heavy,
snorting breathing] Okay, 5, 10, 20, 30, 40, 50, 53, 59.

While Siobhan is counting, Lou and Zac hold onto each other and Ally takes a
picture of them. Lou is staring at Brennan as Siobhan counts.

Brennan: Can you hand the Box- Take your dice, and then hand me the Box of
Doom?

[Siobhan’s dice clacks]

Lou: Why’s that piece of paper say 5?

Emily: I know!

(Siobhan laughs)

Brennan: Don't open it just yet.

Siobhan: I'm not opening it.

Brennan: I wrote down, and I want you to know something. (tense music) You
step forward, Jet's sword, Flickerish, in your hand. As it alights with your
arcane flame, you cast a shadow on the wall of the cavern as tall as the
mountain itself, with a long, long braid. Yak swoops down, screeching. You
join your father, effortlessly pirouetting on the tiny stick at the edge of
this floating plinth. You dealt 59 points of damage. Open that card, if you'd
be so kind.

(paper rustling)

Siobhan: 52.

Emily: Yay!

(all cheering)

Brennan: Ruby, you leap forward. The fairy says,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: Can't you… Can't you come home with me?

Ruby: Why don't you come home with me?

Brennan: Whoa! [mimics a sword thrust] Lavender erupts in green, as Flickerish
buries to the wrought basket hilt in the heart of this fae creature. The
Sugar-Plum Fairy's faces scatter, flying to the edges of the cavern, as she
screams and diminishes. Ruby, you have ended this being.

Sugar-Plum Fairy: [faces flickering] Gahh!

[the music stops]

Saccharina: You know what, you're right. Maybe I was being conspiratorial
about the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Ruby gives her A Look.

Liam: Did you ask the Sugar-Plum Fairy to go home with you?

Saccharina: Oh, I'm sorry, are you mad at me? Because I just actually softened
her up so you could finish her and Thunder Stepped you here?

Siobhan: I push her off the lollipop.

Saccharina: Do you really?

Ruby: I am seriously thinking about it. I'm seriously thinking about it.

Saccharina: I literally…

Ruby: Don't fucking...

Saccharina: I literally just brought you here.

Amethar: Guys, come on, we won! We won!

[dramatic, somber, string music]

Brennan: You see that the Sugar-Plum Fairy vanishes in magical energy.
Cinnamon (yelling) screams and descends, and wraps and coils around your
shoulders. Ruby, you stand there with the blood dripping from your sword. This
creature had a 9th level spell left, and was going to Wish to restore all its
hit points, and was one Initiative action away from doing so. [takes a breath,
then yells in frustration]

(all laughing)

Emily: It's okay, I probably would've counterspelled it.

Siobhan: Take your dice back.

Brennan: Counterspelled a 9th level spell?

Emily: Yeah.

(Brennan laughing)

Ally: We would've rolled a Nat 20 for that.

Brennan: You'd have rolled a Nat 20.

Emily: Here's what it would've been. [rolls] 11.

(Brennan laughing)

Emily: That's a freaking 16.

Ally: This is what it would've been, [rolls] a 9 in the rocks.

Brennan: The Sugar-Plum Fairy falls into endless mist. You are left here on
this floating plinth. Miraculously, none of you are dead. You have survived.
As we exit out of combat, the mist begins to recede. (whooshing) You see deep
down, far below, the massive floor of this cavern, probably about 150 feet
down from here, is filled like a dragon's hoard with lollipop, peppermint
candy and weaponry, arrows, shields, armor, candy and coins of all shapes and
sizes, tinctures, bottles, strange wands and staves, literally like a dragon's
hoard at the base of this place. As the mist recedes, you hear voices in your
ear, Ruby. (eerie music) First voice you hear says,

Rococoa: Proud of you, kid.

Brennan: The next voice says,

Lazuli: You make it look effortless. I am so proud.

Brennan: The next voice speaks and says,

Citrina: Sweetheart, I don't know where we're going next. It was nice to be
here, but we're gonna go somewhere we don't know, but we're gonna go there
together.

Brennan: The next voice says,

Sapphria: I was fourth in line and I didn't know that we were all gonna say
something. They didn't tell me.

(group laughing)

Ruby: [crying] Look after her, please.

Sapphria: I wouldn't dream of doing anything else.

Brennan: The last thing you feel is the embrace of your shadow, as it returns
to a familiar shape that you recognize.

Ruby: I love you so much. I'm so sorry I couldn't save you.

(wind whistling as the shadow fades)

(gentle somber music)

Brennan: You feel the heavy presence of this powerful quasi-deity that reigned
here leave this place, and its ominous, freezing cold, instead becomes an open
door, a place that was dedicated to mystery and escape and a sickly sweet
turning of one's back on a dark and fearsome world, instead becomes clear and
crisp and cold. You see the weapons collected underneath you. You know of the
armory of the library outside, and curled around Saccharina's shoulder is a
young Cinnamon dragon. All the vast treasures of this place are no longer the
source of power for a twisted dream. They are, instead, here, clear under the
light, as the mist recedes, available, ready, and if the magic can be felt and
said to have a feeling, perhaps, eager, to be put to use.

Zac: Am I still paralyzed?

(all laughing)

Brennan: Cumulous, you come out of paralysis.

Theobald: Swifty, you seeing this?

Swifty: This is fun! We are all fucking set! I'm talking, a villa in Port
Syrup, I'm talking a penthouse in Dulcington. You wanna a little country
estate where we can go riding meeps in Muffinfield? We got it! All the people
I grew up, they won't be able to tell me shit!

(group laughing)

Siobhan: I cast Sleep onto Swifty.

Brennan: [mimics Swifty dropping] They're all very badly injured. Thump,
thump, thump, thump.

Saccharina: I want you to understand one thing, Ruby. And (laughs) I suppose
it's stupid that I keep trying to reach out to you, but I made the decision, I
have ranged fire attack, I made the decision to do something with you instead
of try to steal it for myself. I don't know if anything I ever say will ever
affect you, but maybe somewhere down the line, you'll remember I said that,
and you'll be at a place where you're ready to have heard it.

Brennan: The plinth returns to the edge. Your servants escort you. You see
that Gooey is scratching under the chin of Cinnamon.

Emily: Chinny rubs!

Brennan: Chinny rubs. You see that Swifty's like,

Swifty: I say we're gonna probably have to get about 10, 12 wagons up here. I
mean, there's not roads, fuck!

Brennan: You see Jon Bon is looking and saying,

Jon Bon: Yes, strong men will be needed.

Brennan: And you see that, as you walk away, Gooey looks at you and says-

(dramatic music)

Saccharina: I know, I've let my sentimentality make me weak.

Gooey: Your Majesty, permission to speak freely.

Saccharina: Please.

Brennan: You see that look comes over her eyes, and she looks with nothing but
raw disgust and disdain towards the people back on the plinth, as you walk
away, turns back to you with a little bit of a tear in her eye, and she says,

Gooey: You have a family that has chosen you.

Saccharina: [unsteadily] I know. I don't know why I have spent so many spells
on these people who continue not to care.

Brennan: You see Swifty looks up and says,

Swifty: Your Majesty, we care.

Saccharina: I know.

Swifty: And we're the most dangerous people in Candia. (laughs)

Saccharina: Fucking right, you are.

Brennan: Jon Bon nods and says,

Jon Bon: Our lives for the queen. Your reign will be a glorious one.

Brennan: Gooey again wraps an arm around you, and says,

Gooey: The future that is coming will not carry this pain for you, Your
Majesty.

Saccharina: You know, the nice thing is, actually, that's the first time
someone's called me Queen, and it hasn't felt uncomfortable. It actually felt
really good.

Brennan: You see Cinnamon goes,

Cinnamon: (snoring) (sighs) (hisses)

Brennan: And nuzzles into your neck. The rest of you walking off of the
plinth, you see Saccharina and her warriors move ahead. As the rest of you are
walking off, what do you do as you arrive at the sort of edge of that dais of
the platform?

Lou: I mean-

Siobhan: I just wanna take a moment of silence for Jet again.

Ruby: I don't know how many times I have to say goodbye to her, but, I don't
know. Maybe you always- When somebody that you love dies, maybe all that you
have is to say goodbye to them. (sighs)

(pause)

Theobald: Ruby, I do think we owe it to her to live for her, and it was always
Jet's dream to be with the common people, to fight.

Murph: And I kind of gesture to all of Saccharina's people.

Theobald: And this is an army of the people of Candia. This is Jet's dream. We
have a chance, now, to- Amethar, you never wanted to be King. Ruby, you never
wanted to be queen. We have a chance, you can be a warrior again, Amethar. We
have a chance to get behind someone, and to bring magic back...

Amethar: I'm-

Theobald: We killed the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Amethar: I'm 100% here, right, but you know what the last two weeks have been.
You know what the last four weeks have been. I died, twice, I watched my
daughter die, all right? I went from being in a place where yeah, all I wanted
was to be a warrior. Then, they tried to kill me once, and I pushed back. Then
they tried to kill me a second time, and I said, "Fuck it." No, this is- I
need to be something, in spite of them. Then they took that away from me. And
then, finally, I felt like I was back in my element, back to being a general,
and then, they killed my daughter. And then, two weeks later, right when I've
decided I'm gonna make something of myself, I'm not even king anymore. So I
mean, I'm sorry if I don't seem 100%, 100% of the time. I've been through a
lot. But I'm here, and I'm fighting. So please don't talk to me like I'm not
all the way in.

Theobald: I don't think you're not all the way in. I know you.

Murph: And I point to Saccharina.

Theobald: But she doesn't know you. You have two living daughters.

Siobhan: I'd like to go speak to Saccharina.

Brennan: You approach. Saccharina, where do you think you've walked to?

Emily: We're just exiting.

Brennan: Just exiting, you're just leaving? So Ruby, you rush ahead, as
they're leaving, and find them sort of out on the balcony, going out over the
mountain. Go ahead and give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: Nat 20.

(Murph blowing out a breath)

Brennan: You go out on the mountain, you go out on the ledge. Saccharina, I
assume, you just call out to them?

Emily: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: You look out, and the immediate look you clock from them, Swifty
turns around and cocks his head to the side. He looks at your stomach, like
that would be the place that he could reach to slit your stomach open. Gooey
hefts her ax over on her shoulder, and Jon Bon steps to the side, in case he
gets the order to push you off the side of the mountain. I don't know what you
see in Saccharina, but she did roll a Nat 20.

Emily: What do you see in Saccharina?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Nothing. Because there's just nothing in me right now.

Ruby: In the last month, everything that I knew to be true disappeared and
crumbled underneath me, that the Church wasn't real, that my family wasn't
real, that nothing was real, and then, my sister, who was more than a sister,
(sobbing) was the other half of me, died. And then, you appeared out of
nowhere, and you're my sister, and you're my queen, and I can't have both, I'm
sorry. You can't be both to me. I- if you want to be my sister, be my sister,
and if you want to be my queen, be my queen. But I'm sorry, I cannot give you
both.

Saccharina: I understand that you lost everything. But I was born with
nothing. (pause) I'm not proud to admit this, but meeting Amethar wasn't the
only thing that made me so giddy. It was also meeting you, the idea that all
of a sudden, (sobbing) after years alone, I would not only have a father, but
also a sister. (pause) But if I must choose, then I choose to be your queen.

Ruby: Very well.

Brennan: Jon Bon, Gooey and Swifty, who, again, are a Chocolate Bon-Bon man,
(Emily laughs) a melted chocolate lady...

Siobhan: You son of a bitch.

Brennan: And a little gingerbread guy, accompany their queen, an ice cream
person with a cinnamon Hot Tamale dragon on her shoulders. (Emily laughs) And
they descend the side of the mountain.

Zac: And I think, sort of a cotton candy monkey man follows them?

Brennan: Cumulous follows after them.

Murph: Yeah, I follow Cumulous.

Brennan: Oh, so all you guys exit the Ice Cream Temple? You exit.

Ally: Can I look around, as we're leaving, at the loot underneath and see if
there's...

Brennan: Give me an Investigation check.

Ally: Yeah. Hey.

Brennan: Roll advantage.

Ally: Okay. Fuck yeah, 24.

Brennan: You, you know difficult terrain, you skitter down the side. (tense
music) You see something at the base of the tower, something like an old lair,
and you see a dark chocolate and cinnamon cavern with old, ancient chocolate
eggshells, and suddenly, you see the dark space you've been seeing in your
dreams. You smell the cinnamon, you know that the walls of this cavern once
echoed with ancient roars, the kind you have felt in the deep hunger, as you
have gone darker and darker, in your lust for revenge, and your hardening
against this wicked world. At the middle of the nest, you can barely see the
edge, way up high, as you're way down underneath the platform. You see in the
center of what was an ancient nest of something much larger than Cinnamon,
that there is still warmth, even in this ice cream place. You see a small
ember glowing, and it's turning even a little bit brighter as you approach.

Ally: I go to it.

Brennan: As you approach it, the light grows suddenly so red and bright that
it fills your vision. A hand reaches out and grabs your throat and pulls.
That's all for this week...

Ally: What? Fuck!

Emily: What?

Ally: What the fuck!

Brennan: Tune in next week for the penultimate episode of "A Crown of Candy."

Lou: Jesus Christ.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 15: The Two
Balls](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQdIOR9d_jJVNhnpvxbGNsb8lLaCY82gybZaa600orgwB2xnGTqij5DU4qy23XBeEL9ak8HWXI3wrnl/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647653914618&usg=AOvVaw1lrBUdT6qUjGRoXHthaPjM)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

(dramatic music)

Saccharina: When the people of Candia find me, and find what you have done to
me, you will wish you believed me.

Amethar: My wife's dead.

Lazuli: They will see that this suffering will not have happened in vain.

Ruby: We're gonna kill them all, right?

Theobald: I don't think it's something that we can take lightly.

Lazuli: My hand, hold my hand! Hold my hand!

Saccharina: I hold your hand, I hold your hand.

Lazuli: Saccharina.

Saccharina: Hold my hand. No!

(dramatic music)

* * *

Transcribed by:  Kyber Bonsai, Tillie the Paladin,

Edited by: Kyber Bonsai, Tillie the Paladin, solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoyd1YRUV56FPjCmtTpUL6ZBuC4ZQdmTKdWb8sCcu-
QFFlD4BveqYLaICEYQXRToi4U--7gGkgCXO2uN_d4:0)

Episode 15: The Two Balls

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks; and Emily Axford as Queen Saccharina Frostwhip

Episode 15: The Two Balls

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQNlNALUOtMqFD_HZ-V4VOrcwieJ1sBb92qShapbZAwo-
AiAoCObX6enOkp3tVQcZaLjGwUeigCyV-g/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647656678815&usg=AOvVaw2YZDwg0gEbfqY4w3aX_6Y5)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTQpwED8_hSXlE1tewnzQ7q_R8iSunadaIlWeYW7YrATDgQre0iRSnoE1xJHElg7dsPshoiAw-
zyy31/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647656679243&usg=AOvVaw0GuH_DFyfWviy_bT2jRjKK)]
>

CONTENT WARNING: This episode contains a flashback scene where a player
character's childhood of neglect, trauma, and physical abuse is portrayed. The
scene is roughly 14 minutes long, running from approximately 5:00 minutes to
19:00 minutes. [This transcript clearly marks where the scene begins and
ends.]

* * *

(epic instrumental music)

(wind howling)

(birds chirping)

(metal scraping)

Brennan: Welcome one and all to the penultimate episode of "A Crown of Candy."
I'm your humble dungeon master Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me as always are our
intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Last we left our heroes they were descending from the Mountain of the
Ice Cream Temple, far in the reaches of the Great Stone Candy Mountains.

Zac and Siobhan both lean on Lou to hug him.

Brennan: They had learned of a terrible conspiracy by the devious Lord Cruller
to assemble your family's greatest villains to broker an unholy alliance of
all the forces bent on the destruction of your family, your people, and your
homeland. Appeasing the desire for crusade by the Pontifex Belizabeth
Brassica, the desire for conquest by the Imperator Ciabatta of Ceresia and the
desire for presiding over whatever the new Concord shall be from the Lady
Plumbeline Uvano, Calroy Cruller, de facto ruler of Candia in the absence of
its royal court and Marquis of Muffinfield announced his desire to be baptized
to welcome the crusade of people coming to slaughter those remaining devotees
of the Sweetening Path and destroy the holy places of Candia and welcome the
conquest of Imperator Ciabatta. A meeting of these great forces to occur in
neutral ground, neither in Vegetania, Fructera, nor Ceresia, but in Calroy's
held and occupied Castle Candy. You all having rescued the Duke Joren
Jawbreaker have provided a potential to slow the machinations of war and give
Candia just enough time to save itself by recognizing Saccharina Frostwhip as
queen and sovereign ruler of Candia.

(soft instrumental music)

Brennan: Journeying to the Ice Cream Temple in the far northern mountains,
you've found the Sugar-Plum Fairy, the greatest and most powerful spirit of
the Sweetening Path left in Candia whose mystical ambitions had been a part of
your life ever since her first meeting with Lapin Cadbury many years before.
Finally reaching the Ice Cream Temple, you discovered that her offer to
reunite you with those you had lost and to save Candia was an offer to journey
into mist, to turn your back on the world of Calorum, to live in a sickly
sweet paradise beyond dreaming and to belong to the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Ally: Was this an opioid epidemic homage?

Brennan: This whole season is an allegory for the opioid epidemic.

Ally: Okay, yeah, I think, yeah, okay, okay, cool.

Siobhan: Wow, meaningful.

Ally: Wow, deep.

Brennan: [to the camera, shaking his head] No.

Zac: Oh!

Siobhan: Deep.

Ally: Deep.

Zac: Oh.

Brennan: After pitched combat in a giant chamber discovering the Armory, a
secret library of lost Candian lore and the Dracoria Azucar which was heated
with fire and hatched by the Queen Saccharina.

Ally: So cute, [points to Cinnamon’s mini] oh, cute!

Brennan: Ruby of the House of Rocks plunged her sister's sword into the heart
of the Sugar-Plum Fairy, destroying her forever, banishing the mist and the
illusions of this place and revealing a hoard of Candian weaponry. Words were
shared and Saccharina descends the mountain, flanked by her loyal followers.
Gooey's hand touches your back, and as you descend the mountain ahead, the
rest of the Candians behind you, the wind kicks up. (wind howling) Snow
flurries around you and you remember another cold night a very long time ago.

CONTENT WARNING STARTS HERE

Brennan: The year is 1196. It is Frostdawn, it's the 15th day of Frostdawn,
and High Frosting’s Eve is approaching. It is a freezing cold snow-covered
island in the Dairy Sea at the Abbey of the Shimmering Cream. A five-year-old
Saccharina is looking out of a window at the sea under the starlight. What's
Saccharina looking for out on the sea?

Emily: I think she's looking for the boat that her mom is gonna come back and
pick her back up because she's gonna realize it was a mistake to have
abandoned her.

Brennan: The door of this room is locked. You're wearing a common peasant's
shift, sort of formless, austere dress. There's a small crust of cheese on a
plate in the corner. And the other children, mostly orphans or runaways or
peasantry that have had to give their children up for one reason or another. A
war is going on so a lot of lost children have found their way to the abbey.
They are kept far away from you, and you are in a part of the abbey where you
cannot be close to them. The door opens and one of the nuns, peering down at
you severely, says,

(somber instrumental music)

Nun: [Scottish accent] Away from the window, child, this way. The Mother
Superior will see you.

Emily: I obey because I know what disobedience will get me.

Brennan: You are brought down the hallway. As you walk, you go through one of
the abbey's central halls. This is a poor abbey, but there is some, at least,
decoration in this place and you see one of the sort of shining plates up on
the wall to cast some of the torchlight. You see a reflection and a dark,
indigo blue Candian woman with kind eyes gazes at you out of the reflection.
You don't know her, but you see that she says to you,

Lazuli: It's all right. Stay, believe, the world is dark and dangerous, but
there are forces other than wickedness at work in this world.

Saccharina: Is it wrong what I can do in my-

Lazuli: No, it is not wrong, no matter who tells you that or how many times,
it is not wrong. I cannot help you in this world anymore, but I am trying as-

Brennan: And you are walked past the mirror and you are brought to a dimly lit
office where a tall, imperious looking woman of many years, the Mother
Superior of the Abbey, the Mother Superior Edam, looks at you, gazes down,
stands up and takes a long razor-sharp cheddar switch from an old cheddar tree
out back and says,

Mother Superior: [Scottish] Right there, Saccharina. Some of the other
children at mealtime were doing as small children do, I suppose and talking
out of turn about fairy tales and the like. One of them mentioned that you
said you could see a woman all in blue in the mirror speaking to you.

Saccharina: It was a lie, I was just trying to get attention from the other
children. That's what children do, children lie.

Brennan: The switch catches you across the face and she says,

Mother Superior: Lying is a sin, girl, and it's what you just did in saying
that to me. Sit in the chair now.

Brennan: You are strapped into a wooden chair with leather bindings and you
see that she faces you and hunches down and says,

Mother Superior: You're a wicked girl, and I think unlike most of the
chatterings of children that these little stories might be more than false. Do
you see eyes in the mirror, girl?

Saccharina: Doesn't everyone see eyes in the mirror?

(switch cracking)

Brennan: She scowls furiously and says,

Mother Superior: All the cleverness in the world won't make you strong, and it
won't make you big. The Bulb above knows best.

Saccharina: Is that what you wish for me, strength? Is that why you do what
you do?

Mother Superior: I wish for obedience! (switch cracking) And silence! (switch
cracking)

Brennan: You see that she bends the switch.

Mother Superior: (inhales and exhales sharply) What does the woman in the
mirror say to you?

Saccharina: There's no answer that won't get me lashed, so. She says that I
don't have to hide. That I'm actually not only good the way I am, but I'm
actually great the way I am.

Brennan: She goes near the roaring fire in the corner, opens up a small,
modestly decorated gilded box and takes a holy sign of the Bulb out of it and
tosses the holy symbol so that it is resting in the embers of the fire. You
see that in the underside of the now open box there is a small reflective
surface of polished metal. And you see the woman look, the eyes staring out.
And the surface is kind of not large enough to show the whole face, but you
see the eyes looking at you saying,

Lazuli: You are perfect the way you are. You are lost for the moment, but that
does not mean you will be lost forever. There are people in the world who love
you, and they will see that this suffering will not have happened in vain.
Misfortune has befallen you more than your share, but it will be made right, I
promise, I...

Brennan: You see her eyes dart to the right as the Mother Superior picks the
now burning red emblem up and says,

Mother Superior: The Hungry One works in mysterious ways and takes whatever
form he wishes. And it sounds like exactly the type of thing he'd say to find
a young, strident, impudent sinner and tell her that she was in any way
acceptable or worthy.

Saccharina: You can do whatever you want to my body because what I can do
barely even needs a body.

Mother Superior: You think I'm about to do something to your body? Simply a
vessel of the flesh. I'm here to cleanse your soul.

Brennan: And she pushes the holy symbol onto your chest. It burns through the
cloth of your shift and you are filled with incredible, blinding pain, a child
being burned in the center of their chest by this holy symbol. In the blinding
flash of light you can feel yourself ejecting from the horror of this own
experience and you, in this space of liminal, outside of your own body pain
and mindless fear and confusion you see the woman in blue, long robes behind
her, flecked with purple and indigo. Her golden eyes reaching out and
flickering, reaching a hand out to you, almost being blown away by the light
and she screams, her voice chopping and disappearing,

Lazuli: My hand, hold my hand, hold my hand.

Emily: I hold her hand, I hold her hand.

Lazuli: Saccharina!

Emily: I hold her hand!

(electric energy cracking)

Saccharina: No!

Brennan: The hand vanishes and the connection is severed as you are back in
your body, the Mother Superior standing over you. No reflection waits for you
in the cold metal.

(eerie instrumental music)

Brennan: Mother Superior looks at you and says,

Mother Superior: I will burn The Hungry One out of you as many times as I need
to. It is not of this world or the Bulb above that the water washes upon your
feet and that the sea seems to hear your call. What you wield is sin.

Saccharina: [crying] It was good, what you took away from me, it was good!

Brennan: She lashes the switch across you and says,

Mother Superior: Get her back to her room. She'll have no breakfast on the
morrow. After your prayers, if I believe the words of them, you'll have earned
your food.

Brennan: As you are being led away by the sister, she calls to you at the door
and says,

Mother Superior: What are you gazing across the sea for, girl? What do you
think is waiting out there for you?

Saccharina: Why can't you let me have one privacy?

Mother Superior: Because in the dark secrets of your heart I know The Hungry
One is waiting. When the children bully you in the yard and you turn to look
at them, your voice rolls like thunder, and there is something dark in you
that I will drive out. I'm only trying to save you, and it is me that will
save you and not your sweet father, the Prince of Candia. Do you truly believe
that story, girl, or is that just you telling schoolyard lies?

Saccharina: (sniffles) My father is Amethar of House Rocks. I am Saccharina
Rocks.

(dramatic instrumental music)

Saccharina: When the people of Candia find me and find what you have done to
me you will wish you believed me.

Mother Superior: And how will this prince in his tall castle know that you are
here? Do you think he wants you? Do you think anyone wants you? Not even your
own mother wanted you.

Saccharina: She- She did want me. She just, she just was very, very scared,
she thought she was protecting me.

Mother Superior: She was protecting herself and her people from what's within
you. She sent you here because you're a danger to the world, to all the good
folk under the Bulb. Your father, like as not, is some no doubt Candian sailor
tellin' stories to bed a young milkmaid in her licentious youth.

Saccharina: If my father is nobody, then how can I speak to the wind? Then how
can I walk out into the ocean and have the water do my bidding? If my father
is nobody, why are you so scared of me?

Mother Superior: Take her back to her room.

CONTENT WARNING ENDS HERE

Brennan: You descend the mountain, the crown on your head. Your sword's at
your side, the Winterscoop in your hand, nobody in all of Calorum will ever be
able to hurt you again. And Cinnamon (growls and snorts softly) wraps around
your neck. It feels warm.

Saccharina: [quietly] That's right, baby.

Brennan: Ruby, you're standing at the top of the steps.

Siobhan: So anyway, I was like, “she can be my sister or my queen, but not
both”, and I feel good about that. I feel like it was a good, noble choice
that I made her make. (sighs)

(Brennan and Emily laughing)

Brennan: Ruby's standing at the top of the stairs. You watch Saccharina and
her marauders and her sweet baby dragon descend the steps. What's Ruby going
to do?

Siobhan: I'm going to go find my dad, I think. I would also like to check out
the library and see if I can find anything that will help us against, I mean,
basically can help me kill Ciabatta.

Brennan: Cool, you walk back onto the steps. For those that were on the
platform, I think it's just Theo, Cumulous, and Amethar, you're still looking
at the chamber. The mist has all cleared at this point. Liam has scooted down
to explore.

Ally: Yeah. (laughs) Big mistake.

Emily: Oh, no.

Ally: Big mistake.

Emily: Fingers crossed for a second dragon.

(Brennan laughs)

Siobhan: Fingers crossed.

Emily: I mean, how cute is this, we need to.

Lou: A little one and a big one.

Brennan: What are Cumulous, Amethar, and Theo- I guess Theo, you actually
walked away from Amethar.

Murph: Yeah, I think I'm kinda...

Zac: Cumulous did, too.

Brennan: So Amethar, Theo says his words-

Lou: Yeah, I'm just standing there looking.

Brennan: In the halls of the Ice Cream Temple, Ruby, you pass Theo and
Cumulous who are exiting. In that little pronged room of hallways with the one
going right and the one going left to the Armory you see Theo and Cumulous
descending the stairs.

Siobhan: I don't say anything to them.

Brennan: You walk up, you guys are walking after Saccharina?

Murph: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Cool. You guys, you know, look at this incredible victory, the Queen
of Candia with her Winterscoop has opened this place and now Candia has the
best fighting chance it's had in your lifetimes. You descend the steps,
silently. Or I guess you say whatever you want to say, but the two members of
this party that are like brothers in arms and like sworn to the service of
this family and not of this family descend the steps together.

Murph: I think Theo's kind of just instantly kind of down to business, and I
think I'll talk to Cumulous and Saccharina and stuff and just start
coordinating how we get these weapons and everything to the troops and all
that.

Saccharina: Yes, I think we should definitely- Cumulous will, I mean, would
you consider going in and just finding every magical item in there?

Cumulous: Look… It may be difficult for me. Have you ever heard of choice
paralysis?

Theobald: Could we consider this a new base of operations? Or is this gonna be
too far from everything?

Saccharina: Wow, yes. That sounds great. I don't have much interest in
actually occupying the Castle of Candy.

Theobald: Oh, I just meant until, just for our troops just to get all the
weapons and everything and...

Saccharina: Yeah, I like that.

Cumulous: Sounds good.

Brennan: Ruby, you ascend the stairs and are at the edge of the platform
looking at the Tower of Ice Cream where Amethar is standing.

Ruby: (sighs) I- How do you- How does peace happen? How do you live once this
has happened to you?

(somber instrumental music)

Ruby: I don't understand how peace works when war...

Amethar: I feel like I'm the worst person to answer that question. I'm a war
guy through and through. I spent the last couple years just going through the
motions. (sighs)

Ruby: Well, I love you, Dad.

Amethar: I love you, Ruby.

Lou: I give like a side hug.

Siobhan leans against Lou and sighs.

Brennan: You guys stand at the platform looking out. You can't see Liam
anymore.

Ruby: Liam?

Amethar: Liam.

Ruby: Liam, stop hiding.

Brennan: (wind howling) Liam, you are falling through endless fire and red—

Ally: [laughs] What? [pulls their sweatshirt hood up in shock]

Brennan: Swirling red, you smell cinnamon and smoke and hot chocolate, the
cold peppermint of your body you can see is slowly disintegrating and little
swirls of red and white are peeling off of your arms and legs as you fall and
you hear a voice. It's like you're falling down, but you're also shooting into
something and you hear. (growls and gulps deeply)

Ally:  I'm being eaten?

Brennan: The pain you feel is, you feel incredible pain that disturbs you so
deeply because it's also ecstatic because you know deep down that you taste
good.

Ally: The Hungry One has eaten me.

Brennan: You, (wind whipping) but a hand was grabbing you. And you look down
and see the hand. This hand on your chest that's pulling you in has been on
your chest before. (wind whistling) You are in a disintegrating library as the
hand rips you into it. The space you are in is like a ruins or something. It
looks like it's part of the Ice Cream Temple maybe, but that it was an
illusory part or something. There is like ice cream stone around, but the
stone has become like reddened and covered in cinnamon ash and is slowly just
disintegrating. You see the stone is just. (wind whistling) So you're in a
ruin that is flying away. Stones will rumble a little bit and then just fly up
into nothingness (wind howling) as this sort of comes apart in this other-
planar realm. And I may have misspoken. It's not a hand on your chest so much
as it is a paw.

(Emily and Ally gasp)

Lapin: Hello, Liam.

(Emily screaming)

Liam: What? Get off of me.

Lapin: I'm sorry I grabbed you by the throat earlier.

Liam: That was crazy!

Lapin: Um, it was a little bit of a stronger move than I meant. I'm not mad at
you.

Liam: You- Lapin!

Brennan: Lapin is standing in front of you and is, is partially, (laughs)
Lapin is disintegrating as well, but as his own chocolate and tinfoil comes
off of it it doesn't leave, it looks like he is, so he's like disintegrating,
but it's not diminishing him at all. He keeps, like, replacing and
replenishing himself even in this space of things going away. He also is not,
he is like partially this swirling red, cinnamon energy, but there's something
deep and purple and magical about him as well, and you see that he's, the
edges of him are very opaque. Like, he's here, he grabbed you, but his center
becomes translucent and you see three spinning eggs of magic wrapped in bright
green and yellow and purple tinfoil (wind whistling) as three little wishes
circle around in his translucent chest.

Lapin: How are you?

Liam: I'm, what is going on?

Lapin: Oh, I, um, when you came down here, I'm, I guess I'm here just to pack
up, so to speak.

Liam: What do you mean?

Lapin: I have to take these things to The Hungry One.

Liam: Whoa.

Zac: I think Lapin picks up some kind of magical artifact.

Brennan: You see that there are some scrolls on a weird sort of like stone
altar and some candles. And as Lapin extends his paw to them you realize that
these scrolls and candles are symbols, manifestations of dreams, memories,
stories, wishes, prayers, and they just curl up in his hand and he deposits
them as motes of light into a small scroll case at his side.

Liam: I've been feeling The Hungry One. I've been seeing visions that smell
and sound just like this. What's going on?

Lapin: Um, Liam, this place is disappearing.

(Ally sighs softly)

Lapin: When Ruby killed the Sugar-Plum Fairy it undid the illusion of this
place.

Liam: Okay.

Lapin: This quote-unquote afterlife that, you know, King Amethar's sisters and
Jet and I were all in is not truly an afterlife. It's sort of a sick dream of
the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Liam: Oh.

Lapin: And so we all have to go to The Hungry One. And so...

Liam: Is that a bad thing?

Lapin: Not necessarily.

Liam: Would we still be able to contact you and, like, Lazuli and...

Lapin: [shaking his head] I don't think so.

Liam: Jet?

Lapin: They're already gone.

Liam: Oh.

Lapin: And I'm just, well, we're bringing up the rear.

(Preston snorts)

Liam: Me? Oh.

Brennan: And Preston leaps into your arms.

Liam: [gasps] Oh, my baby boy! [hugs him] My sweet boy! You look so good, a
haircut?

(Preston snorts)

Lapin: I gave him a little haircut.

Liam: That's so cute! You gave him a haircut.

Lapin: He won't stop following me around for some reason and...

Brennan: (wind howling) You see Preston blasts out of your arms and goes and
flies and nuzzles Lapin's head. (snorts) Leaves a little wet pig snout.

Lapin: Okay.

Liam: You love it.

Lapin: Oh, I do love it.

Liam: You love it.

(Emily laughing)

Lapin: No, I don't love it.

Liam: Lapin, what, have you been watching? Are you able to see what's going on
in our world?

Lapin: We can see, we were able to see.

Liam: We're fucked, what are we gonna do? I can- I'm gonna get that carrot.
I'm gonna fucking ruin that carrot. I'm a war guy now, and at first I was just
happy I was good at something, but now it's all I think about. And I just
wanna get better and better at killing bad people.

Lapin: Yes. Well, I do not like that carrot man. I would very much like to-
But before he killed me I found some information.

Liam: What?

Lapin: Before I could tell any of you I was struck down.

Liam: What was it?

Lapin: And that's why we're talking.

Brennan: You see that Preston snorts up at you and wiggles his little
corkscrew tail and begins to ascend up to a viewing balcony in this ruin.

(Preston running)

Zac: I guess I follow, Lapin follows Preston.

Lapin: Come this way.

Liam: Okay. Are you gonna teach me something?

Lapin: I will tell you something.

Liam: Cool.

Lapin: I don't know if there's much time to teach, but...

Brennan: You arrive at this viewing balcony and see yourself in this, indeed,
this now cinnamon and ash-covered dissolving castle. And the realm around it
has already been consumed. Huge tracts of land are just now empty void being
(wind sucking) sucked up into this swirling red and black all-consuming
vortex. And you see mirrored or like, that is going up into the vortex but
through the ground there is another sky upside down. And far away through the
blackness you see a brilliant shining Bulb, a beacon of pure light. And you
see this castle constructed through magic in the middle of these two things.
And you've heard about the will of the Bulb and the trickery of The Hungry
One. And you're looking at, and forgive my sacrilege, two balls, there's a
ball of light and a ball of all-consuming darkness and they're just two really
big cosmic balls. The light emitting from the Bulb and then everything being
sucked up into The Hungry One.

Lapin: So the interpretations of the Bulb and The Hungry One have been very
complicated, and a lot of agency has been put on them for as long as any of us
have been alive, but the truth is that they are truly just light and dark, you
know, one is creation and one is destruction. They're just purely forces,
they're not alive. They have no dog in the fight. Because of that the church,
Pontifex, whoever can attribute any meaning to any of it with impunity.

Liam: Yeah.

Lapin: So they don't care about any of this. And what is going to happen, what
has always happened is that The Hungry One and the Bulb both do what they do.
The Bulb creates, The Hungry One destroys. So without the Sugar-Plum Fairy,
the Sugar-Plum Fairy-

Liam: Yeah.

Lapin: Is not, they're not gods. The Bulb and The Hungry One are not gods. The
Sugar-Plum Fairy is also not a god and more like- The Sugar-Plum Fairy and the
other magical beings in this world, they're all just more like living spells.
They're closer to mortals than they are to anything else.

Liam: Okay.

Lapin: So the Sugar-Plum Fairy is of the Bulb and she was able to use the
power of the Bulb to create this area we are now, but without her it's time
for it to go.

Liam: Whoa… Okay. So then what is the future of Candia if now we know that
these are just two energy sources, but there's so much corruption that's being
used with them as the source?

Lapin: I don't know.

Liam: Is it… (sighs) There's no way to get back the people that everyone is so
upset about losing. We're going into some huge battle at a house. Is it worth
killing even more and more? Should I keep being like a war guy? I could still
be a seed guy, I just need a therapist.

Lapin: There's nothing wrong with being a seed guy.

Zac: And I think that's when the balls of light that are hovering in Lapin
come forth.

Brennan: You see that Preston flies up and lands on Lapin's head. (snorts) And
goes, (spits) and coughs up the three peppermint heart seeds, and each one
goes (wind whooshing) and spins around the wishes coming from Lapin's chest.
(wind whooshing) And they stack vertically, horizontally, into a triangle and
begin to circle in that triangle in front of you. One of these raw, glowing
wishes takes on a red hue with a deep smell of cinnamon. (wind howling) Sucks
in the light around it. Another one takes on a bright, golden, luminous hue.
And a third one is a many-colored foil-wrapped, shimmering wish much like
Lapin's robes.

Lapin: So one of these looks sort of like the Sugar-Plum Fairy, right? This is
the Bulb, this is that energy. This is the energy to create.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Lapin: One of these is like the cinnamon dragon, The Hungry One. So it has the
energy to destroy.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Lapin: And this third one-

Liam: Yeah.

Lapin: Is something else. It's the energy to change. And I think that's what's
happening to this world is things are changing. And that's what happens when
we leave this place. The energy that is created by the Bulb is also destroyed
by The Hungry One, and that cycle keeps continuing. And I think that's not a
bad thing, but the way that I can help you is I can offer you one of these.

Liam: I'll take that one.

Lapin: Which one?

Liam: The change one.

Lapin: The change one, cool.

(Brennan laughing)

Liam: Was it the right answer or wasn't it?

Brennan: It moves forward from Lapin and you are holding a part of Preston's
heart, a part of Lapin's soul, all wrapped up in a wish, and that wish becomes
wrapped in a seed.

Liam: Cool. Not gonna plant this one, no, no, no. This is a collector's item.
So, (sighs) nevermind.

Lapin: What's up?

Liam: Fucking- So people are so hell-bent on using their time alive to either
homage creation or destruction, but wouldn't change be the only thing that the
living have to do with?

Lapin: I think that both are fine.

Liam: Is there a religion associated with this wish?

Lapin: I don't know that there would be a religion associated with it, but I
think it's associated with living.

Liam: (sighs) Okay, I'm just wondering if we made the wrong choice with
killing the Sugar-Plum Fairy.

Lapin: No, she sucked.

Liam: Okay, cool, okay, cool. And one last question, does the queen now have a
mini Hungry One that she's treating as a pet? That feels bad.

Lapin: Remember when I said a living spell? It's kind of like a living spell.

Liam: Okay, cool, that's cute then. It's not gonna grow up and then eat
everyone.

Lapin: Maybe, I don't know.

Liam: Okay, I don't know. I guess I'd take it, start with the vegetables.

Lapin: Mm-hmm, it's good to see you again.

Liam: It's good to see you too, Lapin. Are you in pain at all?

Lapin: All the time! I'm joking.

Liam: No! Fuck you, rabbit!

Lapin: Ha, I gotcha!

Ally: Your foil is being ripped away from you and you're essentially stripping
at me while you tell me about religion.

Brennan: Liam, as you share that laugh with Preston and Lapin you suddenly
wake up, and Amethar and Ruby, you found Liam. He was passed out in a cavern
underneath in this old dragon's nest, this giant dragon's nest where there's
like, broken egg shells around and bones and stuff like that, but yeah, he's
just down here. He must have collapsed.

Ruby: Liam, you having a nap?

Liam: Oh, no, I, I just saw Lapin.

Amethar: What?

Liam: I just saw Preston.

Amethar: Wait, are they here?

Liam: I know the meaning of life.

Amethar and Ruby: What?

Liam: I don't need to be a war guy anymore. Hurt people hurt people, and
that's just a cycle of abuse I don't need to continue to act out. I need to go
start a garden.

Amethar: Okay, uh...

Ruby: Um, maybe...

Liam: I need to move to somewhere up north.

Amethar: Did you just?

Ruby: Hang...

Amethar: Did you have a bunch of dreams or what?

Liam: I don't know.

Brennan: You look down in your hand that you're gesturing with and you are
holding a brilliantly foiled seed, silver and yellow and green and purple and
it is as real as can be in your hand.

Ally: Okay, I relay everything that Lapin told me to them.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: And then I show them the seed.

Amethar: Wow.

Ruby: Are you supposed to plant the seed? What are you supposed to?

Liam: I think it's a wish. I don't really know how it works.

Ruby: Okay.

Amethar: I mean, I don't think I'm the guy for this.

Ally: Can I like, figure out what this, can I do like an Insight check or
something?

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check on it?

Brennan: Do an Arcana check on it.

Lou: I'm just gonna look at it.

Ally: I got a 10 on the Insight.

Siobhan: I got a 9, I rolled a 2, I got a 9.

Brennan: I mean, that's a magic goddamn seed.

Ally: Wow, cool. I put it in like a special seed holder. I still have my seed
book. I put it in my seed book.

Brennan: You take out your dusty seed book that you haven't used in quite-

Ally: Bunch of pressed flowers in it and I put the seed in one of the little
holders.

Brennan: Like pockets.

Ally: Like when you collect cards.

Brennan: You put it in there next to, like, some candy daffodil seeds and it
feels a little like, strange neighbors.

Ally: I'm like, hmm.

Brennan: Cool, and you guys ascend up out of the pit.

Siobhan: Can we, before we leave, check out the three of us check out that
third strange room? Just have a look at what's going on in there with the
enchantment magic, is that too scary?

Brennan: Sure, yeah, go ahead and give me an Arcana check as you walk in
there.

Siobhan: Okay.

Lou: Can I also give you an Arcana check?

Ally: Yeah, same.

Brennan: Yeah, sure, go for it.

Siobhan: I got a 13.

Brennan: 13.

Ally: A 13 as well.

Lou: [seeing his roll] Oh, no, no, no.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: When you roll so bad you just don't say it out loud.

Lou: It's embarrassing.

Zac: It was like almost a 15 and then it rolled.

Brennan: The Illusion magic has faded from here. There is still some
Conjuration magic here which makes you think that you are not going to see
lies in here anymore, that you will probably just see things that are true.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You look, Liam, and see that the ice crystals in here are flickering,
and that as they flicker...

Ally: Whoa.

Brennan: They are flickering with stories and like memories and things like
that. As they flicker with stories and memories you see that they're
flickering because they're disappearing and you can tell on the other side of
them that Lapin is taking them where they need to go.

Liam: Lapin's kind of cleaning up.

Brennan: Go ahead and you guys can give me either an Investigation or a
Perception check.

Siobhan: Can I use Yak?

Brennan: You can use, actually you can all roll this with advantage.

Lou: Wow.

Ally: Me too?

Brennan: You, too.

Siobhan: I rolled a nat 20.

Lou: I didn't, I rolled a 16.

Brennan: 16\. What'd Liam get?

Ally: Not- Like 10 or something.

Siobhan: Even with advantage?

Brennan: Cool, what is Liam kind of...

Ally: Oh, 14, but still.

Brennan: 14\. What are you kind of looking for as you look? Anything in
particular?

Ally: I mean, maybe I'm kind of, I'm trying to see if, I know Lapin is taking
everything.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: And I know that we were kind of hoping to use this cache of like,
magical items to defeat everyone who's against us so maybe I'm trying to see
what is gonna stay that we could possibly use if anything.

Brennan: Of the things that are here, you see memories of cinnamon dragons
from ancient Candia. Truly enormous, huge.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: And monstrous and terrifying. Lots of weapons here, lots of lore
here. As you're thinking of Lapin you look back and see a memory of Lapin in a
sort of city, town in the Great Stone Candy Mountains as a young, scrappy
urchin. Like a pickpocket thief kid with no birthright or inheritance, low-
born and you see some standing stones of the Sugar-Plum Fairy and you see a
holy place where different scrolls and stories of the Sugar-Plum Fairy have
been amassed by the priests of the Sweetening Path sort of freer to go about
their business here in the mountains. And you see a young Lapin break into a
small monastery of Sweetening Path druids and steal an ancient bound tome with
a ritual on it to summon the Sugar-Plum Fairy, bind it, and get three wishes
granted. And you see this little kid do this ritual with not even necessarily
really being able to read or know what they're doing, do the ritual, and the
Sugar-Plum Fairy herself showing up and the bindings not working. And instead
of being bound, in an act of mercy or perhaps in an act of manipulation the
Sugar-Plum Fairy saying,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: I'm not going to give you three wishes. In fact, you're
going to give them to me.

Brennan: And the young rabbit replies, you know, or what does Lapin, a young
Lapin in this memory say?

Lapin: Oh, no.

Lou: He always sounded like that?

[cast laughing]

Brennan: And the Sugar-Plum Fairy saying,

Sugar-Plum Fairy: But your wishes won't be of much use if you have no magic to
grant them.

Brennan: And you see her granting the first magical powers to Lapin and making
him a warlock.

Ally: Cool.

Siobhan: Dude was so cool, we didn't even know.

Brennan: Didn't even know. You see a world without an afterlife and a world
without gods and a world that has to come up with its own answers for itself.
And there is no wisdom in these memories that will save you, but you do have a
seed, and you don't know what it does, but it does something.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Amethar, what are you looking for?

Lou: I think having seen Sapphria earlier, looking for my sisters.

(peaceful instrumental music)

Brennan: You see many, many memories of your sisters. You see a memory of you
being about, you know, five or six years old skinning your knee down by the
Cola River and Sapphria picking you up in her arms and telling you, you were
gonna be okay and carrying you back up the hill towards the castle. You see
memories of Rococoa training you in swordplay, Citrina helping you with your
prayers and your studies, Lazuli making you the first cola concoction for you
to enter your rage. You see the memory of Rococoa dead on the ground and you
crying out and screaming. Out of cola, out of your ability to even rage and
you feel Gustavo's arms on you and you remember him saying something to you in
that moment of the fact that the world that she had died to build was going to
be one worthy of her memory. And you remember looking at his face and seeing
someone who had just killed the Imperator of Ceresia, and seeing a man who had
fought a war and you looked into his eyes as he wept for your sister and her
martyrdom and you knew that something that he and Rococoa both shared was a
vision for what the world would be like after the war. What's Ruby looking
for?

Siobhan: Show me the snakes.

Brennan: The what?

Siobhan: I wanna know who's betraying us. I want to know all of the goddamn
people. And I have a list and it's gettin' longer.

Brennan: With a nat 20 I'm gonna give you two things. You see a lot of them,
you see Calroy's got people in the army, no one close to you guys. You know,
Calroy was as close as it got, but you see who the snakes are. You see who's
talking on Jawbreaker's side. You see people in Saccharina's marauders. You
see people in the House of Rocks. Saccharina's crew's got the least of them
just because they're remote. And you don't see Saccharina in there at all. For
whatever fears or concerns you have there is no, Saccharina and no one within
one step from her is being deceitful about why they're in this fight. You also
don't see your mother in this. Who else do you not see? Yeah, you don't see
Joren Jawbreaker. The remnants of Candia that are still here are trustworthy.

Siobhan: What about the sisters?

Brennan: Rococoa, Sapphria, Citrina, and Lazuli? You see memories of all of
them. Strengths and heroism, faults, mistakes that were made, things that were
done and undone. You see all of them look back, and no.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: There was no betrayal. There was only sacrifice and tragedy and the
chaos of four different people that could have ruled and didn't live to.
Speaking of rulership, on a nat 20 is there anything else you are looking for?

Siobhan: Is this only information about candy people, like the...

Brennan: Only really Candian memories, I would say.

Siobhan: Okay… (sighs) I don't think so, I've seen Jet die too many times. I
don't think I need to see it again.

Brennan: Yeah, in that case I'll move your nat 20 one step down the table.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You see a memory that you've long forgotten about and someone that I
think in many episodes of this campaign we have not seen yet. Amethar, you're
about like 16 years old and you see King Jadain. There is a screaming argument
in the main hall in like the throne room of Castle Candy. War has yet to break
out, but the rumors of war are on the horizon. You hear your mother, Pamelia
Pomegrana, having it out with your four sisters. Your mother and your four
sisters despise each other and both sides in this disagreement are flexing on
your father who is being very silent and just trying his best to agree with
everybody. After a moment you see that you hear your father say,

Jadain: [slightly high-pitched, faintly accented] Yes, yes, obviously this
will be continued. We will find a resolution and I just need to use the
chamber pot and I will be right back.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: And you see that your father is a slim man of green hue. A little
shiny, but not translucent green rock candy steps out as the crown that has
never quite sat well on his head, it's a little too big for his head. And he
never wanted to kind of complain to get it resized. You see he comes out,
little mustache, and he walks out and doesn't see you. And you see he just
walks out and is just shaking and standing. (breathes with shivers) (gasps and
coughs) And you see he sits on one of the steps in the dark.

Amethar: Dad?

Jadain: (gasps) Oh! Amethar! Oh, very good to see you.

Amethar: Are you okay?

Jadain: I'm all right, yes, I'm all right. This was an awful lot of shouting.

Brennan: You see he takes the crown off and puts it on the ground next to him.

Jadain: (sighs) Your mother and your sisters, they are strong-willed to be
sure. Have very clear visions of the future of Candia. I wish I had that
clarity. (chuckles)

Amethar: You're gonna fight, right, Dad?

Jadain: Fight your sisters and your mother?

Amethar: No, everyone's talking about how war's coming. You're gonna fight,
right?

Jadain: No, no, no, no, no, Amethar. Remember, in sweetness there is strength
so we will, we must remember, Candia is a sweet land, and war does not fit us.
We are, we're at our best in times of peace and best not to act hastily or,
you know, by acting too quickly we might make more enemies. And that's
dreadful to consider. And yeah, the best path is the path of kindness and
remembering to, you know- Lost track of what I'm saying. This crown is heavy.
(laughs) Would you ever want to wear the crown?

Amethar: Oh, (chuckles) no. What? I mean, it's gonna be Rococoa, she's gonna
be...

Jadain: Of course, no, your sister Rococoa, she is, like even if she had been
born a commoner she probably would have barged in here and taken the crown for
herself. If you did want it you could have it, you know.

Amethar: I don't want it. I'm a war guy, like Joren.

Jadain: Yes, your uncle Joren. Well, there may be a time for war guys soon.
Sometimes I think about just leaving the crown here on the steps and walking
off into the woods some night. I never asked for this responsibility. I never
asked to make these decisions, you know. It's not fair. The world should be
fair. The world should be sweet, that's what it should be.

Amethar: I mean, you're the king though, so you gotta be the king.

Brennan: (wind howling) Those words echo in your head. You guys watch as the
last memories leave this room. As you leave and you rejoin your friends at the
base of the mountain, you know that Liam can get you guys to Castle Manylicks
no problem. Maybe like two or three days.

Theobald: Right, yeah. I think knowing that the Mold People are coming.

Saccharina: Yeah.

Theobald: Maybe we should just fill a few wagons and take what we can to
Castle Manylicks.

Brennan: Mm-hmm, there's a nearby...

Saccharina: Although we should set up a series of booby traps to really fuck
those guys up.

Ruby: Oh yeah.

Amethar: Sounds good.

Brennan: Awesome, I'm not even gonna make rolls for this. You guys are all
10th level characters. You have incredible resources at your disposal. There's
a nearby village that you can get to very quickly, especially as some of you
have abilities of like flight and teleportation and stuff like that. You get a
bunch of wagons here, load up the biggest deal stuff. And you see that Gooey
looks over at you, Saccharina, and says,

Gooey: If these Bulbians are on their way here, we don't have a chance to set
an ambush. What if there was no door to this temple, Your Majesty, when they
arrived?

Saccharina: You, are you implying that we explode it from inside?

Gooey: We can always come back to dig up the rest of the treasures later.

Saccharina: (sighs) I don't know how I feel about that. I've long revered this
place and, (sighs) I don't know if I could call for the ruin of such an
amazing place! I suppose as the queen I will consult my advisors. Cumulous.

Cumulous: Yes.

Saccharina: Do you think it wise to destroy this temple so that we may cover
our footsteps and the Sanctus Putris will not be able to detect anything that
we've done here?

Cumulous: We all know I like this stuff.

Saccharina: Me too, I, see? I'm in the same boat.

Cumulous: It's kind of all I'm about.

Saccharina: Yeah, I know, right?

Cumulous: But I think right now, we don't even really have to destroy the
temple. We can destroy the entrance and...

Saccharina: Okay.

Cumulous: Slow them down enough.

Saccharina: I like that, yeah, let's just fuck up the...

Swifty: I'd love to blow it up! I don't know if I'm included in the advisors
category, but...

Saccharina: Yeah, uh-huh, Swifty, yeah, we're gonna blow up the foyer and the
mudroom.

Swifty: Yes, yes! Fuck the mudroom!

Brennan: You- With a single slam of the Winterscoop. (slamming resounds)
(explosion rattling) The door collapses. You guys have three wagons full of
hardy, very frost-covered meeps that begin to cart your wagons away from here.
It is not all the vast treasures of Ancient Candia, but it's enough to outfit,
you know, probably like 100 soldiers. It's got books and text, the most
important, most dangerous tomes you guys got. So you scooped, you know, a
little scoop of cream off the top, no pun intended, got it in the wagons and
head out from there.

Ally: Cool.

Saccharina: We can go back and fix it.

Cumulous: Please.

Saccharina: One, honestly, it's gonna become a UNESCO protected site once I'm
done with it.

Brennan: You all journey from the Ice Cream Temple to Castle Manylicks, it's
three days through the freezing wilderness. Liam keeps you guys all alive. You
arrive at, standing atop a mighty crag, Castle Manylicks the home of House
Jawbreaker. You all get the wagons in. Jawbreaker, with the help of
Saccharina's marauders and the Order of the Spinning Star has retaken and his
castle is safe. And you see that also you see the flags of House Rocks flying,
that those forces have arrived as well and clearly are not worried about
Crusaders of any kind. It seems that they've joined up, they are reinforced,
and the trumpets blare strange, Northern, these are not like the long,
straight golden trumpets of Castle Candy, these are like curling mountain
trumpets. (trumpet blaring) (trumpet blares) As you guys approach you see
there's like, purple and pink-striped big horn rams up on the castle walls,
sort of tattered banners, big stone mounds of the Sweetening Path. One tiny,
little Bulbian church that been shuttered after the mission left it, and you
arrive here. And as the gates open you see Liam, you're sort of leading in,
you see that your older brother, Grash walks up and says,

Grash: Hey there Liam, did you get my letter?

Liam: Yeah, I did.

Grash: Well, I see he's still very much alive so clearly you're in for the ass
whooping of a lifetime!

Liam: Yeah, well, ask if he's king.

Grash looks over at Amethar, who just gives him A Look.

Liam: [threateningly] That's right.

Grash: Noted.

Liam: Yeah.

Grash: I should still whoop your ass anyway.

Liam: Yeah, you can fucking try. I'm a Gloom Stalker now, bitch!

Ally: And I shoot him.

Brennan: You shoot him in the shoulder and he goes. (screams)

Liam: Yeah!

Brennan: And you see that everyone screams and you see that he goes,

Grash: Liam is trying to kill me!

Brennan: And you hear a voice from a balcony saying,

Joren: Let it stand!

Brennan: And you look up and you see your dad salutes you.

Joren: You take that arrow.

Brennan: You see he says,

Joren: Grash, you leave the arrow in! If I see you take the arrow out, it's an
ass beating.

Murph: Theo is fucking horrified.

Lou: Yeah, I think for the first time I'm like, this was my role model?

Zac: Cumulous goes,

Cumulous: That is absolutely badass.

Saccharina: Liam, will you be the head of my archers?

Liam: Look, queen, I would love to serve you, but I've recently decided maybe
to be a seed guy than a war... I'm still figuring it out.

Saccharina: Okay.

Cumulous: You just shot that guy in the arm.

Liam: I know, look, I just, revenge is so tempting and it's just gonna keep
tempting me.

Ruby: Look, we can just vengeance it out and then go back to being...

Liam: Controlled revenge?

Ruby: Yeah.

Liam: Revenge, it's like getting a tattoo. It just leads to the next one.

Theobald: Look, Liam, you could be a war guy to become a seed guy again.

Saccharina: Also, I hatched Cinnamon from an egg, and isn't an egg sort of
just like a human seed?

Liam: Yeah, so...

Cumulous: Isn't gardening waging war on the ground?

Liam: You guys, I don't like all these new philosophies, okay?

Brennan: You see the doors open. Spearia is there, your 33 other parents are
there.

Ally: Yay!

Brennan: Joren welcomes you. Huge feast, music playing, big fires. Joren says,

Joren: To our new queen, Saccharina of the House of Frostwhip, long may she
reign! Anybody who wants to get slammed down big style come and see me.

Saccharina: Finally, I've heard so much about it.

Theobald: To the queen.

All To the queen!

Liam: Long may she reign!

Brennan: It is a fucking...

Emily: My poison taster tastes mine before I sip it.

Cumulous: I can taste it, I am immune to poison.

Ruby: So you won't be able to tell?

Cumulous: I don't know.

Murph: I also could but yeah.

Brennan: There are many days of feasting and merrymaking. The north of Candia
is a wild fucking place. There's a lot of rooms with gumdrop bear fur rugs
that smell of a lot of bodies doing a lot of stuff. There's like a thick mint,
sage haze everywhere so everything's like smoky. It's all lit by burning coal
and fires and smell of sweet. It's this big, pagan fucking castle.

Liam: Smells like home. Someone open a window, it smells like home.

Ruby: It's so cold outside.

Liam: I don't know.

Brennan: Within the first week of being here, you've lost track of time being
on the run so long and finally you're safe again. And at the end of that week,
Liam, it is your 18th Saints Day.

Ally: Whoa!

Brennan: The week of revelry ends and your dad comes over to you and says,
(sighs)

Joren: Your older brothers that are still here are turds.

Liam: Thank you!

Joren: I got you armor.

Brennan: Then he hands you-

Liam: You remembered it was my birthday!

Joren: Yeah, I remembered.

Liam: Does it say Preston on it? [touched] It says Liam.

Joren: Mm, Liam, that's right. This is the Chillguard, it's a breastplate.
Should keep your arms and legs free for jumping and scampering and doing all
that. I remember, you're the one that's always outside. Liam is the one who's
always outside.

Liam: Yes, that's me!

Brennan: He gives you a magic peppermint breastplate.

Ally: Sick.

Brennan: That raises your armor class to 16 so your armor class goes up.

Ally: Sick.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: And you may also cast Shield once per long rest.

Murph: Whoa.

Ally: Fuck yes! Once per round?

Brennan: Once per long rest.

Ally: Oh, oh, got it, yeah.

Murph: That would be insane.

Ally: I was like, that's crazy.

Brennan: Raises your AC by 6.

Ally: 1, yeah, yeah.

Zac: Permanently.

Ally: Cool.

Siobhan: You're invincible and you can fly.

Ally: Fuck, yeah.

Brennan: You see he just looks at you and says,

Joren: Uh, obviously, you know, we're out of the Concord now, and you know,
this whole ward business is over so you'll be back here at Castle Manylicks.
And you know, you're not next in line so you do whatever you wish, but yeah,
you're good out there and you did it, you know?

Liam: Thanks. I have been thinking though, you know, if I get married I don't
come back, right? I just go live wherever.

Joren: Yeah, that's right.

Liam: I don't, I haven't found someone like me yet, but I think I might get
married and I don't think I will come back here. (sighs) Everyone back here
are turds, and you have like 60 sexual partners. You're not gonna miss me.

Joren: I have to have sex with about three people a day just to keep people
happy.

(Emily laughs)

Liam: Can I just tell you right now, I'm asexual. I'm not aromantic, I'm
looking for a romantic partner, Dad. I'm nothing like you. Sex doesn't do it
for me. Seems a little clinical, a little sweaty, everything's wet!

Joren: Yeah, no, it's good.

Liam: Who signs up for that?

Joren: It's great, you get wet.

Liam: Multiple sources of wet, no!

Joren: I love stuff to happen to my holes I don't know what's going on.

Liam: Not me! So I think I'm gonna find some sort of sweetie to snuggle and
I'm gonna go back to being a seed guy.

Joren: Seed guy, war guy, you're my guy.

Liam: Aw.

Brennan: And he gives you a big hug.

Ally: I weep.

Brennan: You see he gives you a huge hug and he says,

Joren: Now, I gotta go fuck a couple people because it's been weeks.

Liam: Okay.

Joren: You know, we got 'em on rotation, it's just hard. You gotta really…

Liam: I saw that kind of chore wheel looking thing, but it wasn't chores, it
was just names and positions.

Joren: As much as you are proud of your asexual identity, I'm very proud of my
polyamorous identity.

Liam: Yeah, yeah, cool.

Joren: I do love my partners. I love all of them, the ones that I am wed to
and the ones that are more casual, but it's logistical. It's not a fucking
party, you know?

Liam: Okay.

Joren: If you're trying to...

Liam: Are you ever, yeah, okay.

Joren: You gotta take care of people, you know?

Liam: Okay.

Joren: It's about getting needs met. If you think the answers to life are
gonna be solved by going poly, you're crazy.

Liam: Yeah.

Joren: 'Cause it's just, it's a different type of thing to navigate and it
requires just as much respect and diligence if not more because you're trying
to handle more people.

Liam: Yeah.

Joren: Yeah.

Liam: Yeah, it is all about respect.

Joren: It's about respect, it's about communication.

Liam: Yeah, totally.

Joren: All right, I'm gonna go polish Chin Seeker so I can smash some heads!

Liam: Was that a sexual thing or was that a war thing? I'm losing track.

Brennan: So the Crusaders in the Great Stone Candy Mountains have been driven
out. There are still open Crusaders in the South, and it looks like the
Ceresian forces, the Imperial forces have backed out which means that the
Ceresian forces backed out with them based on a letter from the Duchess Primsy
Coldbottle written to all of the lords and ladies and nobles of the Concord
saying, the rumors are true that an heir other than Joren Jawbreaker is the
rightful claimant to the throne of Candia which means that all nations
invading Candia have broken the Concord and trials must be administered and a
meeting in Comida of the Cornucopian Council must be held and people held
accountable for what has happened and-

Ally: Fuck yeah, Primsy.

(Emily sneezes)

Murph: Bless you.

Brennan: And so, bless you. So you see that Ceresia has withdrawn because of
this and the Imperial forces-

(Emily sneezes daintily)

Brennan: Bless you.

Lou: Double bless you.

Ally: They're so cute! Do you want a tissue?

Emily: No, I'm okay.

Brennan: But the crusade still stands because that's not a matter of nations.
So there are like Vegetanian and Fructeran and Ceresian lords that have their
people, you know that are attacking which is much less of a threat, but it
does mean that there's still urgency that Southern Candia is burning. There
are people attacking, and the forces of House Cruller are letting them do
that. Very shortly thereafter, Saccharina, you have an official coronation.
And an envoy from the Dairy Islands arrives and a diplomat from the Meat Lands
arrives as well, both to witness this coronation and see that the claims of
the heir are true. A huge ceremony is held. What's Saccharina's ceremony like
at Castle Manylicks?

Emily: What is it like? (sighs) Okay, I know I said I wanted a party at a bar,
but I think that Saccharina is realizing she needs to put on a little more of
a show to get some respect so I think it's very, very lavish, very drunken.
There's a lot of fermented yak milk. And I think that, yeah, I think I like
walk down the aisle like a bride and deep down inside, like, I'm so
uncomfortable with it. And like every five minutes I'm like, going into the
bathroom and just being like, oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God, oh God, and then
just like leaving and looking as regal as I can.

Brennan: Mm-hmm, the ceremony is held. Your marauders cheer the loudest of
anybody. You see Gooey screaming, Jon Bon (barks) like barking and howling of
your insane mountain warriors and sailors and cutthroats.

Emily: Oh, I'm wearing a very fancy gown, but I am still wearing my plate mail
over it.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Cool.

Murph: I think Theo's trying to get everyone to do like a proper kneel.

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Like drop the knee. Like, everybody's getting rowdy.

Theobald: Okay, let's do this, this is official now.

Zac: Cumulous is testing wine still.

Cumulous: Not sure. Who knows.

Brennan: And for the first time you are sworn in by Spearia Mentha who, even
though she was like, she is the one who was married in the Bulbian church and
technically is like an ordained Bulbian, she just straight up performs a
Sweetening Path ceremony. There's no mention of the Bulb anywhere. It is a
full pagan ritual.

Emily: Yeah, buddy.

Brennan: And it's like, just enough for the Dairy Islanders and the
Meatlanders, the fact that Spearia is ordained in the Bulbian Church that it's
like, hey, we'll sign our names on this. We saw it, it happened, it's legal.

Emily: And then I think once things get like really rowdy we probably light
some Bulb Bibles on fire and shit.

Brennan: Hell yeah, hell yeah.

Ruby: Are we the bad guys? We're burning books. Feels like a slippery slope.

Liam: You know, I also didn't like this!

Theobald: The queen said to burn the books!

Cumulous: What are you talking about, Ruby? (ripping pages)

Liam: We're not burning all of them.

Ally: You get a temporary hit point.

Brennan: Ruby, as you say that you see that your mother, Caramelinda, looks
and shakes her head. She's a devout Bulbian, she's looking at it and...

(Siobhan sighs)

Brennan: The Duchess Primsy Coldbottle comes to you and says,

Primsy: Your Majesty, Queen Saccharina, it is a pleasure and an honor to swear
to you as the new queen of Candia. As the duchess of the Dairy Islands can I
just say that it is a delight to see something of a cousin on the throne of
Candia,

Brennan: And winks at you.

Saccharina: (laughs) Thank you, I mean, honestly your support means the world
and right back at you.

Emily: Curtsy to the duchess.

Primsy: Oh, that's very kind, I appreciate it. Well, the matter will need to
be sorted and there is a great deal to discuss. The laws of the Concord are
clear, and there must be some recompense for what has happened. We will…

Saccharina: Yes, I do expect that the Concord will see the injustices that
were committed against Candia rectified.

Brennan: Primsy also goes over to you, Liam, at the thing and she says,

Primsy: Um, well, Count Freezyberg, the Master Liam Wilhelmina.

Liam: Hello, Duchess, hi.

Primsy: You look rather charming in your new armor.

Liam: Thank you, my dad got it for me, actually for my birthday. It's my
birthday.

Primsy: That's lovely. Well, it's lovely to see you again, and thank you again
for your brave heroics on the battle.

Liam: Yeah, thanks.

Primsy: Ships.

Liam: Yeah.

Primsy: Do you still have my favor from the tourney?

Liam: Yeah, yeah, totally. (chuckles) What?

Primsy: Oh, nothing, just, you know, it's good to see you.

Liam: Yeah, good to see you, too.

Primsy: Um, Annabelle and Sir Morris were mentioning that seeing as my
previous husband was shot to the bottom of the sea by a magic dagger.

Liam: Mm-hmm.

Primsy: That I, and as a widow that my prospects were less than ideal.

Liam: Oh.

Primsy: And, um, you know, probably I would settle for a political marriage
with, you know, someone from another country who might, you know, probably not
a prince or anything, but maybe like a, you know, earl or maybe like a count.

Liam: That's so crazy 'cause I am a count.

Primsy: Really?

Liam: Um, yeah, I uh, I do think that ultimately we will have such a huge
misunderstanding in what we want out of the relationship, and I will strive to
maybe one day meet someone whose needs meet my own and there is-

Primsy: What sort of needs are you talking about?

Liam: It's honestly more like a lack of needs, but I am thinking about taking
a political marriage. See, I, um, I just feel like most people are like, I'm
so in love I'm going to bone that person and for me it's like, I'm so in love
I'm gonna hug that person really tight and move on with my day.

Primsy: Well, I don't have a problem with that.

Liam: Oh, that's really cool, yeah. Yeah, I just, you know...

Primsy: Listen, you know, I was very sweet on Stilton and I like to kiss, but,
you know, and I'm soon to be 17 and all of that should wait until I'm a woman
and grown.

Liam: Hmm, interesting.

Primsy: But I, to be honest, I've been mortified since I've been here.
[quietly] Everyone keeps talking about getting slammed down big style.

Liam: Yeah, it's a lot, and it's for those people, you know. That's what they
wanna do, it's just not me, it's absolutely not.

Primsy: My head is a milk bottle, and if I were to be slammed down in any sort
of meaningful way...

Liam: You'd die.

Primsy: I could die.

Liam: Yeah.

Primsy: So I'm not about that life.

Liam: Me neither, me neither.

Primsy: Would you like to hold hands and go on a walk?

Liam: I would love to. I would freaking love to!

Brennan: She holds your hand and goes on a walk with you.

Ally: Me and a milk bottle.

Siobhan: I would like to find my pops and say,

Ruby: And since Manta Ray's here I was thinking about getting Jet's name
tattooed above my heart, and I was wondering if you would like to do that,
too.

Amethar: Oh, let's make it double, Manta!

Manta Ray: Right there, sir.

Amethar: Two tattoos, stat.

Manta Ray: All right, you want it on like a little banner, you want it on a
heart, do you want to do it on an anchor or do you want it on a…

Amethar: Oh, that's a good question.

Ruby: Oh my goodness, I feel like a banner.

Amethar: Make mine a dagger like stabbing me, like, through my heart.

Ruby: Oh no, that's really cool. Yeah, I want that, too.

Manta Ray: I could do a banner over a dagger.

Amethar: Oh, that's dope.

Ruby: Yes!

Amethar: Right, let's do it!

Ruby: Man, this is the daddy daughter special, I think.

Brennan: You guys get two tattoos from Manta Ray that both say Jet on them.

Cumulous: I'll get whatever tattoo you want me to get.

Ruby: Okay, no.

Amethar: Honestly, what do you want?

Cumulous: Hm, um, well...

Ruby: What about a magical weapon?

Cumulous: A magical weapon?

Amethar: Yeah, you want like a big ax?

Ruby: Picture of a magical weapon.

Cumulous: Can I get a big ax on my back?

Saccharina: Ooh, could I get a big ax on my back also?

Manta Ray: Right, yeah, I'll probably need some more ink if we're doing a
full...

Amethar: Well, we'll find it.

Ruby: We'll find it.

Manta Ray: That's right, oh great.

Brennan: Cool, you guys get a bunch of tats, sweet fucking party.

Murph: Theo is cringing so hard as the queen gets a full back stick and poke
tattoo.

Saccharina: Yeah, yeah, I love the pain!

Lou: Amethar can't stop, he doesn't like that he is doing it, but can't stop
imagining Primsy Coldbottle getting smacked down big style and just, her head
shattering. It's just so gruesome.

Brennan: Yeah, you see, you know, Castle Manylicks has a lot going on and a
lot of it is frightening. You guys, so, you know, being safe, healing, you're
researching a bunch of stuff. There's a little bit of downtime here. Probably
what we should cover is, the four things you guys decided on before were
basically armies, allies, artifacts, and then attacking the castle, right? The
artifacts you've got, you have summoned your allies to you. Your armies are
all gathered. Basically what the deal is now is that there are still some
Crusaders in the Great Stone Candy Mountains that make life a little bit
tricky, and then there is this meeting happening potentially at Castle Candy.

(dramatic instrumental music)

Brennan: You guys end up having a war council after the sort of week of
festivities, Liam's Saints Day, the coronation. The attitude from your
advisors is one of, Ceresia has retreated, but given how important the
divvying up of Candia is, your other advisors are not holding up a lot of hope
that Primsy's letters are going to get the job done rather than mostly stall
people out. That without a Concordant Emperor or Empress there's not really a
Concord. And that if it were just to disband, maybe the Meat Lands and the
Dairy Islands would come to your aid, maybe they wouldn't, but certainly
Vegetania, Ceresia, and Fructera are the vast majority of people in Calorum.

Murph: Hmm, question, so is the main Crusader Army at Castle Candy now or are
they marching north?

Brennan: They are ransacking the Southlands and are pinned down in the Great
Stone Candy Mountains. Before you guys showed up, remember like, Keradin and
Grissini and a big Imperial and church force had besieged Castle Manylicks and
were taking over. And basically what happened is once Ceresia withdrew and the
Imperial forces withdrew along with it, the church, Keradin's church people
were just left and they didn't leave. So you've got a couple, like, Bulbian
Crusader armies that were like 1/3 of the original force still kinda scattered
in the Great Stone Candy Mountains.

Murph: Got it.

Saccharina: Do you have allies in Vegetania?

Amethar: Um, not really. I mean, the way the war happened, I mean, mostly the
Dairy Islands and Fructera were who I was with, Vegetania's-

Saccharina: But Fructera we can't trust right now.

Amethar: Of course.

Saccharina: Because of Plumbeline, right?

Amethar: Yeah.

Saccharina: Okay.

Theobald: Queen Saccharina, perhaps we could call upon our allies from the
Dairy Islands and the Meat Lands to meet us here and help defend Castle
Manylicks while a force and the rest of us go to retake Castle Candy?

Saccharina: I see, so you're saying sort of a distraction war while we ambush
those meeting?

Theobald: I think a way to defend Castle Manylicks without losing too many of
our own troops would be to get some Dairy Islanders here.

Saccharina: To be clear, is Cruller's, I remember Cruller was trying to
orchestrate some sort of coup or some sort of new Concord. Do we know the
timeline? Have we intercepted any missives, like if they're still doing that?

Brennan: If you guys would like to, you can go ahead and give me a group
espionage check. So go ahead and either give me-

Siobhan: This game rules.

Brennan: So what I'm gonna ask you guys to do is give me either Stealth or I
would say, you can give me either Stealth, Insight, or Perception and it'll be
a little bit good if your group can clear a 15 and incredible if you can clear
a 20.

Emily: Can Cinnamon give me advantage?

Brennan: I'm actually gonna say that you get advantage from the artifacts that
were taken. And you see that there are two artifacts that are set up in Castle
Manylicks, one of which is a crystal pool of milkshake that you can gaze into.
And another is a swarm of white chocolate ravens that show up and you can send
them over the countryside to...

Saccharina: (laughs) Fly my birdies, fly!

(ravens cawing)

Siobhan: We're definitely the bad guys. Oh, wow!

Emily: I got two 15.

Murph: Jesus Christ, I got a 1.

Emily: 23.

Brennan: 23?

Siobhan: Yeah, I got a...

Zac: 22.

Ally: Nat 20, and I have plus 12 to that.

Siobhan: Jesus.

(Brennan cheering)

Siobhan: Is that enough?

Saccharina: Master of arrows, what have you found?

Brennan: (laughs) Over the course of a couple of weeks the Witch Queen of
Candia sits in her throne atop this tall tower in a pagan castle in the North
of Candia sending fleets of ravens out and gazing into this pool of milkshake.
You lead a contingent of peppermint rangers, and just like assassinate
couriers. You shoot messenger ravens down out of the sky that are being, or
like messenger owls out of the sky, Ceresian owls. You intercept supply lines,
find things there. Who else got a 20 or above, Cumulous? Yeah, your Order is
fully empowered again. You guys have all these tools at your disposal again.
You start getting the teleportation grids back online. And you guys are just
fucking ghosts in the night. Also, because there's a crusade on, you're still
at war so your guys are not just going to Candia, you're dipping into Ceresia,
into Fructera just like striking out into the night.

(Zac snaps fingers)

(Brennan laughs)

Emily: Can my ravens tell me if, like, if they see like magic waking up across
the land?

Brennan: We're actually going to go to a scene. I think that this is probably,
the people that rolled 20s were Saccharina.

Emily: 23.

Brennan: 23.

Emily: Not nat.

Brennan: This, and a nat 20 here. You guys arrive at a village, a rather large
town in the southern area of the Great Stone Candy Mountains near toward where
the lowlands start again. Your marauders have hit this place and you knew that
there was an envoy of the Imperator here. Fires rise from the buildings around
here as, 'cause the Crusaders either killed or drove out everyone that was
here except for the people that were loyal to the Bulbian Church. You see that
in the night with fires everywhere the doors of the church are opened. You
have some peppermint rangers here. You're here with the Order of the Spinning
Star. And your marauders, Gooey and Jon Bon are dragging clergy out of the
Bulbian Church and throwing them on the ground in front of you. There's dead
Crusaders all around here. And one of the priests is like, grabbed by the
hair, brought up onto his knees. Blood is coming out of his eyes, and you see
Jon Bon says,

Jon Bon: Produce the letter.

Brennan: You see he reaches in and takes something stamped from the Pontifex
herself.

Saccharina: Thank you. (clears throat)

Brennan: You see that as he pulls the letter out his holy symbol of the Bulb
shows. Cinnamon wrapped around your shoulder just goes. (snarls) And his eyes
glow red as he sees the Bulb.

Emily: I grab the holy symbol then Create Bonfire on it.

Brennan: (fire roaring) As you do, you see that this Bulbian priest, a glow
appears on his chest over his heart and you see that almost like dim
spotlights, Cinnamon's eyes are trained on this priest's heart. (snarls)

(epic instrumental music)

Saccharina: [sighs, clears throat, then says in a whisper] Okay. Go for it,
baby.

Brennan: (snarls and mimics chomping) You see Cinnamon leaps on the priest,
bites his throat out. Your marauders raise their axes and start beheading the
priests here in front of the Bulbian Church. The villagers start screaming.
Your marauders say,

Marauders: Let no one leave!

Brennan: They rush after the villagers.

Saccharina: No, save the villagers, they're fine.

Brennan: You see that they turn to you,

Marauders: Yes, my queen.

Brennan: The villagers turn to look at you as the fire rages around their town
and you see there is a cracking and sundering of bone as Cinnamon wriggles.
You see that Cinnamon devours this Bulbian priest's heart. As Cinnamon does
so, you see that. (snarls and growls) And you could swear he's a little bigger
than he was before.

Emily: [barely audible] Oh my God that is so fucked up. [normal] Um, I think I
see this and I'm like, I think it's awesome, but I also take my Winterscoop
staff and I cast Cone of Cold to put out the fires.

Brennan: (wind whooshing) You see that the fires begin to go out, the
villagers look at their saved village. These are like, Candian villagers who
were just conquered by these Crusaders, but they are also looking, you see
many of them wear Bulbian symbols, symbols of the Bulb and are looking at
these slaughtered priests that also just took part in conquering and occupying
their village and just gaze in horror.

Saccharina: Many of you went to the Bulb to be saved, but hopefully today
you'll remember what really saved you.

Brennan: (snarls and roars) Fire and Cinnamon looks at the rest of the
clergy's bodies around the ground.

(Cinnamon growling)

Emily: Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God! (laughs) Uh… I let him do it.

Brennan: (growling and chewing) The villagers watch as the fires extinguish
and the only light left in the dim night of the village is the glow from
behind Cinnamon's jaws as he eats and eats and eats. (hands rubbing swiftly)
You guys arrive after many weeks of this.

Ally: Was there anything in that letter that you got?

Emily: Oh yeah.

Brennan: Oh yes, the letter.

Emily: Oh, right, the letter. I undo Create Bonfire and just chuck the holy
symbol over my shoulder. (clears throat)

Brennan: In the letter is word from the Pontifex to Sir Keradin to arrive to
protect and accompany her to Castle Candy. She says, the meeting will take
place at Castle Candy on the 13th day of Highharvest. This is right now 28th
day of Harvestdawn, so you have a little over two weeks.

Saccharina: Master of arrows, your carrot will be at Castle Candy on the 13th
of Highharvest if you wish to take a break from gardening.

Liam: I will probably do that.

Brennan: (chuckles) You have your date. You know that they will all be there.

Ruby: Let's plant that carrot in the soil.

Liam: No, 'cause then he would flourish.

Ruby: Fuck.

Liam: Let's put that carrot in a hot car.

Ruby: Ah.

Liam: 'Cause you forgot about...

Theobald: Garbage disposal.

Liam: Yes!

Ruby: Yes, there we go.

Emily: Right, right, right.

Ally: Ooh, I wish I could make all my arrows become a garbage disposal.

Siobhan: That would be sick.

Brennan: At the war council after you get this information you guys meet back
up again at Castle Manylicks. Gooey comes to you before the war council and
says,

Gooey: Uh, Your Majesty, there's a rumor that some of the Crusaders have fled
to Port Syrup and are waiting for extraction by the church. I'd be happy to go
and take care of it.

Saccharina: Yes, I dispatch you to do so.

Brennan: This is about...

Saccharina: How are things going with Theo?

Brennan: She says, uh… [to Murph] how are things going with Theo?

Murph: I feel like we're kind of, I feel like Theo, like, in this sexually
charged castle is actively avoiding Gooey in like a way that, just like, try
to be so professional so he literally, but he's such a hang-around that he's
just out of, like within earshot of the Queen basically at all times and then
when Gooey leaves, just walks up.

Brennan: Cool, you see that Gooey's like,

Gooey: (sighs) Your Majesty... He's being weird, I don't get it, it's...

Saccharina: He is being weird. I'll order him to stop being weird.

Gooey: Don't order him to fuck me.

Saccharina: Okay, I won't, I won't.

Gooey: That's not.

Saccharina: No, no, no, no, no, no.

Gooey: I hate that, yeah.

Saccharina: Not to fuck you, just to stop being weird.

Gooey: To stop being weird, I appreciate that. It's just like, look...

Saccharina: What if I order him to follow his heart?

Gooey: That's beautiful.

Saccharina: Yeah, I'll do that.

Liam: Can I ask you a question?

Gooey: Yes.

Liam: Would it be good? Would a gummy bear and chocolate be good?

Saccharina: Yeah, haven't you ever had a movie popcorn salad?

Liam: No, what, what is that?

Saccharina: It's just where you put, it's like where you put a bunch of candy
together in with popcorn.

Liam: Okay, that's good, I like that.

Brennan: So Gooey says,

Cumulous: Are we joining the Ceresian?

Liam: Hey.

Saccharina: Only the ones that are willing to do a movie popcorn snack.

Liam: Okay.

Brennan: Gooey says,

Gooey: We can go and root the Crusaders out from Port Syrup.

Brennan: And this is about three days after finding the letter in the village
and you see she says,

Gooey: And I'd also be happy to take your sweet, rambunctious son along with
us.

Brennan: And you see that she, Cinnamon is about the size of a horse now.

(Ally whistles)

Saccharina: I… I believe there will be many more Bulbian hearts for him. I
think we're just gonna stick around here and practice some tricks.

Gooey: As you wish, Your Majesty.

Brennan: You see that Cinnamon looks up at you with sad little eyes. Or not
at, he looks eye to eye with you and you see he looks at Gooey going away and
goes (snorts softly) as little bits of smoke come out of his nostrils.

Saccharina: Wait.

Gooey: Your Majesty?

Saccharina: (sighs) Give the boy what he wants.

Brennan: (snorts and snarls) You see he nuzzles up against you and snorts a
little bit of ash and cinnamon on you.

Saccharina: I've never had the love of family before and I can't say no to
you!

Brennan: You see Gooey takes the chain off his neck. He flaps his wings and
she says,

Gooey: Well, we'll take a teleportation circle, but Cinnamon, I think you know
what to do.

Brennan: And he (screams and mimics wind howling) takes off into the sky to
fly west to Port Syrup.

(Emily sighs)

Brennan: You guys have your little war council now knowing the information
that you know about the 13th day of Highharvest.

Cumulous: What if we spread misinformation about the status of Castle
Manylicks and we made it seem as though we were being attacked by the
Meatlanders and then we just abandoned the castle and attacked King Candy at
full force?

Saccharina: Yes, I had a similar thought, staging some sort of military
distraction.

Theobald: The only problem with that is that that would make them reinforce
Castle Candy even more.

Saccharina: Ah, yes, if they thought that the Meatlanders...

Theobald: We could, though, do something like that and it would be, without
even dragging the Meatlanders into it, we could pretend that there's more
conflict between House Jawbreaker and the new queen.

Saccharina: That's one way, we could also...

Liam: Wow, yeah.

(dramatic instrumental music)

Saccharina: We could also spread a false information that we have a, that
we've planned an assault on somewhere in Ceresia.

Theobald: That might just lead to, the Ceresians, it sounds like, already have
reason to maybe not attack us.

Brennan: You actually know that the Ceresians are holding about 40 miles of
Candian territory in Gumdrop Pass which is the main pass from Ceresia into
Candia so they've, they're still technically invading, but they like, you know
what I mean?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: They withdrew their troops, but Gumdrop Pass is such an important
strategic location that they couldn't give it all the way up.

Saccharina: I know that we all have those who are disloyal to us so I do not
think it would be hard to get that information in a way that felt authentic.

Theobald: We have this dragon. There'll be rumors just by seeing Cinnamon.

Saccharina: Sending the dragon, yeah, yes.

(epic instrumental music)

Ruby: We're gonna kill them all, right? I know I keep saying it, but...

Saccharina: I mean, honestly that's definitely my plan.

Amethar: Great.

Ruby: Okay, great.

Saccharina: Yeah, I'm like, trying to keep the bloodlust at bay a little bit,
but when I go there I'm gonna just fully unleash it.

Liam: Yeah.

Amethar: Great.

Ruby: Do we want to go as an army or do we want to go as a small force? We all
know the castle better than everybody there except maybe Cruller.

Saccharina: From fighting alongside all of you I feel as though a carefully
plotted assassination may be in our advantage.

Cumulous: We were able to sneak out of the castle, do you think that we could
sneak back in?

Amethar: I mean, if we use their teleportation circles and slip, you know,
through the same way that, Theo, you made it out, we could probably get deep
inside the castle with a small force.

Cumulous: And have a bigger force attack the outside or something.

Liam: Mm-hmm, have a wave, we're the first wave and then we have...

Theobald: I think that's the move is if about 1/3 of their forces are still
down by Castle Candy that means we should bring people with us, but we could
sneak in as a small group on the castle.

Amethar: Itself.

Theobald: And that way if there's fighting outside and fighting inside they
can't bring too many people into...

Amethar: Exactly.

Brennan: You see that Snickersnack speaks up and says,

Snickersnack: Um, my Lord Cumulous, uh, the standing stones within days'
travel of Castle Candy have been destroyed. The Crusaders have done their work
there. So a teleportation could move us throughout the Great Stone Candy
Mountains, perhaps some places in the West Cake still, but to make it all the
way to Castle Candy speedily the teleportation stones are not available to us.

Brennan: You see that Manta Ray speaks up and says,

Manta Ray: Right well, Annabelle is headed with her new fleet of ships to Port
Syrup and would be there in a few days' time. There's a, if you're looking for
a fast way to get to Castle Candy, a few Dairy ships going up that way could
probably sneak by, maybe no more than two or three, but if you are talking
about a small force to just take the castle back, it could be enough.

Liam: That's great.

Theobald: All right.

Saccharina: I definitely want to send my ravens to explore if there are many
encampments around Castle Candy or not. Like if it feels like there's a
military presence there or.

Theobald: That's a good idea.

Saccharina: Just to make sure that we're not trying to sneak up on an entire
army.

Brennan: Gotcha. Go ahead an give me an Insight check or Perception.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: Can I help?

Brennan: Sure, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Emily: Okay, 14.

Brennan: 14\. Yes, it's hard to tell because again, it's not a unified army.
There's a lot of Crusaders. If this were an army that was completely unified
you'd be really fucked. Because it's sort of a Crusade with a bunch of lords
that are basically coming here to, like, loot Candia, destroy religious
artifacts and relics, it's possible that there's not a clear chain of command
so that if you were able to hit Castle Candy fast enough and slyly enough with
a fighting force you could potentially take it back while those people were
there. But the risk is, if you don't take it back fast enough the Crusaders
around don't have the response time of an army, but if you weren't able to
take it back fast enough they would eventually be alerted and close in on the
castle.

Emily: How long would it take for a dragon to fly from where we're talking
about dispatching Cinnamon to Castle Candy?

Brennan: Oh, a dragon flying over land could get there in no time.

Emily: Okay, so we have backup if it goes terribly.

Theobald: We could also, we're talking about spreading misinformation. It
doesn't even necessarily have to be misinformation. We could just send troops
south hoping that that'll draw out some of theirs to meet us in the middle.

Saccharina: Yes, I agree.

Theobald: And then we go.

Brennan: You see that Joren says,

Joren: Where are you thinking? Where will we send troops to? Send a larger
force?

Theobald: Make it look like we're sending a large force to Castle Candy and
draw out people to meet in the middle. Leave enough people here obviously to
defend your castle, but do you get what I'm saying?

Saccharina: Oh, yeah, yeah.

Theobald: Make it look like we're planning on waging a slow war, that we're
not doing that to, you know, assassinate the people, the powers that be.

Ruby: Yeah, maybe we send an army to a place where we would have an obvious
advantage so it looks like that's our big play.

Theobald: Like we're planning to do a siege or something?

Ruby: Right, or even like, we have the upper land.

Theobald: Yeah.

Saccharina: Yeah.

Ally: Can I investigate the seed to see if maybe I would know when is the
right time to...

Brennan: Mm-hmm, yeah. Give me an Investigation.

Ally: That is 15.

Brennan: It doesn't appear that there's a right time right now. It seems like
this is a very powerful magical thing, but right now it doesn't seem like, you
know, but what's interesting is it does seem kind of like a seed in terms of
like, maybe planting it would be the right thing to do, but you don't know.
It's weird 'cause that place you got it from was such a place of dreams and
thoughts and ideas that you're like, do I plant it in the ground or plant it
in my mind? You know, like, it's confusing to, even with a 15, it's still
confusing to Liam. But you don't think it needs to happen right now. You think
you can wait on it until a moment where it seems like the thing you must do.

Ally: Okay, yeah, cool.

Brennan: Awesome, you see that Joren looks up and says,

Joren: Well, yeah, well I mean, we can send up an army just marching straight
south out of the mountains. We can send an army to the east to try to take
Gumdrop Pass and try to make it seem like we're trying to block them in. We
could send one to Port Syrup and try to bolster the port, whatever you think.

Saccharina: I wonder if...

Theobald: What do you think?

Saccharina: I like the idea of staging an invasion on Castle Candy, but far
away.

Amethar: Mm-hmm.

Saccharina: And sussing out their troops and distracting them north of the
castle while we enter from the Cola River.

Theobald: They'll likely send troops north because they'll be afraid of our
troops getting near the Pontifex.

Amethar: Exactly.

Saccharina: Exactly.

Brennan: Joren nods. And you see that Primsy speaks up and says,

Primsy: I think it high time that I write to Lord Cruller and say that I, on
behalf of the Dairy Islands would like to recognize House Cruller as the
rightful rulers of Candia.

Saccharina: Primsy.

Cumulous: So that he's not expecting any sort of siege?

Primsy: Or so that he is...

Saccharina: That is good.

Primsy: Or so that he is...

Amethar: He's kind to Dairy Island ships and all that.

Saccharina: That is good.

Primsy: So that he is expecting three Dairy Island ships bearing the duchess
to Castle Candy.

Saccharina: We got a shark amongst us, yes, I love it!

Primsy: Oh, you've been awful sweet, Your Majesty.

(Emily and Brennan laughing)

Brennan: She nods and curtsies. Yeah, she's a fucking baller.

Emily: Great.

Brennan: You all get ready to head out and meet Annabelle at Port Syrup who's
coming with some Dairy Island ships. You guys arrive at Port Syrup. This is
the 10th day of Highharvest. You have three days before you need to be at
Castle Candy. You arrive at Port Syrup and see the joyous port city reduced to
rubble. The Bulbian churches that did not ring out when Amethar first landed
here are utterly destroyed. And the city is surviving.

(sinister instrumental music)

Brennan: You know, there's not like active open flames. The flames have been
put out by this point. But you see the population of the city walking in the
shadow of war. The people look terrified. There is no clamor from the
marketplace. There is no cry of gulls. The smell of ash burning puts a dim
silence over the city as the Dairy ships stand in the harbor. You see that
Gooey walks up to you, the marauders salute and bow,

Marauders: All hail queen Saccharina, all hail!

(pounding and grunting)

Saccharina: Okay, love the spirit, guys!

Brennan: (growling) A shadow is cast over the buildings. A towering, bright
red cinnamon head. (pounding) And a dragon the size of a house (snarls) slinks
his long neck on the ground and like a dog pushing his head forward on a rug
moves a head the size of a carriage so that his nose rests in front of you and
(snorts softly) puffs of smoke.

Saccharina: I missed you, too.

(Cinnamon inhales and exhales sharply and growls)

Liam: Is there a way to, like, cast Invisibility on this dragon? Or like, make
it so that we don't...

Ruby: I mean, Invisibility isn't size dependent. It's just a creature.

Saccharina: Oh, I was going to dispatch Cinnamon to the-

Emily: We're like in private right now, right?

Brennan: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Saccharina: I was going to dispatch Cinnamon with the fake.

Amethar: To make it that much more of a threat.

Emily: Yeah, yeah.

Cumulous: He can also go burn up that Ceresian line.

Saccharina: Yeah.

Theobald: You could also just have him kind of lie in wait in the mountains
nearby and have him swoop in if things get super dire.

Saccharina: Yeah, he's just got like a real fighting spirit and I feel like if
I do that he's just gonna follow us. I feel like I need to give him something
to do.

Liam: Okay, cool, I like him being in the dispatch, that's cool.

Saccharina: Because then he'll be close to us so he can save us if need be.

Theobald: Yes, I think we need him close, that's what I'm saying.

Saccharina: Are you worried that I'm putting him in danger?

Murph: (sighs) Um, I look at Cinnamon. Cinnamon doesn't seem, does Cinnamon
seem like Cinnamon could be in danger?

Brennan: Does Cinnamon seem like he could be in danger? No. (laughs)

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Here in the ruins of Port Syrup, no. Cinnamon does not look like he's
in danger. He looks fucking fine.

Emily: I take out some dragon nip and lay it around so he can roll around in
it.

Brennan: (mimics Cinnamon snorting) Rolls around.

Siobhan: Can I talk to Annabelle?

Brennan: Annabelle is in the harbor so you head to the harbor. Amethar, what
are you up to right now?

Lou: I mean, I think I'm just like wandering around this, just sacked city.

Brennan: You walk around the sacked city looking at the ruined churches and...

(gentle instrumental music)

Brennan: You see that there is, you know, these are the churches that
specifically didn't ring out for you when you came as a statement of disavowal
of you as an oath breaker. The only thing that dimmed your arrival in the
happy city of Port Syrup which was a loyalist, pro House of Rocks city, there
is a ruined church that the spires have come down and the central area is
collapsed, but the door and gate is still there, warped and buckled in by the
force of a blast of fire. And the smell of death and cinnamon echoes off of
it. You see that there is an incinerated body with its hand against the church
door and a weapon fused into what remains of a skeletal hand as though it was
holding the door shut and standing in front of it as it faced something. You
look at the armor and see that through the, it's covered, you can't tell what
kind of armor it is. It's covered in ash and soot and cinnamon, but there's
something about it that looks familiar to you.

Lou: Can I investigate?

Brennan: You rub your hand across the armor and it reveals a burnt and
corroded cheese. This is Morris Brie's armor.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Emily: There were cheese crusaders?

Zac: Morris Brie was sent-

Ally: No.

Emily: He was just an innocent victim.

Brennan: Morris Brie was the Dairy Islander knight that you guys left in
charge of Port Syrup, is the one that challenged Liam to a duel. And Liam
asked if he was Bulbian and he said, of course.

Lou: Can I pick, can I take it off of him?

Brennan: Yeah, you pick him up. His remains are still within the armor, his
helm fused here, his bones, in the blast of fire that killed him he had his
armor turned into his coffin.

Lou: Yeah, I think I hold it. Is there, do I get the sense that anyone is
still inside?

Brennan: It looks like the church collapsed and anyone that was inside or
anything like that, it's been left. You look at why this body is still here
and you realize that is was just, you were able to pry it off and probably no
one else was strong enough because it had fused partially to the door and the
stone beneath it.

Lou: Got it. Yeah, I think I just sit next to it and just sit.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Emily: Can I talk to Sir Theobald?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Saccharina: Um, (clears throat) Sir Theobald, I require your council.

Theobald: Yes, my queen.

Saccharina: Okay, sorry, just a formality.

Theobald: Right.

Saccharina: I trust you enough to tell you my weaknesses which I do not trust
everyone enough to do that with. Cinnamon is the first creature in my entire
life who has ever freely and immediately loved me. Everyone else I have had to
fight tooth and nail to prove myself to, but Cinnamon just loved me for no
reason just because I existed.

(soft instrumental music)

Saccharina: I will have a very difficult time saying no to him, and I want to
say to you that just, look out for me, my… I don't necessarily, I don't know
what to do about, I don't know that my love for him is stable or rational.

Theobald: If, (clears throat) if I can speak freely, um, I will say that it
does not seem like Cinnamon saved Port Syrup but-

Saccharina: Yes.

Theobald: Destroyed it before the crusaders could have it and that's...

Saccharina: That is also my concern, and that is why I speak to you now.

Theobald: I think if we are to use Cinnamon to our advantage then I don't
think it something that we can take lightly, that it's something that can be
sent off as if it's a footman holding a spear.

Saccharina: Yes, I think even though I love him, I really can't control him.

Theobald: Well, yes, he's new to this world and you are his mother. You have
to discipline him and make sure he, this is, you have a great responsibility.

Saccharina: Are you telling me to ground him? Are you telling me to ground
him?

Theobald: I think he might need to be grounded.

Saccharina: I just, I don't know if I can ground him. I'll, no allowance.

Brennan: I think when Theobald says discipline, perhaps not right away but
maybe moments after the conversation ends Saccharina remembers all of the ways
in which she was disciplined as well.

(Emily sighs heavily)

Brennan: Ruby, you go to the docks and you find Annabelle Cheddar sort of
looking around at the chaos and devastation but also kind of, you can see her
compartmentalizing and looking at that and then also realizing that she's
about to go off to war and doesn't have time to deal with this.

Ruby: Annabelle, I think you're really cool, you, you also lost your titles,
your lands, your power. How did you, I guess what I'm asking... this is bad,
right? I'm not just blinded by this, I don't know, jealousy or anger or...

Brennan: You see that she puts a hand on your shoulder and says,

Annabelle: Ruby, I'm sorry, I'm not sure what you're asking me. Is the world
bad, is this bad, what do you mean? The sack of the city? Aye 'tis bad, aye,
you're not wrong. My father, the Prince Tarthur Cheddar told me that he would
disown me of my title and the throne of Lacramor, my future as the princess of
the Dairy Islands unless I wed and produced an heir. I had no interest in
doing that, so I chose to be a captain, take my ship, my crew into the open
sea.

(calm instrumental music)

Annabelle: I was not willing to be less than free and so I gave up power and I
think in a way I gave up responsibility as well.

Brennan: She looks around and says,

Annabelle: I could have lived a life of misery and perhaps the Dairy Islands
would have recovered more from the war if I had. How do you see those scales
though? Your freedom on one side and your joy versus the world and I'll never
know if it was the right choice, but I do know that if I am to be free and to
look to the horizon with clear eyes, then I need to reckon with this truth.
The things I didn't decide were as much my decisions as the things I did, and
what I turned my back on was my responsibility, too, even as I left them
behind. So I'll take my freedom, but I won't take it without reckoning what it
cost. I need to speak with your father.

Ruby: Okay, I'll tell him.

Brennan: She nods. The rest of you guys get ready to get into the ships, sail
down the river. Amethar.

Lou: Mm-hmm?

Brennan: Annabelle comes up to you. Where do you think you are on the ship?

Lou: The helm, or, that's the front?

Brennan: Up on the prow, oh yeah, yeah, yeah, you're up in the prow.

Lou: The prow.

Brennan: The prow of the ship. She walks up to you. You're alone up here, it's
just you and Annabelle. She looks at you and says,

Annabelle: Your Majesty, I know we have...

Amethar: Uh, yeah.

Annabelle: Amethar, I know we have, much has changed and there's now bigger
fish to fry so to speak.

Amethar: Yeah.

Annabelle: We found, well, we found Catherine Ghee.

Amethar: Oh, oh.

Annabelle: Or I should say, Amethar, we found where she is buried.

Amethar: Oh, um, well, where was she?

Annabelle: (sighs) She was in a small grave on the Isle of Crumble off in the
far West. She's buried there in a small graveyard of a Bulbian church and
there was a, we weren't sure. Her name was there, but Catherine Ghee's a
rather common name so we checked in with the church and there was a Father
Belford Buttercream who had noted her death there in the ledger. She passed
away many long years ago actually. She passed away,

Brennan: You see she opens a scroll and looks at it and says,

Annabelle: She passed away on the 12th day of Harvestdusk, 1196.

Amethar: Um, hey, thank you so much for doing that. I think I'm, that's
important to know.

Annabelle: She was not a woman of letters, but Father Buttercream had some
writings on her and her confiding in him. And she was taken with illness later
in life after giving your daughter away. And she had become quite scared, I
think, of retribution from your family or, she had become quite religious and
notes about her daughter and such, but she was not a woman of letters so left
nothing behind. I'm sorry for your loss, as strange as it may sound. And I
know it's been almost 20 years, but...

Amethar: Thank you. I should go tell Saccharina.

Annabelle: Mm.

Brennan: You walk away and you find Saccharina on one of the ships.

Amethar: Hey.

Saccharina: Hm, Amethar. Have we business to attend to?

Amethar: Yeah, is now a good time?

Saccharina: I was in, yeah, no, that's good, yeah.

Amethar: Okay. I just found out from Annabelle that your mother is dead.

(somber instrumental music)

Amethar: And has been for some time.

Saccharina: Oh...

Amethar: Um...

Saccharina: (sighs sadly) I guess that's really weird to hear because I guess
I just assumed she had been. Can I ask you something?

Amethar: Yeah.

Saccharina: Who sent all those people to threaten her?

Amethar: [shakes his head in shock] I'm sorry?

Saccharina: When I was a child she lived in a constant fear because messengers
from Candia threatened her.

Amethar: What?

Saccharina: That if she ever tried to contact you they would silence her with
weapons.

Amethar: What, no, no, I sent people to find her, to… It was, I didn't, that's
not, that’s not, that’s not what I wanted...

Emily: Can I cast Detect Thoughts on him to see if he's?

Brennan: Give me a Wisdom save, Lou.

Lou: Okay. Uh… 14?

Brennan: Doesn't pass, what's Amethar thinking?

Emily: Yeah, I wanna know if he, like...

Lou: I don't remember...

Brennan: You never sent anyone to threaten her.

Lou: I wanted to find her.

Brennan: Find her. All of Candia's vast resources were bent on finding her
either to, for you, just to see her again.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: You, as dumb and young as you were, were very much in love. And
you're feeling all that. You're feeling like you loved Catherine Ghee and you
tried to find her and couldn't.

Saccharina: You tried to find her?

Amethar: Yes. I couldn't leave Castle Candia because all of my sisters had
died and I had to take their place, but, I mean, your mother was the only
woman I ever loved. And after the war I did everything I could within reason,
still honoring my sisters, to find her.

Saccharina: Oh...

Amethar: I had no idea that they had intimidated or threatened her. And if I
had, oh, the things I woulda done.

Saccharina: Oh, well, um, I guess I'm sorry for your loss as well then.

Amethar: Hey, I'm sorry.

Saccharina: For what?

Amethar: For everything. When I look at you, I get so confused. Like, I have
like 1,000 thoughts at once and I can't pick which one I wanna say. And some
of them are good and some of them are bad, but the life you've had, it just
feels like another one of the many things I messed up. And I'm not good at
this. I'm sorry.

Saccharina: It's okay, it means a lot that you tried to find her. [slowly] I…
I didn't know... that.

Brennan: Amethar leaves and you feel his mind move out of your Detect Thoughts
and detect again all of the feelings of Amethar's life, the role his sisters
played in it, and just the weeks and months and years of messengers returning
with no word or ability to know who they were looking for and also not knowing
why they were going because all their young king would tell them was, there's
a peasant in the Dairy Islands that I need to find.

Emily: In that Detect Thoughts, did I detect any affection for Saccharina or
did I detect hatred for Saccharina, or did I detect nothing? That's also fine
if I didn't.

Lou: There's a very small part of wanting to love her.

Brennan nods.

Emily: Wanting to love her, thank you.

Brennan: You walk away. Where does Amethar go after that?

Lou: I go to whatever my quarters are and I, is the Lady Caramelinda there?

Brennan: Yeah, she is.

Lou: And I sit with her.

Caramelinda: I saw you speaking to Annabelle up on the front. What's going on?

Amethar: My wife's, my wife's dead.

Caramelinda: (sighs) Well, I suppose I'm sorry to hear that. She sounds like
she was, well, I don't know anything about her.

Amethar: Yeah.

Caramelinda: I'm sorry that a person that you loved is gone. How did she die?

Amethar: Illness, got sick.

Caramelinda: Has she been dead long, was she?

Amethar: 20 years, long time.

Caramelinda: What did you say, Amethar?

(dramatic instrumental music)

Amethar: 20, 20 years.

Caramelinda: Amethar, when did she die?

Amethar: Uh, 1196.

Emily: [jaw drops] Oh my god.

Caramelinda: What day of 1196?

Amethar: Oh, fuck, I'm not good with...

Caramelinda: What day, Amethar?

Amethar: It was like the 12th day of Harvestdawn or some...

Caramelinda: Harvestdawn?

Brennan: You see she says,

Caramelinda: The 12th day of Harvestdusk.

Amethar: Well, Caramelinda, what's happening?

Caramelinda: [whispering] Amethar, we were wed on the 17th day of Harvestdusk,
1196.

Amethar: I'm sorry, I'm not a smart guy, I'm having a real hard...

Caramelinda: [slams her fist] You are not an adulterer! You are not an oath-
breaker! I will tell you what you are, Amethar! You are the King of Candia!

Amethar: Oh...

Brennan: And that's all for this week on "A Crown of Candy."

Lou: Wha?

Brennan: Tune in next week for the thrilling conclusion.

Siobhan: Bastard no more!

(Brennan and Emily laughing)

Ally: Wow!

(clapping)

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 16: For Candia! (Part
1)](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTQpwED8_hSXlE1tewnzQ7q_R8iSunadaIlWeYW7YrATDgQre0iRSnoE1xJHElg7dsPshoiAw-
zyy31/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647656822789&usg=AOvVaw2IGo2D3_y4Yaw-9nSRbSed)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

(alarm blares)

(epic instrumental music)

(men screaming)

Ruby: I think she's dangerous.

Caramelinda: There is always a potential that certain problems can solve
themselves.

Theobald: For Candia!

(shouts)

(wind howling)

(explosion)

Manta Ray: Let's get Amethar his home back, shall we? (grunts and screams)

Swifty: We gotta kill all those motherfuckers. All you gotta do is give me the
word.

[dragon roaring and snarling]

Vegetanian: Dragon!

* * *

Transcribed by Kyber Bonsai and Tillie the Paladin

Edited by Kyber Bonsai, Tillie the Paladin, gluegunshots, solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoyA_X51YJKtH7tXgoPyRPW2PjMNfW56sWnXLpEf1UQNTeu5z7wcW9rteZtam2M3w-u3dScIY9KeV53zqok:0)

Episode 16: For Candia! (Part 1)

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks; and Emily Axford as Queen Saccharina Frostwhip

Episode 16: For Candia! (Part 1)

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQdIOR9d_jJVNhnpvxbGNsb8lLaCY82gybZaa600orgwB2xnGTqij5DU4qy23XBeEL9ak8HWXI3wrnl/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647659872679&usg=AOvVaw1Z1hKAEtNeF8MLwyEOm9Je)
| [Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQpfZwJoBl3xhak74fbCsWawsLjHjFU-U3K0vbodMvDqbHnGllSdqnP0gf_vaQJtXNpA9x58TokkpxP/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647659873081&usg=AOvVaw2gEdqH55ogRj10La1WKFCX)]
>

[dramatic music]

Brennan: Welcome, one and all, to the final episode of "A Crown of Candy". I'm
your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee Mulligan, with me as always are our
intrepid heroes, say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: [sighs] Back where it all began, in Castle Candy, the sweet village
of Dulcington. You are on your way to arrive here. The ships of The Dairy
Islanders, given free passage to deliver the Duchess Primsy Coldbottle to this
council at Castle Candy, sail unmolested up the Cola River. Deep below decks,
hidden soldiers, the forces of the Houses Rocks, Jawbreaker and Frostwhip.
Sailors of House Cheddar, archers, irregulars. On the way up the river, you
are stopped momentarily, the first time that you have been stopped, and coming
aboard, armored head-to-toe, are the lost Knights of the Order of North-
Gumbia.

No one reacts.

Brennan: Your sworn brothers-

Murph: [quietly] Oh.

Lou laughs at him.

Brennan: -who have survived and have been fighting in the Southlands [laughs].

Theobald: Great to see you all.

Knight: [sighs] It's been bad.

Theobald: It's been- Yes.

Knight: It's been very bad. The last couple of months, I won't lie, have been
hard to get through.

Theobald: We've had a rough couple of weeks. We had a good week in there
somewhere, but overall, bad, overall bad times.

Knight: A rough summer.

Saccharina: The coronation was fun, though, right? Right?

Theobald: The coronation, we had a good time.

Saccharina: Everyone have a good time, it was a good one, okay.

Murph: Do I recognize these as being any kind of officers of clout or
anything, or are these just soldiers that are...

Brennan: Yeah, Toby was killed, but basically, you're gathering more forces as
you head up the river. And these are members of your sworn Order of Knights.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Who are like,

Knight: Yeah, the only good thing we heard was that one of our Order unhorsed
the Lady Uvano in the tourney, so that was huge.

Theobald: Oh, great, yeah, so glad I could help give you guys a moral victory.
She did later stab us in the back, quite literally stabbed Amethar. So I was
glad to get that in.

Knight: God, we really need a win.

Theobald: We need a win.

Knight: We really need a win.

Theobald: We do.

Brennan: The ships are not far from Castle Candy. [slowly] Ruby, you are asked
to come to the quarters of Amethar and Caramelinda aboard the ship. As you
enter, Amethar, you're there as well, Caramelinda has asked you to be there.
Caramelinda looks up at you [to Ruby] and says,

Caramelinda: My darling, could you close the door behind you?

Siobhan: I close the door.

Brennan rolls a die and there is a tense momentary silence.

Ally: She deals you 79 points of damage.

Zac: I mean, it does feel like that.

Ally: It does feel like that.

[gentle piano music]

Brennan: Caramelinda looks at you and looks at Amethar and says,

Caramelinda: My darling daughter, I am going to share something with you,
because you have become, perhaps faster than I ever could have hoped, a woman
grown and a person who- A young woman who has no fear of making her bloody way
in the world and I recognize that even though what I long for, most of all, is
your safety. However, the time of keeping you safe by protecting you from
secrets is long past, and the time of sharing them so that you may act upon
them is here.

Ruby: Thank you.

[gentle piano music]

Caramelinda: Captain Annabelle has shared with your father that Catherine Ghee
has been dead many long years. Catherine Ghee passed away from illness on the
12th day of Harvestdusk in the year 1196. Your father and I were wed...

Ruby: Are married?

Caramelinda: We are married and you are true-born.

Amethar: Yeah, yep, yeah.

Ruby: Wh-what, what does that mean?

Caramelinda: [sighs] Amethar's oldest daughter is true-born as well.
Saccharina is Amethar's heir, but Amethar is still king. And in the event that
anything were to happen to your father, Bulb forbid, I would be Queen.

Ruby: So we're gonna tell people, right?

Amethar: Oh.

Ruby: That Pops is still the King?

Amethar: We're… we’re gonna wait for now, 'cause it just doesn't feel like
that's… As, warrior to warrior, that's not where anyone's head should be at
right now, not today.

[ominous music]

Ruby: If you say so. I...

Amethar: I say so.

Ruby: I don't know if she'll- I don't trust her people.

Amethar: Well, that's another reason why we're choosing when we say it, and
not just saying it. We're just gonna, it's just delicate.

Ruby: All right.

Amethar: Delicate.

Ruby: I won't tell anyone.

Caramelinda: Ruby, very few of us spent any time with Saccharina. Spoken to
her very rarely. What is your opinion of the woman who now wears the crown of
Candia on her head?

Ruby: I think she's dangerous.

Caramelinda: I would agree.

Amethar: Okay, that's a little harsh. She’s-

Ruby: I think that she's lacking in perspective. I think that there are people
who who follow the Bulb who are good people.

Caramelinda: Amethar, Port Syrup is in ruins.

Amethar: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

[ominous music]

Amethar: I know, but, I mean, we'll figure something out. It just doesn't feel
like this is the conversation for today.

Caramelinda: Amethar, the delay of conversation has been perhaps your most
cardinal sin.

Ruby: I think, perhaps, she can be good, but I think that the people around
her are irredeemably bad. Perhaps without them, she would be making different
decisions. And the sacking of Port Syrup was not her, but it was done in her
name, and she doesn't seem that bothered by it.

Caramelinda: The future of Candia, with that woman on the top of the throne,
is a future written in flame. Sir Theobald has made no hesitation in joining
his loyalty to this new Queen. What do you think he would make of your
rightful claim, Amethar, if he went to him with this?

Amethar: I mean, Theobald, he's a knight of the royal family, and loyal to the
king, and I think that he would follow, do the thing that he's supposed to do,
and be loyal.

Caramelinda: Then perhaps, if you feel it is right, he could be brought into
the fold. [sighs] I agree with your father that this is not the right time to
speak. Battles, especially ones as dangerous as this one, where we are
traveling so lightly with so few forces as to make our strike as potentially
successful as possible, are incredibly dangerous.

Ruby: I will say this for Sir Theobald. I believe that he's loyal to the crown
and whoever sits upon the crown. I also do not think that he is good at
keeping secrets.

Caramelinda: That strikes me as very wise, Ruby. [sighs] I hope, above all
else, that we are victorious over the forces that have opposed our family. And
the reason that we will keep this in the family for right now, is that battles
are chaotic and deadly things. Lots can happen in a battle, and there is
always a potential that certain problems can solve themselves in the chaos and
destruction of combat.

[Emily laughs]

Amethar: Hey, you're talking about my daughter.

Caramelinda: I am talking about the future of Candia. Or did you not hold what
remained of Sir Morris Brie in your arms? If you can't talk to Sir Theobald,
that's fine, Ruby. I see the wisdom in that. Then what I would say is this.
Listen to your heart. You know, and you have the sight, for the future to
come. If fortune is not on our side, then we will have to do what fortune
cannot.

Brennan: The boats sail upriver. What time are you guys planning on, you guys
should confirm amongst yourself, the war council, of, when were you planning
to arrive in Dulcington, and how do you want to make your attack?

[tense, quick string music]

Siobhan: I mean, I think darkness again?

Zac: I think it would be at night.

Siobhan: Right?

Zac: Probably.

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: But the most of us can't see at night.

Murph: We don't need to see until we get inside the castle.

Siobhan: Yeah, and they can't see us.

Emily: Yeah. I-

Murph: Showing up during the day also maybe isn't super helpful, 'cause I feel
like if we show up on the day that everyone's there.

Siobhan: Mm hmm.

Murph: Or the evening everybody showing up, then we guarantee they're there,
versus the day, I don't know, they might be able to get away easier?

Ally: I agree.

Murph: I feel like we gotta do night.

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: All right.

Brennan: There is one issue with arriving at night, which is that Primsy is
expected to attend the council.

Siobhan: Then can they drop us off upstream a little bit, in a place we can
hide, and then we make our way there at night?

Emily: Yeah, so we can approach by foot?

Brennan: Yeah, you guys could potentially approach by foot.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: So they can send the ships up there, right? The ships also have siege
weaponry on them. They have a couple of trebuchets and a battering ram.

Murph: So it's going to be pretty obv- As soon as we pull in, basically, it's
like it's game on, right? Like, is it obvious?

Brennan: You guys can toss the siege weaponry if you don't wanna use it, but
that's what they came prepared with. So if they roll up with those tools at
your disposal, it's game on the second you roll up.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Murph: I mean, should we just pull up in daylight, ships coming,

Lou: Dawn?

Murph: We get dropped off, and...

Siobhan: Yeah, I mean, are there tunnels that we know about that Cruller
wouldn't know about?

Ally: Well, hey, how about this? What if I cast Rope Trick and we all climb
inside and we bring the siege weapons up with us?

Brennan: Rope Trick's not gonna be big enough, you have hundreds of people,
you have full armies ready to go.

Lou: I think it's an approach at dawn.

Murph: When we show up at dawn, bring the ships around, ships maybe drop us
off and we try to get up the secret tunnel that I escaped through the first
time, and we didn't...

Emily: I know this is...

Ally: Can we just say, no matter what, Primsy ahead, so that she can be there,
and on the inside.

Siobhan: Yeah, I don't think it's that surprising to have siege weapons at a
time of war.

Brennan: Yeah, potentially, but setting them up, will...

Emily: Absolutely.

Siobhan: They're just, how long does it take to set them up?

Brennan: A nice little chunk of time, a nice little chunk of time.

Emily: I was gonna say, I know this is absolutely insane and way too silly for
this world, but, presumably, they're bringing in a bunch of stuff if they're
holding some sort of council. Can we sneak in via some sort of...

Siobhan: Barrel shenanigans?

Emily: [laughing] Supply boxes.

Lou: I mean...

Emily: Like Trojan horses, is what I'm trying to say.

Lou: I hear you.

Emily: That- You know.

Brennan: You guys are welcome to plan any strategy you like. Obviously, you
guys can all sneak into the castle and attempt to assassinate and do whatever
else you wanna do in there. There is also the fact that, and I will just share
the mechanics with you, your troops will benefit from your leadership as well.
And there are actions you guys will be able to take, not only as characters
using your character abilities, but also as commanders commanding forces and
units. But do as you will.

Saccharina: I have a target on my back. Obviously, there is news that my
assassination is desired by many people. I am willing to be used as a pawn, if
that helps in any way.

Siobhan: And have Primsy give you over?

Murph: I don't...

Ally: I think they'll just walk up and kill you immediately. I don't think
that there's much play.

Amethar: I hate to say it but yeah, the warrior in me thinks that we take the
advantage that is that they don't know we're coming and we run up on 'em and
beat the shit out of 'em.

Liam: Yeah.

Saccharina: Okay.

Murph: Maybe we can, what is this town called again?

Brennan: Dulcington.

Murph: Dulcington. Maybe if we can, maybe we can pull- Why don't we pull into
Dulcington? We pull into Dulcington, whatever dockworker or whatever comes
aboard, knock 'em out, make sure they don't say anything. We quietly get into
the city, we stop the guards at whatever garrison at the end of the bridge. We
try to basically take Dulcington before the castle even knows about it.

Lou: I like that.

Siobhan: What way does the sun rise?

Brennan: That's South, sunrise is in the East, sunrise is over there.

Ruby: Then maybe we should actually go at high noon, because the archers would
be looking directly into the sun and it would be very difficult for them to
see us.

Theobald: That's a good idea.

Ruby: Is that crazy?

Saccharina: I like that. I think that's great. You can also be a master of
arrows.

Amethar: We have two masters already.

Ruby: Thank you.

Amethar: That's dope!

Saccharina: I think I've made it clear that rankings are a very intuitive
thing, here.

Brennan: Okay, you guys are arriving. We're gonna do maybe one of the most
important-

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: Rolls.

Ally: So we're getting there at noon.

Lou: Middle of the day.

Emily: Middle of the day.

Ally: All right.

Emily: It's like the question is now, do we eat lunch before or after?

Siobhan: Right, that's what the roll is for. Are we gonna have like an
elevenses situation or like a 3 pm late lunch.

Brennan: [hisses] Okay, um so...

Emily: Before we go into battle, I do want to ask Theo something.

Brennan: We are gonna run that, I'm gonna run one thing as you guys are
sailing up the river. Murph, could you kindly roll a d100 in the Box of Doom.

Murph: Yo.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Murph: Thank God it's me, I usually roll low, but, hmm.

Brennan: That is a 60, hold on one second. Great, normal weather. Bright,
clear day.

Murph: Okay, cool.

Brennan: You guys are planning on arriving there in the middle of the night,
or at dawn, or at high noon?

Murph: The thing about high noon is I wonder, do we have an idea if there'll
be more people around at noon?

Emily: Oh, innocent bystanders.

Brennan: Potentially, there will be more innocent people around at noon. It's
also like...

Emily: I think that we should do it at night, then.

Murph: Or not night, either dawn or at noon.

Brennan: I will also mention something about visibility, which is that broad
daylight means archers will be at their most effective, it also means that
trebuchets will be at their most effective. Night will protect you guys on the
long march up to the castle but it will negate archers. So, there's good and
bad on either side, depending on when you want to attack.

Murph: I think either dawn or high noon.

Siobhan: Yeah, I mean, if we could get to the gates of the castle in the
darkness so that at dawn the trebuchets can hit, but we're too close to the
walls for the archers to hit?

Murph: Yeah, so go at night?

Zac: Night seems better to me.

Emily: I think, no matter what, we sneak in at night, yeah.

Zac: 'Cause we're all about closing distance.

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: I think that's going to be the most important thing for us.

Murph: Okay, so we'll go with it, yes.

Brennan: How much time would you guys like to give yourself before sunrise?

Siobhan: Like an hour?

Emily: May I suggest something else?

Zac: Sure.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Emily: Again, some of my suggestions are a bit out of the box right now, but
let's roll with it. We could cast invisibility on Cinnamon, and all of us
riding on his back descend from him like paratroopers.

Siobhan: We wouldn't be able to bring our hundreds of troops that way though,
we still have to...

Emily: Right, I keep forgetting it's not just the six of us.

Lou: That's the part, yeah.

Murph: I think Cinnamon would be fine, but we might make ourselves targets.

Ally: Let's give ourselves three hours before dawn.

Siobhan: Three?

Lou: Three?

Ally: Three hours before dawn?

Siobhan: To set up the trebuchets.

Murph: 'Cause either everything goes to shit and everybody knows where we are
anyway and we can't wait...

Ally: Something's going down here, there's a lot of new green occupation, it
feels like, a lot of new green tents. I feel like it's just gonna be harder.

Zac: These one's have been there.

Ally: I know that, some of them are new green things. I think.

Murph: Okay, so let's say...

Emily: Okay, just one more crazy suggestion. If we were able to infiltrate
these tents and put on the...

Siobhan: There's hundreds of us, and we don't look like vegetables.

Emily: Right, I keep forgetting, I have so many good ideas for if it was just
the six of us.

Murph: Let's say if it's, what time would sunrise be, like 6 am?

Siobhan: What about if we skin some onions and wear their skins?

Brennan: Yeah, 6 am.

Murph: So, 6 am, if we're pulling in at 3:30.

Lou: 3:30?

Murph: Let's say 3:30.

Siobhan: Great, everybody get a good night's sleep.

Brennan: It's like getting to the airport. Guys, got a big day to battle
tomorrow.

Lou: I'm gonna split the Lyft with everybody if you can set up the request.

Siobhan: I'm just gonna stay up, I'm just gonna stay up.

Brennan: Whose character here has actually experienced warfare on this level
before? I think Theo and Amethar.

Lou: Battlefield tactics.

Emily: I think you should tell me, we've mostly done guerilla warfare, right?

Brennan: Guerrilla warfare.

Emily: Yeah, okay, so.

Brennan: So this is new.

Zac: I don't think I've commanded troops.

Brennan: Yeah, exactly.

Siobhan: I've certainly commanded a lot of street urchins, [laughing] does
that count?

Brennan: There you go. You guys see the river start to become familiar. It is
the dead of night, sailing in the quiet. Saccharina, there's a knock on your
door.

[door knock]

Emily: Do I have bodyguards outside?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: You hear Gooey say,

Gooey: Your Majesty, it's Swifty.

Saccharina: Yes, come in.

Brennan: Swifty comes in. You see he's picking his little gingerbread teeth
with his little knife.

Swifty: Hi, Your Majesty!

Saccharina: Hi Swifty. Are you well quartered?

Swifty: Extremely well quartered.

Saccharina: Good, good.

Swifty: Well, you will be really excited to learn about what I heard.

[Lou scoffs]

There’s a brief flashback to the roll that Brennan made prior to Caramelinda’s
conversation with Ruby.

Saccharina: What?

Siobhan: No, son of a bitch.

Saccharina: Actually, before we do any of this, I'm sorry, I have to have
counsel with you both.

Swifty: Mm hmm?

Saccharina: What happened in Port Syrup was disgusting. I understand that
Cinnamon is a powerful beast, but you'll notice that what I did was I limited
who he was able to use his force on. I did not see any evidence that there was
any guidance given to him. Do you understand how this makes me look to these
people who I know will never accept me, but, at least, maybe, at this point, I
can hope they won't hate me.

Swifty: Well, boss, I got bad news for you. Your mom, Catherine Ghee?

Saccharina: I know she passed.

Swifty: Right. She passed probably a month after she sent you away. And, maybe
a more important measurement of time, is she passed away about five days
before King Amethar and Queen Caramelinda were wed.

[tense music]

Saccharina: [long pause, thinking] How did you come by this information?

Swifty: Well, you put me on Ruby's tail, that's where I stayed.

Saccharina: Ruby knows?

Swifty: Uh huh! It's funny, 'cause she learned, like, yesterday. I'm surprised
she hasn't mentioned it to you. Seems kinda weird, feels like it would be
important news for you to learn that you're not the Queen, really. Maybe they
wanna keep it from you as a, I don't know, birthday surprise, or maybe they
wanna wait for a better time, like when you're dead on the battlefield, maybe
from a Ceresian arrow? Or maybe a different kinda arrow. What do you think?

Saccharina: [laughs] Those fools. [laughs] If they had just been
straightforward with me, of course I would have used the throne to destroy the
church and thereby making Amethar no longer excommunicated, and give him back
his crown, in one last desperate plea for his attention. [sighs] But the
clannishness and myopic sympathy of royalty never fails to deliver.

Swifty: Those people were born in that big, big, big house, and they're never
gonna give a single flying fuck about anyone who's ass didn't sleep on
feathers and soft quilts every night. Boss, I'm excited for the fight. We
gotta kill all those motherfuckers, and when we're done, all you gotta do is
give me the word.

[somber music]

Saccharina: I need to speak with Theobald.

Swifty: Okay. If you trust that ooey gooey gummy bear, then, that's fine with
me.

Saccharina: All right, Swifty, honestly, I don't even fully 100% trust you.

Swifty: Why?!

Saccharina: I've got a handful of people around me, and I am trying to figure
out who I can trust and whose advice is right, and you're one of them, but
there are days- What happened in Port Syrup, whether or not the Rocks family
will continue to reject and humiliate me has nothing to do with whether or not
what happened in Port Syrup should've have happened, so you are still on my
shit list for that.

Brennan: You see that he and Gooey look at each other. They exchange a glance
that you don't quite understand or is just very silent between them. Gooey
says,

Gooey: I'll get Theobald.

Brennan: Theobald, you are summoned by Gooey.

Theobald: What's going on, Gooey? How's it going, what's up?

[Lou sighs]

Gooey: What's going on, what's the deal?

Theobald: Just war and stuff.

Gooey: Yeah, I know, but like-

Theobald: Us, me and you?

Gooey: Why does this have to be weird too?

Theobald: I come from a world where it would be inappropriate. I took certain-
Amethar never made me take any kind of vows of celibacy or anything, but I
sort of acknowledge them...

Brennan: She grabs your junk.

Theobald: Oh, um.

Gooey: What do you think about that?

Theobald: I like it. I would like to get slammed big style.

[cast laughs]

Brennan: She says,

Gooey: Good, after we win, you'll get slammed down big style. Your queen wants
you.

Theobald: Yes.

Murph: Walks with a pep in his step towards Saccharina, and I enter your
quarters.

Saccharina: Theobald, as I prepare for battle, I need your counsel. In the
previous battles I've entered with the Rocks family, I've spent a great deal
of my power keeping them out of harm's way and trying to help them.

Theobald: I cannot express to you how much I relate to that.

Saccharina: Going into this battle, I find myself questioning if I should hold
the same priorities, knowing how little thanks there will be on the other
side, and how little it will change anything.

Theobald: Queen Saccharina, I've known Amethar for a long time. I've known
Ruby since she was a baby. They are good people who would never, they're not
going to hurt you.

Saccharina: Information has been revealed, and I say this to you because I
believe that wherever your allegiances lie, and I do feel that you are
faithful to my cause, but even if you weren't, I believe that your honor would
prevent you from misusing this information. Information has come to light that
my mother's death preceded Amethar's marriage to Caramelinda, thus reinstating
him as King. The way that I found out this information is because Amethar and
Ruby and Caramelinda know and have known but have not saw fit to share that
information with me. I don't know if this is news to you or not.

Theobald: They didn't see fit to share it with me, either.

Saccharina: I won't be sending Cinnamon on any more trips with Gooey or
Swifty.

Theobald: What I told you…

Murph: Theobald is just going through his head, like, what? I guess, can I do
like an Insight check, to see if I believe her or what?

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Emily: Can I give him a Help action?

Brennan: Yeah, give him a Help action.

Emily: I want him to know I'm telling the truth.

Murph: That's a 17 right off the bat.

Emily: Can I cast Guidance, so he can add to it?

[Brennan and Murph laugh]

Brennan: 17.

Emily: Add a d4?

Brennan: Oh yeah, go for it.

Murph: Yeah. 18.

Brennan: Theobald is in the worst possible thing that could have happened to
him. Looking into the eyes of a completely honest person. Saccharina has done
a lot of shit and lying is not one of them. You stand there as flummoxed as a
gummy bear can be, and you remember standing in Lazuli's office as she said,
“my first command for you is to think for yourself and be curious”.

Murph: I say to Saccharina,

Theobald: I may have spoke too soon about Amethar. I always thought he was
reckless. There were times when I resented him, when I wished that I was
serving one of his sisters. But I always knew, deep down, that he loved his
family, and that he would do the right thing. But I know by the way that he
has treated you that he does not love his family. You have my sword, whether
or not you wear the crown of Candia.

Emily: I cast, what is it? I cast Ceremony.

[air whooshing]

Emily: It's a Ritual, and it's called Dedication. You touch one humanoid who
wishes to be dedicated to your god's service. For the next 24 hours, whenever
that target makes a saving throw, it can roll a d4 and add the number rolled
to a saving throw, or to the save.

Brennan: You have never felt more powerfully connected to Candia or its magic.
[deep breath] Let's go ahead and place minis on the board.

[everyone laughs or sighs]

Siobhan: Jesus.

Brennan: [laughs] You...

Siobhan: Do we really have to fight other people?

Emily: [twirling her hair around her finger] It didn't have to be this way.

[Brennan chuckles]

Brennan: I'm gonna give you guys your minis, and you guys place them wherever
you see fit. First and foremost, you guys wanna go put this in the Cola River,
down in the deep water, with its oars still out. And this one has gone ahead
and...

Murph: Where is it?

Brennan: Wherever you guys want it, whatever dock, whichever part of the
river, you guys are placing your armies.

Emily: Are we not...

Brennan: That one's not docked, so that one goes...

Murph: We probably wanna just be, oh, this one is not docked?

Brennan: Not docked yet, yeah, this one is docked with that side facing the
harbor.

Murph: Okay. You guys have a opinion?

Siobhan: We wanna do this one, or do we wanna be, 'cause I feel like here we
don't have to cross any bridges.

Murph: Sure.

Brennan: It depends if you're going into Dulcington or you're going into the
field.

Ally: I say Dulcington.

Siobhan: Don't you think it ought to be Dulcington?

Murph: It's actually not a bad idea to go in the field. I don't know, it
depends on if we go out there and we just see a billion tents or something.

Siobhan: Right. But even if there's a billion tents here, we'd still have
to...

Brennan: Go ahead, everyone, and make a group Stealth check for me.

Zac: Do we have Pass Without Trace, or...

Lou: Nat 1.

[machine powering down]

Brennan: Nat 1, okay.

Ally: I can cast Pass without Trace.

Siobhan: I got a 21.

Brennan: 21, if you wanna cast Pass Without Trace, you can.

Siobhan: Can I get a 31?

Ally: Yeah I'd love to. Nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20?

Murph: If you got a Pass Without Trace, I got 24.

Emily: I got a 12.

Brennan: 24, nat 20.

Siobhan: I got a 21 without Pass Without Trace.

Brennan: Nat 1.

Zac: 30.

Brennan: 30.

Emily: 12.

Brennan: 12\. The captain of the Peppermint Rangers, Count of Freezyberg, Liam
Wilhelmina of the House of Jawbreaker, summons up the shadows of Candia, and
these ships approach in the dead of night with, Liam, you're able to whisper
out the waterways of the cola to these ships, so that they can row forward in
the dead of night, cloth wrapped around the oars to slip silently into the
cola again and again and again. You arrive there, go ahead and place these
trebuchets. For your Stealth to have worked, these would have to be pretty
much right near the ship.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: To have been made successfully.

Ally: We don't wanna go to Dulcington, we definitely wanna go into this field.

Zac: I think Dulcington seems better.

Murph: There's more cover there.

Emily: I think Dulcington seems better. However, I am far more experienced in
guerrilla warfare, so I defer to those who know battle more.

Murph: Do we have any Insight into what would be...

Zac: I think a open field is really a bad idea.

Brennan: Make a battlefield tactics check.

Zac: Would that be any sort of?

Brennan: That's just raw intelligence.

Siobhan: Oh, I got a roll.

Murph: Can I roll with advantage, 'cause I'm old and I've been in wars?

Brennan: I'll let the people that are old and have been in wars roll with
advantage.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: “I say we knock on the door”, I rolled a nat 1.

Murph: Raw Intelligence, I got a 14.

Lou: I also got a 14.

Ally: 18.

Brennan: 14, 18, cool.

Zac: 12.

Brennan: Cool, and the question you're posing is what?

Murph: Is, would it be better for us to, I feel like it'll be easier for us to
just run out onto the open field, but we'll be easier pickings, versus in the
town, where there'll be more guards right off the bat, but we'll have places
to hide. What would be preferable for the amount of troops we have?

Emily: But, look at this. What if we went all the way through those crags?

Brennan: Well, here's some points that I will make. If you're fighting in
daylight, which is your plan, you wanna fight at dawn. Archers will get shots
at you the whole way, coming up through the field. If you're filing through
Dulcington, you'll at least have partial cover. However, it's less
maneuverable in Dulcington. You'll be bottlenecked getting across bridges, you
know, XYZ thing. The trebuchets have a range of, I think they're, [he sits
down and bumps into something behind the table] oop, that's a thing.
[laughing] The trebuchets have a...

Siobhan: Brennan breaks the entire setup.

Brennan: [mimics crashing] Nooooo!

[Emily laughing]

Emily: Just like domino effect.

Brennan: Where are my siege things at?

Siobhan: [tapping a trebuchet mini] These are truly so much fun.

Emily: Yeah, they really are.

Brennan: Trebuchet has a range of 300 feet, short range, to 1200 feet, long
range. So a trebuchet's short range is, each of these is 25, so four is 100.
So, a foot, so, this is firing without disadvantage for a trebuchet.

Siobhan: But they can shoot with this disadvantage from anywhere on this
board, right?

Brennan: Yeah, wait, so what is that, that's 1200? So 1200 is 12 times four,
is it four feet. It's like crazy, yeah. You can put them in the field, you can
put them in the city, you'd be able to hit. There's also potential of
splitting forces between those two places, if you wanted to muster in more
than one place.

Murph: Why don't we do- Although, if we just do a small force out in the
field, they're gonna get fucked up?

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: They can't hit until they're like right here, but they can hit out here,
so I honestly think maybe should just, 'cause then we would only be, I don't
know what's gonna try to get us here, though.

Murph: We could get kind of bottlenecked, there...

Emily: While we're going through here, you're saying, we could get attacked?

Zac: We could be be also...

Emily: Let me see if I have any...

Zac: Attacked by Ceresians coming up from that way.

Siobhan: Right, and that's the only bridge, 'cause this one is burned down.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Is it crazy to say that, while we went through here, we could cast fog
spell or something to give ourselves some cover?

Siobhan: Fog doesn't move, Fog Cloud doesn't move.

Emily: Doesn't it have a range? Oh, it's only 20-foot range.

Murph: I think maybe we should send in some people through Dulcington, and we
should go in the field with a force, but I'm open to whatever you guys think.

Siobhan: If we're not with the troops, then they don't get the advantages of
us leading them.

Lou: We're coming at night, I feel like we take the field.

Siobhan: We're coming in at night, they can't see us.

Lou: If it was day and we were pushing through the town?

Murph: Yeah, why split up? Let's just go.

Lou: Exactly, I say we go.

Murph: Let's just go to the field.

Lou: I mean, we're trying to use Stealth the best we can.

Murph: We're not going to be very Stealthy, let's just...

Brennan: Okay, so go ahead and place those trebuchets at the edge of the
river.

Siobhan: I can't reach this one.

Brennan: There you go.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Emily: I do have- If we want to go through here, so, we're placing it there,
and we're not gonna go through there anymore?

Lou: I don't think so.

Emily: Okay, never mind.

Brennan: I'm gonna start handing you guys your troops.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: I'm gonna give you your minis stuck to them. But you don't have to
stay with the troops. I just wanted to give them, and let other commanders
place them wheresoever they wish. Hold on one second.

Emily: Is it windy at all?

Siobhan: Yeah, what direction is the wind coming from?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a d100 roll.

Emily: Okay. Which one is that? Is that this?

Siobhan: That's a d10.

Emily: Okay. What is that?

Siobhan: 11.

Emily: 11.

Brennan: Not very windy.

Emily: Damn.

Brennan: It's a calm fall day, okay.

Emily: Does anyone have a spell that makes wind, because I can control...

Murph: Yeah, I can do a Gust of Wind.

Brennan: Theo, this is your little mini and the Knights of North-Gumbia.

Murph: Ooh, ooh ooh.

Emily: Okay, if Theo did Gust of Wind, I can control- If it is windy, you can
use your bonus action each round to choose the direction of that wind in a
100-foot radius sphere centered on you. If he was like Gust of Winding me, and
then I could take that wind and have like wind going away from us, maybe the
archers would get disadvantage.

Murph: Gust of Wind is also Self, and it's a 60-foot line, so I could stand to
the side of within 60 feet up front and maybe giving them disadvantage when we
get closer.

Emily: Yeah, but I'm saying I think because I can control the weather then I
can actually amplify that spell, is what I'm saying.

Brennan: I've put Cumulous here, 'cause I assume you're with Cinnamon, but
this is Saccharina's marauders and the Order of the Spinning Star.

Ally: Whoa!

Murph: I was actually gonna...

Emily: Woo!

Murph: I was gonna say to Saccharina,

Theobald: Should we tell Cumulous about what's going on? Here's the deal. I
don't wanna work in secret. I'm not trying to do anything against Amethar or
anyone else in the House Rocks. If they have some secret agenda, they can try
to spring it on us, but we won't...

Saccharina: I would like to tell Cumulous, because I believe that people
alongside me may be a danger to me, and it would be nice to have someone else
know. I know that we share a love of magic, and so I trust him for that. I do
not know if Liam ever took to me so I will certainly lend him my spells in
battle, but I don't know that he...

Theobald: I would imagine Liam doesn't know. But I don't know. We can start
with Cumulous.

Saccharina: Okay.

Zac: Does it make any sense for Cumulous, and these marauders and order of the
monks, like the less traditional soldier types to go through the town?

Ally: I was thinking that too. I wanted to do that but then I thought my Pass
Without Trace was helping-

Brennan: House of Rocks with Ruby.

Ally: -Everyone else, so I should stay.

Brennan: House of Rocks with Amethar.

Ally: Cumulous could go through Dulcington.

Emily: I almost kind of feel like being on the ground, though.

Siobhan: My little wizard cloak! Tiny little dwarves. The Wee Free Men...

Emily: Kind of feel like being on the ground and like fighting, 'cause I
think, technically, I'm gonna be on Cinnamon.

Brennan: Go ahead and place those units where you want them. Okay.

Ally: Cumulous, I think you should-

Zac: Go to the town? If we could take one of the parapets of the wall-

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: And turn one of the ballista against them, sure.

Siobhan: Yeah, that makes sense to me.

Emily: Ooh, I like that.

Murph: Cool.

Siobhan: You want me to move you?

Murph: You want me to place you?

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: We just go through the town.

Emily: I like that.

Brennan: Liam, this is you with a host of Jawbreaker archers, crossbowmen.

Emily: Woah!

Ally: Very cool.

Brennan: And then, Cumulous. And then, do you have your little Cinnamon?

Emily: I do have Cinnamon. I'm trying to figure out what to do with him.

Brennan: That's how big Cinnamon is now.

[Emily laughs]

Emily: I'm trying to figure out what to do with...

Zac: If you were more centered, you and your archers could cover more.

Brennan: He doesn't have to be here, but...

Emily: That's what I'm wondering, if I should have Cinnamon at call, not here
yet, just because he's so obvious, and we can call him once we're in the
throw.

Brennan: And this is Saccharina here.

Emily: Hee hee.

Zac: I'm wondering if putting the archers sort of in the middle, they could
maybe cover both sides, depending on what the situation is.

Ally: Let's do it, yeah, put me to the right a little bit.

Siobhan: Like this?

Murph: We probably want the archers behind some armored people.

Zac: Yeah, sure, but like more in the center of them.

Siobhan: If we do this, how does that look?

Ally: Put me as the archers.

Zac: I mean, over here, so, like...

Ally: Center meaning between us and Zac's thing here, so more archers where
those purple ones are at the moment.

Brennan: Here's more Jawbreaker infantry. You guys place that where you want.
And then...

Ally: So if we do see the carrot, it will be dinky?

Brennan: It will be very dinky.

[Emily laughs]

Siobhan: Dinky little carrot, ready for death? Slice him up and chop him down?

Emily: Steam him.

Brennan: These are House Rocks crossbowmen. So those are ranged units.

Ally: You want to give them a better shot than that? Through the walls?

Siobhan: If we have these extra archers, do you wanna go over, do you wanna go
through the town?

Ally: I have to give you guys Pass Without a Trace if we're gonna use it at
all.

Siobhan: Right.

Ally: What do you think?

Zac: I feel like that doesn't work for this many people, maybe.

Brennan: Here's another Jawbreaker infantry.

Siobhan: It's not, do you have to be within range of us to Pass Without Trace
on a roll?

Brennan: And this is cavalry for House Rocks. And this is cavalry for House
Jawbreaker.

Murph: The calvary should be in there, yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah, the calvary should for sure be in the field, if you're like,
you know.

Brennan: Okie dokie.

Lou: Jesus!

Siobhan: It makes sense. We have a lot of archers. I feel like you could go
with these guys through the town.

Zac: Just one more set of archers with us?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: Yeah.

Zac: Okay.

Lou: Take one of the House Rocks.

Zac: And we'll just try to sneak through the town. Get as close as we can to
that far wall.

Ally: Yeah. I mean you might wanna use your archers once you get over here to
start taking out some of their archers.

Brennan: Place this by the trebuchet. This is Annabelle, Manta Ray and some
Dairy Islanders.

Ally: Whoa.

Siobhan: Cute.

Brennan: And then...

Zac: If we can take this building.

Emily: Oh, that's good.

Zac: Kinda use that as a bit of a base.

Emily: Like cover?

Ally: You could use some stuff over here, too, I bet. Something like this?

Zac: Yeah, I think my game plan is to get as close as possible without dying.

Emily: This seems like a great place for Ruby and Liam to be shooting, hide
for cover, shoot.

Siobhan: Well, the Church is still too far away from me.

Brennan: And then this is Joren, who's with some his...

Emily: Oh, great.

Brennan: So Joren Jawbreaker is there as well.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna need some group Stealth checks.

Emily: Am I in the sky with Cinnamon?

Brennan: You can be wherever you want and Cinnamon can be wherever you want.

Emily: Can I talk to you guys, so I can figure out what the right move is
here?

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Siobhan: Mm hmm.

Emily: 'Cause a dragon in the sky is not stealthy.

Siobhan: No.

Lou: No.

Emily: I can cast Invisibility on Cinnamon and be invisible. However, I can't
cast spells from that Invisibility.

Murph: Why don't you cast invisibility over yourself, fly over us, and then
when shit hits the fan...

Siobhan: Right.

Murph: You bust out.

Emily: Okay, that's what I was gonna say. The thing I could do, 'cause I can,
if you wanted to try that Gust thing, I have it centered around me. I'm just
saying, I could try to help 'cause I could try to affect the weather.

Siobhan: Could you... the gusts from Cinnamon's wings, could you use that as
the wind?

Emily: Ooh, can I?

Zac: Fully turned around.

Brennan: No.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: If he had Wing Attack, yes, but he does not.

Zac: Does he have any breath weapon? Do we know of anything with Cinnamon?

Brennan: Cinnamon, yes, has a breath weapon, and a lot of attacks. He's very
good.

Emily: I don't even know what he even does.

Zac: Could he destroy whatever heavy artillery they have?

Emily: That is the other question, is, do you want me to just Stealth up
and...

Brennan: Emily, if you would like. [hands over a card]

Emily: Cinnamon!

Siobhan: Oh my God. that's so many cards.

Ally: Cuuuute.

Emily: Aaah!

Ally: So many cards!

Emily: Oh my God, look at you, whoa. Oh my god.

Ally: I will say, I don't think any of our Stealth checks will go through,
even if you make him invisible because he's so loud. Won't that kind of blow
us up?

Brennan: Battering ram. Final thing to give you.

Siobhan: If you're invisible and you hold back, he's so fast that as soon as
you see...

Ally: Are we still making Stealth checks, Brennan?

Emily: Do you guys want me to do the move of burn the parapets?

Brennan: I'm gonna make you guys make Stealth checks just to field this army,
if that makes sense. Um, so...

Siobhan: I think so.

Emily: I think so, right?

Lou: I think we get as close as we can quietly, and then immediately light 'em
up.

Emily: And I'll cast Invisibility on him, 'cause what the hey, maybe it will
help.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: You have Liam's magic, here, which is incredible.

Zac: Is that the Pass Without Trace?

Brennan: Pass Without Trace. Obviously, we're bending the rules slightly,
'cause it's working on so many people. But we're gonna do another group
Stealth check. And I'm gonna say to muster all these forces is gonna take
probably a couple rounds, at least. So, you're setting up the trebuchet. Go
ahead, and do you guys want to still attack in light? Correct, you're waiting
for the sun to rise?

Siobhan: No, we want to get up to the wall.

Murph: No, we wanna try to get to the castle.

Siobhan: And then the sunrise.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Gotcha, okay. Cool, even with that plus 10, I'm gonna need everybody
to make Stealth checks with disadvantage.

Emily: Okay, and then, from here...

Siobhan: Can I even it out with Yak...

Emily: Can I ask one question?

Siobhan: Can I- sorry.

Emily: This is all filled with archers?

Brennan: You don't know, it's all dark. The castle has some lights in it, but
it's mostly dark. It's like predawn.

Siobhan: Can I send- Because I have my Darkvision, can I send Yak up to go
look?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Ally: Do you think Yak would alert them?

Siobhan: He's a bird.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: You send Yak up, you see some guards. It looks like Dulcington has
been totally bombed out and no one's even thinking to sort of protect anymore.
There are soldiers sleeping in these tents here, and they're the ones you have
to worry about. So, go ahead, as you're like bringing the trebuchet out, give
me a group Stealth check with disadvantage, and we gotta hit a DC 20.

Siobhan: Fuck, okay.

Emily: If I make Cinnamon invisible, will I get...

Brennan: You still run disadvantage 'cause you have a whole army with you.

Emily: Okay, gotcha.

Siobhan: I got a 21.

Murph: 14 on my bad one.

Ally: 35.

Siobhan: Oh, with...

Brennan: With Pass Without Trace, trying to, yeah.

Emily: Oh, 18.

Brennan: 18.

Siobhan: 31.

Zac: 29.

Brennan: Half passes, that passes. That's your first round. I'm gonna make you
do just three more of these to get into the position you're in right now. So
give me another set of rolls with disadvantage.

Emily: I'm gonna cast Guidance on myself.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: 25.

Lou: 30.

Zac: 33.

Ally: 34.

Brennan: Okay, that's great, give me two more.

[suspenseful music]

Emily: I cast Guidance on myself again, or rather, on...

Siobhan: Nat 20.

Brennan: Okay, not with...

Siobhan: Oh, no, it's with disadvantage, fuck. I'll be still fine.

Murph: 26, even with disadvantage.

Siobhan: 21 with disadvantage.

Emily: 15.

Lou: 19.

Zac: 26.

Ally: 33.

Brennan: Great, last one.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Ally: Hey.

Murph: 24.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: Great.

Siobhan: 28.

Emily: Nat 20 but I can't use it!

Zac: 27.

Ally: 37.

Brennan: Okay. Candian shadows surrounds you. Turns out, if you're gonna fight
a war, be on the side that has magic. You field to this position, as Pass
Without Trace fades. We've already been using it very generously.

Lou: Right.

Brennan: So, from this position, give me another Stealth check disadvantaged.

Siobhan: 11.

Emily: I'm gonna Guidance myself again.

Murph: I-

Ally: 16.

Lou: Without Pass Without Trace?

Brennan: Without Pass Without Trace.

Lou: 6.

Zac: 10.

Emily: Um, I got...

Murph: 2.

Emily: I got 28.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Oh, without Pass Without Trace, 18.

Brennan: I'm gonna say that you guys move all of these units forward by sort
of like one movement, if that makes sense. So, yes, go ahead and move these
troops up into the field a little bit further. Are you guys leaving any troops
with the trebuchet?

Lou: I think Annabelle should deal with it.

Brennan: Annabelle and the Dairy Islanders, cool.

Ally: Wait, the trebuchet aren't moving as well?

Murph: These guys should move up.

Brennan: No.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: How far can I get, like past this, or...

Brennan: About like one inch. And you guys begin to hear horns and screaming.
as some of the people in the tents begin to wake up and blow horns. I’mma need
everybody here to roll initiative.

Murph: Sweet. I think we had talked about telling Cumulous. I think I'm going
to...

Emily: You have my permission.

Murph: Great, and I'm gonna mention something cryptic to Liam, without getting
into it, I think.

Emily: Yeah, I just know that Liam's an assassin, and if he is working with
the Rocks people, he's probably who they would send.

Murph: Cool, ooh, sweet. Yeah, as everybody's getting out of the ships. right
before we leave, I think I just send you a Message, Cumulous, just relaying
the simplest version of it, that there's some questions of who it would fall
to, and that Amethar and Ruby are conspiring without talking to us.

Siobhan: Can I do an Insight check on Theo? I just see him messaging people
and spending a lot of time...

Murph: In a giant war?

Siobhan: With Saccharina?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and give me one with disadvantage.

Siobhan: Yeah. 12.

Brennan: You wanna go ahead and give me a Deception, I'll give you advantage
on it.

Emily: Can I give him Guidance?

Brennan: Sure.

Murph: Um, that's...

Brennan: You got advantage.

Murph: Nat 20.

Ally: Nat 20.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Well.

[Ally claps and Emily laughs]

Siobhan: I trusted Theo unto death, and I would never believe he would do
anything against House Rocks.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: He raised me and taught me.

Murph: I send the same thing to Liam, or I send something to Liam, I just say,

Theobald: Liam, Saccharina is in danger, not asking you to do anything
specific, but just be on the lookout.

Ally: I Message back,

Liam: I will definitely protect Saccharina.

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna need everyone's initiative. What did they roll? I'll
start with Liam.

Ally: 23.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: 21.

Brennan: Saccharina.

Emily: 7.

Brennan: Ruby.

Siobhan: 12.

Brennan: Amethar.

Lou: 17.

Brennan: Cumulous.

Zac: 7.

Brennan: Okay, as you guys can see before you here, the village of Dulcington,
you begin to hear horns and cries. An army has fielded itself outside of the
castle without any warning. Troops begin to muster, people begin to take to
the castle walls and light torches. This battle is going to exist both on this
scale and if we need to, [gets out a little transparent platform with grid
markings] we can throw one of these bad boys on the board and move back to 28
millimeter scale.

Ally: All right.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: All right.

Brennan: Additionally, you guys are welcome to engage in this battle in
whatever way you wish. If you wanna dip out from your unit, and this is just a
big old board and you're looking to go assassinate somebody, you can
absolutely do that. If you're looking to cast spells, you'll be casting
spells. We have resized areas of effect for spells at the new scale, so we can
do that.

Emily: That's cute.

Brennan: If you wish to fight with your units on the macro, you absolutely can
do that as well. You can use your action to give advantage to your troop
making its roll. You can even use some of your character abilities, like if
you wanna use like a Reckless Attack or a Cunning Action, you can extend that
to your unit if you're commanding them.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Units, their health is determined by their size. If their size
diminishes too much, they have to start making morale checks or the unit will
disband and be scattered and maybe routed.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: We begin with Liam.

Ally: I would like to… If I hold my turn, do I still get all the advantages of
first turn?

Brennan: If we exit the first round, then no.

Ally: Okay, interesting, interesting.

Siobhan: There's all these guys in tents that I feel like...

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: It would to be nice to get rid of them before they're behind us.

Ally: I'm going to take aim and fire at these archers in the...

Brennan: Wonderful.

Siobhan: Oh my god there's so fucking many of them.

Murph: You have the Sharpshooter feat now.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: Does that extend to your team?

Siobhan: You just said.

Brennan: I did just say that you can extend your character ability to your
unit. And they are lighting torches for themselves to be able to see, so
they're extending light from the castle and are visible. Okay, like a normal
D&D character, units have movement and action.

Ally: Mm hmm.

Brennan: So you can absolutely take your action right now and make an attack.
Which unit are you going to make an attack on?

Ally: My whole unit just goes for one other unit, or can I split it between
these two towers?

Brennan: You cannot, you're not gonna get multiple attacks with your unit.
You're just gonna make one attack from your unit, 'cause unit-to-unit combat
is a lot more simplified than two characters fighting.

Ally: But what if I hopped out of my unit, then could I make my three first
round attacks and try to take out everyone on these top things?

Brennan: Yeah, if you've decoupled from your unit, what will happen is you
will maybe get to kill three of these guys, and your unit won't be able to hit
them at all. Does that make sense? 'Cause they're only able to hit if you're
coupled with them.

Ally: Right. And what does my unit do, what's their damage, crossbow damage?

Brennan: Their damage is calculated very differently. They actually, units
don't have hit points in this, they just have size. And it's possible for your
unit to just full-on inflict a casualty on that unit.

Ally: Of its whole unit?

Brennan: Different units have different sizes. The infantry units are size 8,
which effectively means they have 8 hit points. The archers have 6, the
cavalry have 4. And if you get to half health, that's when you start making
morale checks, 'cause half your number's been killed. So your unit could
actually inflict a casualty. If you get above their defense by 10 or more, you
inflict double casualties, and if you hit a nat 20, it's doubled again.

Murph: Sweet.

Ally: Very cool. So, if I'm going for these, it looks like one single archer
in either of those. Am I seeing that right, or am I going for somebody else?

Brennan: Um, no. You could… So, if you attack as a person, you're attacking
each of these little guys individually. If you're attacking them with your
unit, you're attacking all of them with all of your guys.

Ally: But those are individual guys, so that's why I'm asking if that's cool.

Brennan: Yes, they are individual guys, so it's up to you to decide if you
would rather work your way through all several dozen of these guys or if you
want to help your unit, potentially.

Siobhan: I feel like your unit can do way more damage.

Ally: I don't think so.

Siobhan: Than you can do on your own.

Ally: Me on my own, in my first round, can do a shit ton of damage.

Zac: But it's one guy.

Siobhan: Yes, but these guys don't have a lot of hit points, so all of these
guys will hit, or just you will hit.

Ally: No, me with my unit, I can only do it to one other unit, but these are
individual guys sniping, they're not units.

Zac: I think they're units.

Siobhan: No no no, they're units.

Brennan: They're units, this is a full unit here.

Ally: Oh no, I'm talking about those guys.

Brennan: Oh, these guys here?

Ally: Singles, right?

Brennan: These are ballistae, those are siege engines. So those are huge
crossbows.

Ally: Oh, those aren't people.

Brennan: Those aren't people. They are being manned by people, but there's
like a couple people manning each one.

Ally: Got it, okay, cool. Then I'll attack with my unit and I'll go for these
guys.

Brennan: Vegetanian archers running up onto the wall.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Awesome, go ahead and roll, oh, you are attacking them, and wait,
this is surprise and assassination. Or rather, they are not surprised, 'cause
the alarm has been sounded, but you do get advantage on this attack, because
you're not at disadvantage for long range and you have the Assassinate because
you're going before they've acted. So go ahead and roll 2d20.

Ally: Cool. [whistles] Wait, do I add my own attack to this?

Brennan: You're adding their attack bonus, your crossbow archers, you add a
plus 4 to this roll, to the higher roll.

Ally: Let's see, that's 14 to hit.

Brennan: 14 to hit, these archers' defense is 13, that is a success.

Ally: Oooh, okay.

Brennan: So you have inflicted a casualty on those archers. [arrows flitting
past] As you see the arrows fly [blows] from Liam's rangers into the dark, you
can also take a movement action if you'd like or you can delay a movement for
the troops up ahead of you to move farther.

Ally: I'll do that.

Brennan: Cool. That's going to be Theo.

Murph: Sweet. I'm going to raise my blade, cast, oh wait, you know what, I
don't wanna cast anything, 'cause I wanna take a full dash.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: So, yeah, I'm just gonna raise my sword.

Theobald: For Candia!

Murph: And me and the unit are charging forward.

Brennan: Hell yeah. So that's gonna be two and a half, you begin to sprint
across the field, [feet pounding] you and your knights just booking it across
the field as fast as you can. That is your turn. That's going to be, I'm gonna
make a muster check to see if that unit musters, they do. Amethar, that's you.

Lou: Great, I do a similar thing to Theo, just more guttural and-

Amethar: [yells]

Lou: I look back at Joren, and I say,

Amethar: We're gonna do the tents on the left, that's us.

Lou: So we'll move toward here.

Brennan: Great and your speed is 40.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Which means that you're taking- Are you taking a double move? You're
going...

Lou: Oh yeah, double move.

Brennan: Cool, so that means 80, each of these is 25, okay. Awesome, Amethar,
you begin to rush up the hill. This is difficult terrain, though, so you get
about that far up the hill as you start going and now it's any House Rocks
units that are not tied down by a commander, so that's gonna be, the cavalry
here can move, their speed is 60. And then you have these archers, these House
Rocks archers, and the archers back there, behind the marauders.

Siobhan: And these.

Brennan: And the ram. Those are Jawbreaker.

Siobhan: Oh, they're Jawbreaker.

Murph: Who has the battering ram? I think it's just-

Siobhan: The- Joren does, I guess?

Brennan: Joren, either of you can have it. It's technically House Rocks', but
if you want Joren to be doing it...

Murph: It should probably be whoever is not going to the tents.

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, maybe you should give it to this cavalry.

Lou: Yeah, move it behind Theo.

Brennan: Cool, a battering ram is not as fast as the cavalry. Cool, so, let me
know where this unit...

Lou: I would tie it to these units.

Brennan: Okay, they'll be tied together, cool.

Zac: Are there still people in these tents?

Brennan: Yes, they are mustering.

Zac: Okay. They're mustering, I see.

Lou: So, what is your question currently?

Brennan: Where you want these archers, those archers and these cavalry to
move.

Lou: I feel like they'll move up behind us.

Murph: Yeah, makes sense.

Brennan: Great, awesome.

Murph: Bring the battering ram up behind me and my guys.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Could those other archers move with me?

Brennan: Yes, they can tie to your turn.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Absolutely, great. Archers begin to move as fast as possible up the
hill. And the cavalry is not going as fast as it can, it's like staying side
by side with you.

Lou: Right.

Brennan: Okay, that's going to be [sighs]-

[suspenseful music]

Brennan: Another muster check, okay.

[Lou sighs]

Brennan: Hold on. There. Okay. A Vegetanian infantry unit musters here, [sucks
in breath] coming out, pouring out of their tents. I'll roll for another one.

Emily: What kind of unit does it look like, does it look like archers?

Brennan: No, that looks like infantry.

Emily: Infantry.

Brennan: And another Vegetanian infantry, again, they pour out of their tents.
That's going to, hold on one second, another 2d20. Vegetanian cavalry musters
here, and that's gonna be it. House Cheddar is going to go. They're gonna man
those trebuchets with any orders for them to try to take down a particular
piece of wall.

Murph: Hmm.

Brennan: They're gonna be going after whatever you guys want 'em to go after.

Lou: Straight, just left?

Siobhan: Is there any that we know, as people who grew up here, that's weaker?

Brennan: That's weaker?

Siobhan: Yeah, any wall, that's like, ooh, we should probably have fixed it.

Brennan: Oh, yeah, we probably should have fixed that wall. Actually, yeah,
make a history check for me.

Siobhan: Okay. 7.

Brennan: 7, well the easy thing would be...

Siobhan: Should've paid attention in class.

Brennan: Yeah, for sure. The easy thing would be that if you go after walls,
you can get into the castle. If you go after towers, you can take those
ballistae out.

Murph: Yeah, I think that's maybe the move.

Emily: Yeah, yeah.

Murph: Let's do ballistae.

Brennan: Okey dokey.

Zac: Especially, for now.

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: I'll go ahead and give the fun rolls to you guys. Let's have whoever
wants to roll for House Cheddar, make three attack rolls at disadvantage.

Siobhan: Liam?

Emily: Is House Cheddar in...

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Siobhan: Missed a good roll?

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Zac: Disadvantage?

Ally: Ah, dang.

Murph: Yeah, so, 5 plus whatever.

Ally: What's the attack roll?

Brennan: Right now, the ballistae that you're trying to hit have an armor
class of 15, so you're trying to hit a 15.

Ally: Oh and I don't have anything...

Brennan: You add plus 5.

Ally: Okay, so it's a 10, all right. [whistles] Ah, 14, or, sorry, 13.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Murph: Ah.

Ally: Damn.

Brennan: The stones fly off into the night. Part of the gambit of attacking at
night is those trebuchets are gonna be less effective.

Siobhan: They just smashed right into that army, right, they just...

Brennan: Right into the army.

Siobhan: Missed the ballistae.

Brennan: Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: Okay, I am gonna go and attack these Vegetanian knights.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: And you said that we have the abilities of, they have my abilities?

Brennan: You can make tactics checks to extend your abilities. The simple
ones, like Cunning Action, just automatically translate over.

Siobhan: Great, so what I would like to do is to attack them and then hide.

Brennan: Ooh, interesting.

Siobhan: 'Cause that is a Cunning Action.

Brennan: That is Cunning Action, that's true. I will go ahead and allow that.
So, you move in to close with this unit here. Go ahead, and, are you taking
the hide action before or after you attack them?

Siobhan: Can I make it before?

Brennan: Yeah, you can make it before.

Siobhan: Great, then I'll do that.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Stealth check.

Siobhan: Is it my Stealth?

Brennan: Your Stealth.

Siobhan: 21.

Brennan: Awesome, go ahead and give me an attack roll.

Siobhan: Great, with advantage.

Brennan: With advantage, 'cause you're attacking from hiding.

Siobhan: Great.

Emily: Yeah!

Siobhan: Nat 20.

Brennan: Are you serious?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, wait. I might have fucked up. Okay, so, nat 20.

Siobhan: I mean, the other roll that I got was a 17, so I still would have hit
pretty bad.

Brennan: [sighs, stutters a little] This is some house rules, oh no.

Siobhan: The rules are you don't get to do that.

Brennan: This unit, like most of the infantry units here, has a size of 8. You
inflict 4 casualties in a single attack. Your House Rocks warriors you've been
training with, they're all lightly armored and disguised and they're fighting
on their home turf. A lot of these soldiers you recognize and know from
growing up here. They have masks tied around, they have like molasses on their
weapons so that they won't shine, dark sticky molasses, and as these guys come
pouring out of their tents, soldiers of House Rocks whisper, "For Candia" and
just start slitting throats in the night. Immediately half of that force is
gone.

Zac: Wow.

Emily: Woo, yeah buddy!

Brennan: As you just close in on them.

Siobhan: I'm feeling good.

Brennan: That's gonna be Jawbreaker. Joren is coming right up behind Amethar,
here. These guys come right up, I'll put the ram over here, just come up right
behind Rocks' people here. Liam, you've got your people. And his cavalry, is
going to, has a movement of 60, which means that it can do- Yeah, no sweat.
[air whooshes] Moves in, and I'm gonna ask young Count of Freezyberg, the
Jawbreaker, go ahead and give me an attack roll for that calvary, no advantage
on this one.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: But calvary adds a plus 8 to attack.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Cool. Oh, so close to a nat 20, 16.

Brennan: 16 hits, that's exactly their armor class.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: So that's going to inflict another casualty, they have to roll morale
or suffer an additional casualty to DC 15, they have a plus 2. They succeed on
their morale, so they have 5 of their 8 hit points, basically. They come
stumbling out and say,

Enemy Unit: By the light of the Bulb, what..!

Brennan: Kwah, ku kwah kuah! Huoh! And this candy ram-riding northern cavalry
from Candia, hah, hah, huah! And the Valley of Dulcington begins to fill with
the shouts of Candian soldiers.

Candian Soldiers: Huah, we're under attack! [horn blowing]

Brennan: That is Ruby, that's Jawbreaker. Okay, let's make some muster checks.
Grissini and Imperial forces muster at the top of the hill.

[Ally whistles]

Emily: Oh.

Ally: Ha ha.

Siobhan: We really wanna kill him, then.

Brennan: Ooh, brother. Oh my god, none of them muster. Okay. More Ceresian
knights muster at the top of the hill. Constano's gonna use an extra action to
immediately ready his troops and brace for an assault, moving into position
right here. You hear Constano yelling out,

Grissini: We're under attack! The Witch Queen, her forces are here!

Brennan: And that's going to be, bada boom. That's going to be Cumulous.

Zac: Cumulous and the marauders and archers will take a full dash action
forward.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Yeah, that's all we'll do for now.

Murph: How far can they get?

Zac: I have 50 movement.

Brennan: Cool, 50 movement means-

Zac: Doubled, right?

Brennan: That you actually just move two inches in a single movement. Are you
doing a full move?

Zac: Yes, I think so.

Brennan: Damn, okay.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Jesus.

Zac: And then...

Brennan: And these guys come on, they get about halfway.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: The archers behind you, I mean. Your lightly-armored marauders and
the monks of the Spinning Star sprint through the shattered town of
Dulcington.

Zac: Can I make...

Brennan: Over the, mm hmm?

Zac: Yeah, sorry.

Brennan: Over the ash and rubble. Go for it. What is it?

Zac: Can I make an Insight check? I'm worried about this direction, 'cause I
know that's where the Ceresians are.

Brennan: Yes, for sure.

Zac: Can I just roll?

Brennan: Yeah, roll, go ahead.

Zac: That's only a 16.

Brennan: I mean, you're doing your plan, you're doing what you're doing. You
continue, no Step of the Wind?

Zac: I was thinking of it. Would that apply to both, or no?

Brennan: I would apply that to your unit as well.

Zac: I don't wanna get too far ahead is my worry, so I might wait.

Brennan: Cool. No worries, that's Cumulous, Saccharina.

Emily: Okay. I guess I want to do… What is Cinnamon's speed, and what would
that translate to on this map, and where am I starting? If I can, I'd love to
just do a flyby, starting in, ideally what I'd like to do is a flyby. [points
across the entire ramparts of Castle Candy]

Brennan: Cool, go ahead, where were you positioned before this started?

Emily: I think I didn't have it, 'cause I didn't know where it was even going.

Brennan: Yeah, that make sense. I think you've just been circling and as you
hear stuff, his speed is 80, which means that if he's taking an attack- So
that’s 50, that’s 75, this is about 80, that's his speed. If he's doing double
move, he can go twice that far.

Emily: If he's doing a double move.

Brennan: Double move means you couldn't attack.

Emily: Yeah, I know. Okay, then I think we're not gonna do the flyby, 'cause
we can't do the flyby. Okay, give me one second.

Brennan: No worries.

Emily: Then, I think we're gonna fly in here. What I wanna do is I want to,
yeah, it's gonna put him in harm's way but...

Murph: The ballistae is a problem.

Emily: Oh, you're right. Oh, I have to keep him away from that.

Siobhan: You're still invisible, though, right? Are you invisible?

Murph: They won't be once she attacks.

Siobhan: No, but you can get close to the ballistas.

Emily: I could keep him invisible.

Murph: I mean, you got these guys down here, these guys over her, you don't
have to...

Ally: We know those are Ceresian tents, you know those are Vegetanian tents.

Emily: Wouldn't that have the range to...

Siobhan: It probably has very long range.

Ally: They're have the range for all of us.

Murph: Yeah.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: There's no safe spot on the board.

Murph: The dragon is always, is gonna get attacked.

Zac: But the ballistae will do way more damage than the archers, I think.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: You could just go attack a ballista and at least take out one so you
don't get attacked by four.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Additionally, the ballistae in the higher towers would give you
partial cover from the other ballista. Like if you landed in this one and
Cinnamon would crouch underneath the, like destroy the ballista and crouch
underneath it, you wouldn't be fully protected, but you would have some
protection.

Murph: Yeah, take out their big weapons.

Emily: That sounds really good. Okay, so what I'd like to do...

Ally: I would do on that side, since we have all of our troops coming up
there, but that's me, though.

Brennan: If you burn a slot for Invisibility, I'll let you start anywhere on
the board.

Emily: Okay, yeah, I did. I actually already took off this.

Brennan: So you're just an invisible monster flying through the fucking sky.

Emily: Okay, if that's the case, then I would like to start back here.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Here's what I wanna do is I want to start close enough that I can Cone
of Cold them, then have the dragon breathe fire, then land in the little, uh.

Brennan: The scale, it's not gonna be possible to do that, 'cause even as fast
as Cinnamon is, that's 80 feet right there.

Emily: Yeah, yeah, sorry, I'm just trying to understand it.

Brennan: No worries.

Ally: Oh, and just so you know, it's not landing in here for cover, there's a
ballista in there that you need to destroy to be able to land in either of
those, so you have to attack, and land in there.

Emily: You know what, we might as well just find out what these ballistas feel
like.

[Ally and Emily chuckle]

Murph: Yeah, if you go up in that tower and you destroy one, they're not all
gonna be able to hit you. So you can just take 'em out one by one.

Emily: Yeah, but I think that I just am gonna maybe find out…

Zac: They hurt like forty. [laughs]

Emily: They hurt like forty?

Zac: Remember Cumulous got hit by one, and I have Deflect Arrows and temp HP
and it took like, I had like 20-something health afterwards.

Emily: Okay, then I'm going to just, okay, here's what I wanna do.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Emily: I would like to fly up there.

Brennan: Mm hmm?

Emily: Lightning, I'd like to cast Lightning Lure.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Emily: On the person manning the ballista.

Brennan: Awesome, okay.

Emily: 'Cause that'll draw them 10 feet towards me.

Brennan: Okay, great.

Emily: Okay, however… Oh yeah, so he has to succeed a Strength save?

Brennan: On a natural 3, he does not succeed.

Emily: Okay, so I pull him out of the...

Brennan: Huah, as invisibly, huah, this lightning whips through him and he is
pulled off of the ballista-

Emily: And then, I would like to, from there...

Brennan: And just so you know, there is a crew of people working the ballista-

Emily: Oh.

Brennan: So, effectively, that ballista can't fire on you-

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: This turn, but there's other people up there.

Ally: Ooh.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: You could take out all of them with like fire and stuff and stop that
ballista from working.

Emily: But I feel like I could do better. Okay, my fire breath needs to
recharge, so I wanna use my fire breath on the most people.

Murph: So just attack some dudes with your dragon.

Emily: Call Lightning or something.

Murph: Or just have him claw people.

Emily: Yeah. No, I want him to do a little fire breath.

Murph: Oh, okay.

Emily: Okay, so I do Lightning Lure, he's out of the tower and then I'll have
him, sorry, it's hard for me to reach over there.

Brennan: I know, for sure, I gotcha, you're good.

Emily: And then you know what, fuck it. We're just gonna land and do, I really
just need to do something that takes out a bunch of people. Okay, no, you know
what? I'm gonna be safe, I'm gonna be safe. So, once we land in there, then my
dragon is going to attack.

Brennan: Okay, so now you...

Emily: I'm no longer being invisible.

Brennan: Gotcha, cool cool cool. No longer invisible. Are you going to do claw
attacks, Claw and Bite, to the ballista, or are you going to...

Emily: First he's gonna… He has three attacks.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: One with its bite, two with its claws. So he's gonna bite the ballista.

Brennan: Go ahead, roll for it.

Emily: Let's see what that does. 15?

Brennan: Let me double check. 15 hits, exactly.

Murph: Yes.

Emily: Okay. So the ballista takes 16 damage, plus 1d6 fire, is the ballista
on fire now?

Brennan: Ooh, it starts to catch on fire, yes.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Emily: Great.

Brennan: 21 points of damage has done a significant amount to it. But it's
still operational.

Emily: Then I'm gonna look down, then I think that we should fly a little
further and land, and I'm gonna Cone of Cold this whole infantry.

Brennan: I'm gonna warn you right now. If he's not hiding in that tower, all
the ballistas will have open shots on him.

Emily: Okay, he's gonna hide in the tower. Okay, then, in that case, I will
Quicken Spell to cast Haste on the dragon.

Brennan: Okay, awesome, great. Hell yeah.

Emily: And that's our turn.

Murph: He only gets one attack?

Emily: Oh right, he has the claw attacks.

Brennan: Yeah, that's right.

Emily: Oh, you're fucking right!

Brennan: Roll some claw attacks.

Emily: There's other people in there?

Murph: A ballista's still operational.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: There's a whole crew manning a ballista.

Emily: Sorry guys, I just got confused.

Murph: Don't worry.

Brennan: No worries, I threw a whole different kind of game at you guys.

Emily: I know, I know, okay. Does a 18 hit?

Brennan: Yes it does.

Emily: All right, baby. 2d6 plus 6 slashing damage.

Murph: Yeah, then there's a couple of dudes up there.

Emily: So, 13 damage.

Brennan: Okay, you've done 21 and 13. That's 34, this thing is looking on
death's door.

Emily: Okay, one more attack, baby! And does a 20 hit?

Brennan: Yes it does. It's gonna be 13 more damage. [dragon roar] Cinnamon is
rending this thing asunder. [growls] The ballista's destroyed, and there are
still some living people here that might swing swords at the dragon.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: That might happen, but...

Emily: Okay, and then I do still cast Haste on him, 'cause now we can just fly
around and dismantle these ballistas.

Brennan: Rad, okay, that is Saccharina and Cinnamon. An entire unit of archers
is going to take aim. These archers are down here, they can't see too much in
the field below, so what are they gonna do, take a shot with disadvantage? No,
fuck that, they're not gonna do that, they're gonna shoot the dragon.
Disadvantage.

Emily: Yeah, 'cause they have disadvantage 'cause he has Haste.

Brennan: I just rolled two nat ones.

Murph: They shoot themselves.

Siobhan: That's like the third time this has happened in this game.

Murph: They see a dragon, and they shoot themselves.

Brennan: They shoot themselves.

Emily: Yeah, Ruby, Ruby-

Brennan: I was gonna wait for a more dramatic moment but given I just rolled
two nat ones, I just wanna show you guys what they're all seeing. And I'll put
a little platform out there, so we can see it at the right scale. So let's
zoom in to the finer scale.

[Brennan puts Cinnamon’s mini, which is a big red dragon, on a scale platform]

[Emily screams and claps]

Brennan: This is what they're all seeing.

Siobhan: Oh my goodness, oh my goodness.

Emily: Oh, you little cherub, you have little Cinnamon balls?

[Murph laughs]

Brennan: That is a flaming hot dragon right there.

Ally: That is so good.

Zac: Oh my God.

Brennan: Look at that.

Siobhan: That spicy dragon.

Emily: He's going after your ballistas, bitch. Hide your ballistas.

Brennan: Incredible, okay, um...

Emily: Oh, and he also now has plus 2 bonus to AC.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: So he's 20 AC now.

Brennan: He's 20 AC, gotcha. Awesome, okay, that entire unit fires, which
would have done a truly insane amount of damage if they hadn't rolled two nat
ones. And this person is gonna disengage from this unit and run down the
stairs.

Siobhan: Ooh, who dat?

Brennan: Anyone can make a Perception check, actually only Saccharina, really,
can make a Perception check from here.

Emily: Who is that coward?

Ally: Can you get help from Cinnamon?

Emily: Can I get help from Cinnamon?

Brennan: Sure.

Emily: Okay. Who is this coward? That is a 24.

Brennan: A sort of grape-looking lady with green hair, holding a bow and
lightly armored, rushes down the steps. You don't recognize her.

Emily: Means nothing to me.

Brennan: Means nothing to you.

Emily: So that's cool.

Brennan: Cumulous.

Siobhan: Oh shit.

Brennan: Roaring out of their encampment, a group of Meat Lander mercenaries,
musters and charges in the same round.

Zac: Meat Landers?

Ally: Who are they led by?

Murph: They're mercenaries.

Brennan: Yeah, what's that?

Murph: They're mercenaries, yeah.

Brennan: And a bunch of hot dogs are attacking you.

Siobhan: Ah, the hot dogs' revenge.

Emily: Jawbone, my lover from the Meat Lands isn’t there, right?

Brennan: What's that?

Emily: Jawbone, my lover from the Meat Lands isn’t there?

Brennan: Yes, exactly.

Ally: Who are these Meat Landers led by?

Siobhan: Some rogue, it looks like, maybe?

Emily: Or is it that T-Bone?

Ally: Nuh uh.

Siobhan: She was a leader of the Meat Landers.

[Brennan hisses]

Brennan: 8 plus 8 is 16 which is definitely going to hit, let's see.

Zac: 16?

Brennan: Your unit doesn't use your, um...

Zac: Armor class.

Brennan: Armor class, no. Okay, they successfully hit. Defense is 14. Your
unit has a casualty inflicted on it, your size is 6, so one of your 6 hit
points has been taken. In addition to that, when you're coupled with the unit,
you take a little bit of damage when that unit suffers casualties. Cumulus
takes 8 points of damage.

Zac: I never said this in the roleplay, but I've been doing it. Could he have
temp HP from killing a chicken?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: Okay.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Emily: Why is it always chickens [laughing]?

Brennan: I fucking love it. Okay, that, and then I'm gonna roll for these two.
The dogs do not inflict any casualties on your unit. But you see that this
giant morning star-wielding Meat Lander with a huge lobster claw as his other
hand runs out and goes

Meat Lander: [battle yelling]

Brennan: And just starts slugging it out with you guys in the middle of
Dulcington, in the pre-morning light. It looks like Dulcington, maybe,
actually was evacuated, and that all these places are just filled up with
mercenaries here.

Emily: Even the lingerie shop?

[Brennan laughs]

Lou: Even the damn lingerie shop. Of all things, of all pure things left in
Dulcington.

Siobhan: Jet's grave.

Ally: Oh, I was gonna move when the calvary moved.

Brennan: Oh, that's right, you were.

Ally: Can I still do that?

Brennan: Yes.

Ally: I have Cunning Action and so I have 80 movement. Can I move as close to
Gumbar as I can?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Ally: Sweet.

Brennan: But you're using Cunning Action, but you used your action to attack.

Ally: Well, I thought that was a bonus action.

Brennan: Cunning Action is a bonus action.

Brennan: Oh, cool, yeah, great, so, bonus action.

Ally: So I have plus 10 on my first move from Dread Ambusher.

Brennan: Gotcha, so that's 40.

Ally: So that would be 80?

Brennan: Cool, yeah, you can get all the way right up behind Theo and these
guys, bam. You hear this, fast sprinting rangers behind you, from The Great
Stone Candy Mountains, as you guys are sprinting through the night.

Ally: Sick.

Brennan: Hell yeah. I'm gonna roll a bunch of these in a row real quick. I
don't know who I can fucking hit even. Ballista range is 120, which is gonna
be, okay, ooh, shit. Four times that is, okay. So those two can't even hit,
but the other four are at least within range. That's a miss. That's a miss.
Would have been a hit but for Haste.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: Yeah, baby!

Brennan: You see the ballistae all facing out into the night to tear your
troops apart. Instead, you hear some Vegetanian scream,

Vegetanian: Dragooooon!

Saccharina: It's actually Cinnamon!

Brennan: [dragon bellowing] I've been waiting to play an NPC that just gets to
scream “dragon” for- I can't tell you how long. Cool, now, that's going to be,
pa pa pum. Okay, awesome, back to the top of the order. Liam, that's you.

Ally: Right. So, with my infantry, I make one attack, and that's it.

Brennan: Yes, you can decouple if you wanna go rogue and just be a little
assassin out there, or you can try to take some of these units off the board
and make attacks with your unit.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: And obviously, you're extending your Darkvision and your rangeless,
your lack of disadvantage at long range to your unit when you're coupled with
them.

Ally: Okay, cool. Can I do kind of the same thing that Ruby did, where I use
my Uncanny- I'll do Uncanny Hide, and then attack with advantage?

Brennan: Oh, shit, yeah. Go ahead and give me a Stealth check. You're just
trying to beat a 16.

Ally: Oh, sure.

[Ally whistles]

Murph: Hide behind the big Gummy Bears.

Ally: 24, 25.

Brennan: Yeah, hell yeah. You're hiding behind the Gummy Bears.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: The peppermint rangers and Gummy Bears, these candy warriors taking
their fucking home back. Go ahead and roll with advantage, and who are you
trying to attack?

Ally: I think I'm gonna go for these Ceresians...

Brennan: For Grissini, up on the top of the hill, hell yeah.

[Ally whistles]

Ally: Ay, definitely, 18 plus whatever I'm- What am I adding to them, for my
group?

Brennan: I believe, and I'll actually, yeah, I'll give you a little index card
to write your units' shit down on.

Ally: Is it 22, is it plus 4?

Brennan: Yeah, your unit is plus 4 to attack. So that's 22, correct?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, awesome, yeah, you inflict a casualty. [gunshots firing] You
hear Grissini go,

Grissini: Men, form up! [grunts]

Brennan: As shields come up in front of them. You hear the cracking of bread
and crackers as peppermint arrows thud into them. That's your unit.

Ally: And then, can I hold my movement for when Gumbar goes?

Brennan: Yeah, you can stay lockstep behind Theo, for sure.

Ally: Cool.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Cool, and speaking of which, Theo, that's you, man.

Murph: Sweet, I think I'm gonna start going to meet these guys, so we don't
get closed in.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: And I figured these guys got this. So me and Liam, with Liam's
permission, will start going this way.

Brennan: Cool, and you're gonna just full Dash?

Murph: Yeah, 'cause I can't really attack anybody this turn, right?

Brennan: For sure, makes sense.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: So you're gonna go [air whooshing] move all the way here, just like
sprinting across the field.

Murph: Yep.

Brennan: As fast as you can. You got Liam right behind you, locked in. [fleet
running] Hell yeah, there's the glorious charge of the Knights of North-
Gumbia. You just here this thunderous, [boinging] dum, dum dum, dum, dum dum
dum, dum, dum dum dum. As all these Gummy Bears charge across the field.
That's going to be… This unit is going to scooch over here away from the
dragon.

Saccharina: Cowards!

[Ally chuckles].

Brennan: You see, these are Cruller's men.

Siobhan: Yes, cowards.

Ally: Ooooh.

Brennan: These guys are gonna take some shots. Actually no you have complete
cover from the guys right down there. These guys are actually gonna flee, and
rush down here. These guys are going to fire at the Knights of North-Gumbia,
with disadvantage. Complete miss. Ping, ping, you can feel Cruller, little
rolled donut arrows from House Cruller, pinging off of your armor.

Murph: Oh, that stupid donut.

[Brennan laughs]

Brennan: And that's going to be Amethar.

Lou: Great, my guys will continue to move up the hill as much as we can.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Lou: How much movement does the, yeah, and can we start to swing around here?

Brennan: Yes, you can make it to right here.

Lou: Great, perfect.

Brennan: Cool, great.

Lou: And then, the cavalry don't act on my turn yet, right?

Brennan: Now they do, yeah, any uncoupled Rocks units act on your turn.

Lou: How fast can they move?

Brennan: They have a speed of 60, so they can clear 120.

Lou: Can they back up the Knights of North-Gumbia?

Brennan: Yes, they can.

Lou: Great, so I'm going to do that. And then, if these archers take just a
movement action, can they get within range of the Ceresians?

Brennan: They'll be firing uphill with disadvantage, but yes, they can.

Lou: I'll tell them to take the shot anyway.

Brennan: All right, these guys move right here behind you. Go ahead and give
me a roll with disadvantage, you're trying to beat an AC of 16, you’re adding
plus 4.

Lou: Nat 1.

[machine powering down]

Brennan: Okay. [gunshots firing] They fire off into the dark, then that's
Amethar, any other House Rocks that are uncoupled? Oh, just these ones.

Siobhan: These archers right here.

Brennan: They're gonna move forward and they're gonna fire on those Meat
Landers. The Meat Landers, no, they have torches lit because they can't fight
in the dark, so go ahead and, I'm gonna say, Cumulous, give me an attack roll
for those archers on the Meat Landers.

Zac: Just a regular attack roll?

Brennan: Yep, you're gonna add plus 4.

Zac: 13.

Brennan: 13, does that hit the barbarians? It does not hit the barbarians. No
casualties inflicted as they fire. Huagh, these Meat Landers mean fucking
business. Infantry, cavalry, irregulars. That's going to be...

[dramatic music]

Brennan: Vegetania. Cavalry musters right here. and we're gonna go swing
around on the road to face the Knights of North-Gumbia. That's gonna be 50,
70, 60 is right there. [mutters] 120. Comes thundering down the hill.

Murph: Ooh.

Brennan: To attack, you see Sir Keradin Deeproot emerge with heavily armored
Vegetanian Knights, through the front gate and these Vegetanian archers are
also going to fire on the Knights of North-Gumbia, with disadvantage as we
charge through the dark. Miss, once again, heavily-armored Knights of North-
Gumbia. [armor pinging] That's going to be Cheddar. Go ahead and let's get
some attack rolls on these.

Ally: Yeah, someone else [laughs].

Brennan: Again, you're going for ballistas, right?

Lou: Yeah, what do we need?

Brennan: For ballistas you need AC 15, you're adding to the trebuchet-

Siobhan: Plus 5, right?

Brennan: Plus 5, correct.

Siobhan: Is it still disadvantaged?

Emily: Is there a ballista in the one behind, as well?

Brennan: Still disadvantaged, yeah.

Emily: Is there a ballista in the one behind.

Brennan: Yes, there is.

Emily: Good, okay.

Lou: 16.

Brennan: 16, hell yeah. Go ahead and roll 8d10 damage.

Murph: Yeah.

Emily: Woo!

Lou: Can I get d10s? Gracias, I have five, six, seven.

Ally: Here you go.

Siobhan: 9.

Lou: 9 or 8?

Siobhan: Here you go.

Ally: Oh.

Lou: Okay, 9 or 8?

Brennan: Eight, 8d10.

Siobhan: Oh, thank you.

Lou: Two three four, take one of those. Oh.

[Ally whistles]

Lou: 9, 10, 19, 26, another 10, 36, plus another 10, 46 plus 3, 49 plus 7...

Brennan: Which one of these ballistas do you want gone?

Emily: I would say I might be able to get to that one, so maybe don't do that
one.

Lou: Let's go further then. Can we hit this one? This one right here, yes.

[ballista exploding]

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You guys are all sprinting across the fields, fields that not too
long ago you were running in bloody chaos from, you hear [air whooshing] and
you can feel a rain of cheese crumbs falling on you overhead, as a 20-foot
wide cheese boulder [tower shattering] takes the top of one of the towers out.

Siobhan: You've got two more of those rolls.

Brennan: Yeah, go for two more.

Lou: That's gonna be 15.

Brennan: That's a hit. Go ahead and roll 8d10.

[everyone cheers]

Lou: Oh, great, let me do the thing that- 19 plus 14.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Lou: Is 35

Brennan: 35.

Lou: 35, plus another 9.

Murph: 44.

Siobhan: 44.

Lou: Plus 7.

Brennan: Is that 51?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Pick another one, which one's gone?

Lou: Saccharina, which ones you...

Emily: I'm hoping to get to that one.

Brennan: There's one here too.

Lou: Great, we'll take this one then.

[ballista exploding]

Brennan: Boom, you hear screams from within the castle.

Zac: Last one.

Murph: Come ooon.

Murph: Come on, Lou.

Lou: No.

Zac: Oh!

Lou: 7 plus 5 is 12, so.

Ally: Dang, nice roll.

[air whooshing]

Brennan: You hear from behind, at least you hear someone be like,

Dairy Islander: Let's get Amethar his home back, shall we? No one likes a rude
guest!

Brennan: And the Dairy Islanders cheer. [people cheering] That's going to be
Ruby.

Siobhan: I mean, it worked so well last time. How can I not? I'm gonna try and
hide again and then hit these Vegetanian knights.

Brennan: Give me a Stealth check. You're just trying to beat a 16.

Siobhan: 16.

Brennan: Whoa, there you go, all right.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll with advantage.

Siobhan: Ah fuck, it's plus 5?

Brennan: Plus 4.

Siobhan: Yeah, I got an 8. I rolled two 4.

Brennan: No worries, you slaughter them, and then they're awake and know
what's happening and shields go up. [swords clanging] And actually, I already
mustered, these guys changed to over here, these ones are gonna swing around
as well to face you. They're gonna go ahead and attack.

Zac: Oh did they?

Brennan: 18 plus 4, 22.

Murph: Our calvary needs to go after this, I think.

Zac: Yeah, I think we missed a calvary.

Brennan: Which one?

Murph: The one that's after the Vegetanian knights, or these guys here?

Zac: Whatever this guy is.

Brennan: Jawbreaker has not gone yet.

Murph: Oh, that’s Jawbreaker, got it.

Siobhan: Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: Hell yes. Okay, Uncanny Dodge. I'm going to apply that to- Your unit
takes a half casualty?

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: But you're gonna take half of this.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Which is, 8, 6, 14, 17. You take 8 points of damage. Huah, [punches
landing] from the chaos of war, as you're still you know, sliding and, huah
huah huah, putting arrows inside of these guys as fast as you can. That is
going to be Jawbreaker now. These guys are gonna take another swipe at this.
Someone give me an attack from Jawbreakers cavalry on the back of these
Vegetanians.

Siobhan: I'll do it.

Murph: Ruby, you wanna go for it, you're there anyway.

Brennan: You're there with them, yeah. Roll with advantage, they're flanking.

Siobhan: Great. 17?

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: They have a plus 8.

Murph: Nice.

Siobhan: Oh, great, then 21.

Brennan: That is an another casualty, they're gonna roll a morale check to see
if they suffer more casualties. And that is going to be a- That's a failure.
You see, they're just being slaughtered. They've stumbled out of their tents,
they were the closest to the river, and it's gonna be over for them pretty
much before it began. There's just dregs left. That's Jawbreaker's cavalry. He
comes surging the rest of the way up behind Amethar. More infantry fall in
behind these House Rocks archers, and I believe that's all the Jawbreaker
forces that are out there right now. Moving on from Jawbreaker.

[suspenseful music]

Brennan: Okay. Ba bum-bum. Okay. Jawbreaker… Moves here, Grissini starts
marching towards you and, again, has his guys square up. Gave them a Dodge
action, so everyone’s gonna have disadvantage attacking them. That's going to
be Cumulous.

Zac: Okay, Cumulous is just going to attack the dudes in front of him, just a
regular attack.

Brennan: Awesome, yeah, go for it and you're just adding a-

Zac: With the squad.

Brennan: You're adding plus 8 to this.

Zac: Okay, for the team?

Brennan: For the team.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And you can use powers that you have to bolster them if you want to.

Zac: Plus 8, 22.

Brennan: 22, you inflict a casualty.

Zac: Okay, and I'm going to Stunning Strike. Can I apply that?

Brennan: I will let you apply that.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead and- Let me just roll this real quick. Hold on a
second. Plus 4.

Zac: It's a con save.

Brennan: Con save? Plus 4. That is a natural 2.

Ally: Hey!

Brennan: Your marauders, these Meat Landers are tough. They fucked you up at
the beginning, but you watch as suddenly half of the soldiers in your
marauders group teleport and Misty Step into the middle of them, stab, come
out, brah, brah, and all these magical weapons come out, puah, puah, as the
Frostwhip marauders and the Order of the Spinning Star go to work on these
Meat Landers.

Zac: Because I'm attacking with the group, I don't get another attack, is that
right?

Brennan: If you burn ki points to do a Flurry of Blows, I'll let you do that.
So the extra attack does not apply, but if you wanna spend resources on it,
you can.

Zac: You know what, they're stunned for the turn?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: Okay, so then technically the archers will get them while they're
stunned, as well, with an advantage.

Brennan: And get advantage, yeah.

Zac: Okay, then, yeah, I'm just gonna attack 'em again with...

Brennan: Go for it, and you're rolling advantage on this one, 'cause they're
stunned. You burn the ki points.

Zac: Yeah. That is, I add a 8 to it?

Brennan: You add 8 to it.

Zac: 17.

Brennan: 17 hits.

Zac: Okay, great, whew.

Brennan: You guys look over across the river and Dulcington and see a haunting
blue purple and pink light begin to [air whooshing] swirl up and you hear the
screams of Meat Landers out there. That's going to be Cumulous and his unit.
That's gonna be Saccharina and Cinnamon.

Emily: Okay, if Cinnamon took a double movement, could he get to this
balustrade?

Brennan: Double movement for him is almost four inches, let's find out. 'Cause
that's, no, that's 50, so that's 80, no, it's more like seven inches. So, this
is a double move for Cinnamon.

Emily: So he can get there.

Brennan: Yeah, in a double move.

Emily: Sweet.

Brennan: Where are you trying to get to?

Siobhan: The other ballista.

Ally: The final ballista.

Brennan: The ballista, cool, oh, yeah.

Emily: I was wondering if, on the way, I wanted to go over the side and
Lightning Bolt this row in the middle.

Brennan: What's the length of Lightning Bolt If you don't mind my asking?

Emily: 100 feet.

Brennan: 100 feet?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: That's four inches. Jesus Christ.

Murph: Yooooooo.

Brennan: And how much damage does that do?

Emily: I think I'm just gonna do it at a third level, so it would do 8d6.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll 8d6.

Emily: And also, it would ignite flammable objects that aren't being worn or
carried.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll 8d6 for me.

Emily: Okay.

Lou: You need more?

Siobhan: I got some over here.

Brennan: You do 8d6, cool.

Zac: Would I have gotten temp HP for that?

Brennan: Yes, you would have.

Zac: With my group?

Brennan: Your group would not have, no.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: What were you gonna say?

Brennan: Go ahead and roll 8d6.

Emily: Okay. You know, I'm gonna do Empower Spell.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: So I'm gonna reroll. It says I can reroll my charisma, which is 5.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna... [mutters] A little better, okay. So, 11, 14. 22, 28,
29.

[dragon shrieking]

[air whooshing]

Brennan: Cinnamon takes off. Huah, chocolate and deep cinnamon fire and you
see that he gives you a little twitch in his shoulder to let you know that he
swirled upside down.

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: Hanging upside down, you extend a hand and rake lightning, killing a
third of the archers on the wall, inflicting two casualties. Huah, immediately
it's like 20, 30 people, huaaagh, go up in lightning and are done.

Emily: And because he has haste, Cinnamon now has an action. And he's going to
attack the balustrade.

Murph: Yoooooo.

[Brennan and Emily laugh]

Emily: And the ballista.

Brennan: And the ballista, go for it.

Murph: I'm just imagining one of the dudes doing that thing where there's an
explosion, when they do that running in the air thing.

Ally: Oh my God.

Emily: Okay, first there's his bite.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: 23.

Brennan: 23 hits.

Emily: Okay, so. 9 damage plus 6 fire damage.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: 15\. Then he's going to claw. 21, did it hit?

Brennan: That hits.

Emily: 16 damage.

Brennan: [barely avoiding a spit take on his drink] Jesus.

Emily: And then, finally. It hits again, 29.

Brennan: Yeah, that'll do it.

Emily: And 15.

[dragon shrieking]

Brennan: This dragon streaks through the skies over the castle, brimming with
arcane energy. Holy shit, another ballista destroyed.

Murph: Haste on a dragon?

Emily: [laughing] Yeah, Haste on a dragon, baby.

Brennan: You see Cinnamon just crows and lights up the fucking stuff.

[dragon shrieks]

Brennan: That is now, um...

Siobhan: There's only three ballistas left?

Brennan: That one, that one, that one. Three left.

Lou: Wow.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Holy shit.

Murph: Phew.

Brennan: Okay, these archers are gonna take shots here. He has an AC of 22
because he's got cover, it's not the higher tower. Complete miss. [arrows
flitting past] Arrows, ping ping ping ping ping off of his dragonscale. And
you see, okay. Another unit musters, begins to-

Murph: Yikes.

Ally: Who's on that?

Brennan: Plumbeline. That is the Meat Landers.

Zac: They're fucked up, right?

Brennan: They're stunned, fuck. Well, the dogs aren't.

Murph: Hah, the little hot dogs, I hate them.

Brennan: They miss, the dogs miss. That's going to be, the ballista are gonna
take some attacks, they no longer fire at disadvantage. It's gonna be...

Lou: Who are they firing at?

Emily: The dragon?

Siobhan: Um, the dragon?

Lou: The dragon.

Zac: One of them doesn't have the eyeline, I feel like.

Brennan leans down to see whether the ballista can see Cinnamon. (It can’t.)

Emily: Oh yeah.

Brennan: You know what, Zac, why don't you keep your fucking...

Emily: The one back there?

Zac: Excuse me?

Brennan: Why don't you keep your fucking opinions? You're exactly right, I'm
gonna roll-

Emily: Does that other one have line of sight?

Brennan: I'm gonna say, one of them hit on a one through two. Then, that's a
6. Okay, so this one up here does hit and deals 14 points of damage to
Cinnamon. [air whooshing] [dragon shrieking] As a doughnut lance spears into
the side of the dragon.

Emily: My baby!

Brennan: Okay, that is back to Liam, that's your unit.

Ally: Okay, I have a question. If I wanna act individually and cast Hunter's
Mark on someone, do I have to leave my group?

Brennan: No, you can do it from your group.

Ally: Okay, awesome, then I'm going to attack the people right in f\- Ah, no.
I'm gonna go for this Vegetanian...

Murph: Calvary.

Ally: Calvary.

Murph: That's a good idea.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: And yeah, I'm just gonna attack normally.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

[Murph exhales]

Ally: Nat 1. Uh, interesting.

Brennan: What spell did you cast?

Emily: It happens.

Ally: No, that was just for a regular attack, but now I'm going to, oh, I
guess I'm not within 90, what's 90 feet on this board?

Brennan: 90 feet in this board is about four inches, so.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Yep.

Ally: Okay, cool, well then, you know what, can I do my hide thing and attack
with advantage, instead since I'm...

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Stealth check.

Ally: Cool, oh, right. Yeah, that's 17?

Brennan: 17's great, yep, that'll do it.

Ally: Good.

Brennan: Go ahead to see if this is higher than a nat 1.

Ally: Interesting, I certainly hope so. Yeah, but it's only a 13.

Brennan: 13 is not gonna do it.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Cool, you continue to charge after Theo and his unit.

Ally: Yeah, same thing, I'll give you my movement.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Cool, so you're just keeping your movement in lockstep?

Ally: Oh, I don't think House Rocks attacked last time, 'cause we had their
calvary, though.

Brennan: Cavalry was speeding to join you.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: And there's no one for them to attack yet.

Ally: Oh, the one that is flanking with Ruby.

Siobhan: They attacked, they...

Siobhan: Jawbreaker.

Brennan: Jawbreaker, yes.

Siobhan: Jawbreaker.

Ally: Oh, that's what I meant, Jawbreaker.

Brennan: Another full dash?

Murph: I don't think I wanna run up into this business right now. 'cause we're
kinda screwed. I think maybe we shift and get into position to meet this
calvary or something, maybe even like coordinate with these guys to kinda
protect Liam's.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: If that's cool, when they move on Amethar's.

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: All right, so I'm gonna set myself up here, then once the cavalry is in
range, we'll go after 'em, and then I'm hoping that these guys come like here
and...

Brennan: So you're not taking Dodge, you're readying an attack for when they
close.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, you set for a charge, awesome. That's Theo and his unit, badda
boom, Amethar, that's you.

Lou: All right, can we close with Grissini?

Brennan: On a speed of 40? Yep, and actually you get an action.

Lou: Can my unit rage?

Brennan: Your unit can rage.

Lou: Great, [yells] all of us.

Emily: Just a bunch of frat boys just being like, yeah, yeah!

Lou: Let's go, die, die, die! Sorry.

Brennan: Incredible, these guys are taking the Dodge action, so you do have
disadvantage on the attack.

Lou: Great, okay, let's do it, let's go with it. Lower of the two is just
gonna be 13.

Brennan: 13 does not hit.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: So you [air whooshing] take your attack at them. That's Amethar and
your unit, then that's all of House Rocks.

Lou: Can these guys move to shoot on the Vegetanian's calvary?

Brennan: Yes, they move 30, there are at equal ground, so they're not gonna
get disadvantage on this. Go ahead and roll an attack for them.

Lou: What do they get?

Brennan: Plus 4.

Lou: It's only 6.

Brennan: [arrows flitting past] They fire off into the dark, and then, House
Rocks cavalry, what are they doing?

Lou: On Theo's orders, move into this position to defend.

Murph: Should we move to Liam, like here-ish?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, cool.

Lou: And they'll kind of be, yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, flanking there.

Lou: Ready for the Vegetanians, right?

Zac: And then the ones behind me as well.

Brennan: Oh, and they're gonna fire. Go ahead and fire up on the Meat Landers,
they get advantage.

Zac: Cool. 17.

Brennan: 17.

Zac: Plus whatever they add.

Brennan: Yeah, that's definitely gonna do it, awesome.

Ally: Hypothetically, could I go solo and give my archers to Theo to keep
walking with him?

Brennan: They would probably just keep doing stuff, they just wouldn't get
your advantages in this situation. But, yeah, if Liam wants to fuck off, Liam
can fuck off, and do his own thing.

Ally: Okay, cool, I just wasn't sure if they stopped acting.

Brennan: No, they will continue.

Ally: We definitely still need them.

Brennan: They will continue to act.

Zac: They won't get that range and stuff.

Ally: So far, I haven't used any of my abilities for them. I should have just
taken my three attacks in my first round.

Zac: You hit those guys over there in the first round, they were really far.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: True, true, yeah.

Zac: You've been attacking with advantage too.

Brennan: What did you roll on that attack for them?

Zac: I rolled a 17, so I add whatever the bonus is.

Brennan: Gotcha, cool, cool, cool, great. That's going to now be, that's them.
That's gonna be the Vegetanians.

Zac: Did they hit me, any of the Meat Landers, or do we...

Brennan: They did, look, they inflicted another casualty. The Meat Landers are
looking not good right now.

Zac: Do I know how many units they have, or just...?

Brennan: You killed about half their number.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: So that's now going to be Vegetania. These guys close.

Murph: I have an action prepared, can we attack 'em?

Brennan: You can attack 'em, go for it.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Nice.

Murph: What do my guys get?

Brennan: Your guys, the wonderful Knights of North-Gumbia, you have a very
high defense, your power is plus 4.

Murph: Okay. Ugh, 10.

Brennan: Okay, this guy's going to attack. That's a hit. They inflict a
casualty, but it is just barely a casualty, so you don't take any damage from
it.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: That's going to...

Murph: Can I cast Shield on my unit?

Brennan: Give me an Arcana check, I'll call it a DC 15 Arcana check.

Murph: Can Princess help me?

Brennan: Princess can help you.

[Emily shrieks and laughs]

Murph: Please help me, Princess, I don't have great Arcana. 21.

[Emily shouts and laughs]

Brennan: Oh my God. You see that the Vegetanian calvary go,

Vegetanians: For the Bulb above, may its light protect us!

Brennan: You throw Swirlwarden up, and the largest shield you've ever
conjured, a 40-foot shield, flashes across the battlefield and, boom! These
Vegetanian celery horses smash into the front of the shield.

Murph: So rad.

Brennan: Incredible. Fucking a siege of a castle! That's those knights. We got
other people going, 'cause we're gonna close with these cavalry, here, come
for House Rocks. That's a hit. They inflict a casualty on House Rocks.

Murph: How many people do we have on the horses there?

Brennan: Calvary is very powerful but very small. So that's one of four hit
points that they have gone.

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: These guys are going to advance down the hill, Keradin and his
people. These guys are going to move as well. So, that's gonna be, Jesus.
They're gonna go here, take a Dodge action. Vegetanians, and then these ones
are gonna come for Ruby. That is a miss. They do not inflict the casualty on
Ruby or your unit. And I'm trying to think if there's any other fucking
Vegetanians that I have here. I do not have any Vegetanians.

Ally: Can I ask you a question?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Again, with these mechanics, if I wanted to cast something that's like
Bursting Arrow or Hail of Thorns, that affects multiple people near it.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Ally: Does that work in this kind of a battle or not really? Would I be able
to hit someone and inflict a casualty on them?

Brennan: Area of effect spells are very effective, like a Lightning Bolt,
things that affect an area, mean that you can, as an individual, do stuff to a
unit, for sure.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: There's a potential to inflict a casualty, yes.

Ally: Very cool.

Brennan: That's gonna be the trebuchet again.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Ally: Yes.

Emily: Woo, come on, we got it.

Ally: Come on!

Emily: Let's go, dude.

Lou: Nat 1. 16.

Zac: Forgot about the disadvantage.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: Yeah.

Zac: That was such a slow roll to a nat 20.

Ally: Dang.

Lou: One, two, three, four, five, six. Sorry, can I borrow your two again?
Yeah, drink that coffee.

Brennan: [finishing his coffee] Suck it down.

Lou: 8, 11, 16, 23, 30, 42, 47. Yeah, that one.

Brennan: That one here? Okay, that one is still operational, 47 is not enough
to do it.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Aww.

Murph: Get it one more time.

Lou: What does it add?

Brennan: These add plus 5.

Lou: 13.

Brennan: Okay, nope, so [ballistae fire] they keep raining down. [ballistae
fire] Ruby, that's you and your unit.

Siobhan: Well, it's worked so far, so, who am I to not hide? Yeah, I hide.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go ahead and roll with advantage.

Siobhan: 16.

Brennan: Ruby, you tell me, what happens as you and your unit move on these
Vegetanians?

Siobhan: I just want to fully terrify them, so they are shitting themselves as
we split them.

Emily: Oh my God.

Siobhan: All the way up the body.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: Ruby, in the middle, Flickerish comes out. Green arrows are stuck out
of bodies everywhere and [grunts] you stand the Princess of Candia and the
commander of this unit is gored by your sister's blade. This unit screams,
routs, disband. They are off the board.

Siobhan: And then I'll take my movement just along the road.

Brennan: Awesome, you're gonna take your movement.

Siobhan: Which is 35.

Brennan: 35, yeah, you come up right behind the cavalry here.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Awesome.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Bringing up the rear, that's going to be...

Siobhan: Rear guard is the fear guard.

Brennan: That's gonna be Jawbreaker. Jawbreaker, this unit is gonna come up
behind these archers, here, Ruby, you got your unit here.

Siobhan: Yeah, can that unit go after these guys, this other cavalry?
Vegetanian cavalry?

Brennan: Yes, in the dark you call out to Jawbreaker's cavalry, and then you
see they go,

House Jawbreaker: All right, Your Highness!

Brennan: And then [air whooshing] turn around. That's gonna be 50, 60, that's
a lot. Yeah, these guys do a full charge to close. They don't get an action,
though.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: They come up to, basically, actually they're gonna come right here
and start flanking that cavalry.

Siobhan: Awesome.

Brennan: Then that's going to be, that's Jawbreaker there, this unit.

Lou: Is there any way we can rotate, or is that just...

Brennan: No, you can rotate. I'm actually gonna go ahead and have these guys
move irregular, and they are going to, you see that there's a little Bulbean
church here, Joren's in this group, and you see he goes, he just says,

Joren: Through the church!

Brennan: And just knocks a Bulbian symbol off of the fucking fence on his way
through.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: And moves right into here. He can go ahead and make an attack on
Grissini's unit with disadvantage.

Lou: You want me to roll it?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and roll it.

Siobhan: Would he have advantage because he's flanking, so that gives him
advantage?

Brennan: It cancels out, so it's just one roll.

Murph: Sweet.

Lou: 5 plus whatever.

Brennan: It's not gonna do it. That is Jawbreaker and his unit. The ram is
moving up slowly behind them. That's going to be... [sighs] Okie dokie.
Archers muster and immediately fire on Amethar's unit.

Zac: That are raging.

Brennan: Hm?

Lou: We're raging.

Zac: They're raging.

Brennan: That are raging, yep.

Lou: We as a unit, together in rage.

Brennan: They do inflict a casualty on your unit.

Lou: Halved to what, half ca-

Brennan: Half a casualty. You take 5 points of damage halved to 2.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Okay, that's now going to be Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: Okay. They're not stunned anymore, is that correct?

Brennan: They are now no longer stunned, that's correct.

Zac: Yeah, I'm just gonna attack 'em.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: Right?

Brennan: Yep.

Zac: What do I add to it?

Brennan: Oh, you add plus 8.

Zac: 16.

Brennan: 16 exactly hits. You inflict another casualty, they have to make a
morale check. Which they succeed, they don't lose another casualty.

Zac: Can I Stunning Strike them again?

Brennan: Yes, you can, burn another ki. They do not succeed, they are stunned
again, insane.

Zac: Okay, I'm going to save the other hit and hope that the archers can take
them out and then they'll start running.

Brennan: Cool. Saccharina and Cinnamon, that's you.

Emily: Okay, I think that Cinnamon, he uses Haste into both actions to get
here. And then, when I get there, I'm gonna Lightning Lure, the guy who's
manning this, what is the B word again?

Brennan: Ballista.

Emily: This ballista again out of the tower.

Brennan: Okay, you can make it there in one move.

Emily: Oh, I can make it there in two moves?

Brennan: Two moves, sorry. Okay, but so then he does still attack.

Brennan: Move and then action. Yes, you can.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Murph: You can attack the ballista that's still there again.

Emily: Yeah, then he's gonna go for the ballista.

Brennan: There's no point in even rolling, it has 3 hit points left, it's
fucking toast.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Saccharina: Yeah, baby.

Brennan: And then Saccharina has got a spell, if you have any other actions.

Emily: Oh, I Lightning Lure the guy out of the tower.

Brennan: Oh, cool. Yeah. [lightning strikes] He's done. Awesome, just going to
work.

Emily: Then we hide.

Brennan: They see this dragon is been barely even flying. With Haste, he's
kinda just pouncing. [air whooshing] Vaulting off, bam. That is going to be…
Yeah, that'll do it. Lemme do this real quick. [loses a die] Ooh, sorry.

Lou: He's dropping dice.

Siobhan: Yeah, you drop it, you don't get to roll it, I think that's the rule.

Brennan makes a roll then stares at it for a second.

Ally: Wait, what?

Siobhan: Shh.

[Emily, Siobhan and Ally laughing]

Ally: I wouldn't get to roll anything.

[Emily, Siobhan, Ally, Lou and Zac laughing]

Murph: Do they hit even with us having Shield?

Brennan: Nat 20.

Ally: Fuck.

Emily: Ooh.

Zac: Oh, that sucks.

Emily: Oh no!

Brennan: However, they're not attacking your unit.

Murph: They're attacking me, specifically?

Brennan: Yeah.

[Emily gasps]

Murph: No.

Brennan: 9, 12.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: 15, 25, 28, 30-

Siobhan: Plum-bitch? She's mad at you.

Brennan: 30.

Siobhan: That you won against her.

Brennan: You take 36 points of damage.

Murph: Minus 3?

Brennan: Minus 3.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: I'm gonna need an Athletics check from you.

Murph: Jesus.

Emily: Is it a saving throw?

Brennan: Oh, sorry, this is a Strength saving throw.

Emily: So add a d4.

Brennan: This is going to be DC 18.

Murph: Jesus.

Emily: Add a d4.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: Princess help?

Murph: Jesus fucking Christ. Oh, wait, that's 12, ah, nah, that's 15.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Plumbeline coming at you in a chariot.

Siobhan: With a lance, she's mad, she's got revenge in her sight.

Emily: Oh no, are those water daggers?

Murph: If that's an Athletics...

Brennan: Hold on a second, sorry.

Zac: You might be trampled.

Murph: Oh, fuck.

Ally: That's so cute.

Brennan: Oh, sorry. Keep it right there. You are knocked prone, take that
damage, as Plumbeline hits you square in the center of your armor and flattens
you to the ground. She goes,

Plumbeline: Just, well, it seems we are well met again, Sir Theobald.

Theobald: Yeah, I guess this time, maybe I should also have a horse? That
would be fair. Yeah no, you're great when you have a horse and I don't! You
fucking rule, Plumbeline. We almost named you Emperor.

Brennan: These archers are getting terrified of this fucking dragon.

Emily: I have extra cover, right, 'cause I'm in the big one now?

Brennan: Yes you do. 7, 21, does 21 hit?

Emily: I think it's a 22 with AC?

Brennan: 22 with AC, yep. [arrows flitting past] Arrows, once again, ping ting
ting ting tang tang tang! That is that, that's going to be the Meat Landers,
who are fucking stunned again.

Zac: Sorry!

Brennan: Sorry, dude. Cumulous, you take 7 points of damage as the dogs on
either side close in.

Zac: Me specifically?

Brennan: Yes, you specifically.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: As the dogs close in on either side, and inflict another casualty on
the marauders.

Ally: Oof.

Brennan: That's going to be the remaining ballista. It's a miss. That's a miss
as well. [ballista fire] As they fire on the dragon. Liam, that's gonna be
you.

Ally: Okay, I'm hopping solo.

Brennan: Mm hmm.

Ally: I'm guessing, since I was kind of behind Theo, can I run here and flank
Plumbeline?

Brennan: Oh my god, yes you can.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: Yo, my dude.

Ally: Cool.

Emily: I'm glad you're doing this, 'cause the dragon was about to reroute.

[Ally and Emily laugh]

Zac: To what?

Emily: Reroute.

Ally: Okay, so, I get two attacks on Plumbeline?

Brennan: Yes, you do.

Ally: Okay, first attack. [whistles] Oh, yeah, that's 22?

Brennan: 22 hits.

Ally: And I would like to add my Bursting Arrow to this attack.

Brennan: Yes, go for it.

Ally: Okay, cool, so.

Brennan: What's Bursting Arrow do?

Siobhan: Plus Sneak Attack?

Ally: Yeah, I got it. Bursting Arrow adds 2d6 to damage. Hell yeah.

Murph: Yooooo.

Ally: So that's 10, 21, 29. Plus, she's my favored enemy, so 33 on the first
attack.

Brennan: [laughing] Okay.

Siobhan: War guy.

Ally: War guy's back.

Theobald: What do you say, 2v2 now, you and the horse versus us? You fucking
asshole? I tried to shake your hand.

Ally: Okay, second attack. Come on, for a crit, please. Oh, so close to a
crit, 19. Okay, so 30 probably hits, right?

Brennan: 30, [laughs] okay, let's see what happens.

Murph: All right, everyone relax.

Ally: And then, for this one, I'd like to cast Hail of Thorns, which is a
bonus action.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: It says next time you hit a creature, the second level Hail of Thorns,
and can I use Bursting Arrow again? Is that something I get to use each...

Brennan: No, it's once per short rest, yeah.

Ally: All right, 2d10, plus Sneak Attack on the second one, right? Plus my
normal?

Brennan: 2d10, you're not doing double damage on this one.

Ally: I know.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: It's a d10 for my normal hit, Hail of Thorns is another d10.

Brennan: Is another d10, cool.

Ally: And then I'm doing it second level Hail of Thorns.

Brennan: Oh shit, yeah, throw it in there.

Ally: That's 3d10, and then my 2d6 from the Sneak Attack?

Brennan: Sneak Attack is only once per turn.

Ally: Oh, okay, okay.

Brennan: No worries.

[heroic music]

Ally: All right, so, let's see here, okay. Yes.

Murph: Yo.

Ally: Hell yeah, so 16 plus 7, 23.

Zac: It's inspiring to watch them roll.

Emily: I know!

Ally: 23, 27. So, 31 and 27, so 58, to Plumbeline, immediately.

[Brennan laughs]

Zac: Plumbeline.

Emily: With enthusiasm.

Siobhan: Liam, you should steal this meep.

Ally: I'm trying to get the chariot, for sure. Is she close to being...

Brennan: Hold on one second, if you would be so kind, just double-checking
something, this is fucking wild. Okay. Hell yeah. Theo, you look up at her
standing over you, being like,

Plumbeline: You die here, sweet little bear.

Brennan: And both of her eyes explode out of the front of her head, and as she
drops, standing behind her, with a, not smoking, but a misting crossbow, is
Liam Wilhelmina, as Plumbeline falls out of the fucking empty chariot.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Brennan: Plumbeline of the house Uvano is dead.

Emily: Yeah!

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: I hop into the chariot.

Theobald: Hell yeah, Liam, man, I'll shake your hand. I'm down to be defeated
by you. I'm just kidding.

Emily: I was squinting from afar being like “I must save him! Oh, actually, I
don't need to”.

Brennan: And that is all for this week on A Crown of Candy. Tune in for the
exciting conclusion next week.

Ally: Wow.

Lou: Great.

Emily: Hey.

[dramatic music]

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 17: For Candia! (Part
2)](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQpfZwJoBl3xhak74fbCsWawsLjHjFU-U3K0vbodMvDqbHnGllSdqnP0gf_vaQJtXNpA9x58TokkpxP/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647660255128&usg=AOvVaw1Gg0R2AWzmJoDvqk091qBS)]

[NEXT TIME ON DIMENSION 20]

[swords clanging against each other]

Grissini: Come on to the castle! Imperial soldiers, keep yourselves, these
Candians must be...

Brennan: Wuuuah, pow!

Amethar: What's the last part of my title?

Ruby: In sweetness there is strength, bitch.

Brennan: Bam, kwao, pop!

[hollow barrel rolling]

Brennan: Chaaaarge!

Emily: Yeah!

[arrows flitting past]

Brennan: [gags] An arrow goes through his throat and he falls to the ground.

Brennan shakes some dice. The cast watches intently as he rolls them but the
camera cuts before he speaks.

[dramatic music]

* * *

Transcribed by Kyber Bonsai

Edited by Kyber Bonsai, Tillie the Paladin, gluegunshots

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjozq-t3yfWpKy9qe26oKRrFXUYeOIPkIlpIfIaXnHB1i6sqHs1smar0etZb2lTsS2DeebfTRt_Xe5hrYGaA:0)

Episode 17: For Candia! (Part 2)

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 Season 5

A Crown of Candy

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Ally Beardsley as Liam Wilhelmina; Brian “Murph” Murphy as Sir Theobald
Gumbar;  
Siobhan Thompson as Princess Ruby Rocks; Lou Wilson as King Amethar Rocks;  
Zac Oyama as Cumulous Rocks; and Emily Axford as Queen Saccharina Frostwhip

Episode 17: For Candia! (Part 2)

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.google.com/url?q%3Dhttps://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTQpwED8_hSXlE1tewnzQ7q_R8iSunadaIlWeYW7YrATDgQre0iRSnoE1xJHElg7dsPshoiAw-
zyy31/pub%26sa%3DD%26ust%3D1596674383514000%26usg%3DAOvVaw2R8_CmLe_r9J0DAMkzCMBE&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680647664534566&usg=AOvVaw2vAmtbudGQfW8ZdUbqpT_u)]

[dramatic music]

Brennan: Welcome one and all to the final, final episode of A Crown of Candy.
I am your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me as always are
our intrepid heroes, say hi, intrepid heroes!

Players: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Jumping right back into the initiative, Liam, you've just wasted
Plumbeline Uvano, the shadows wrap around you, ice mists off your crossbow.
Theo, that is your turn.

Murph: Sweet. Can Liam's archers still shoot?

Brennan: Yes, they can still move on Liam's initiative. That's correct.

Ally: Love it, cool!

Brennan: So if you wanna take an attack on your archers, go for it.

Ally: Yeah, I would like my archers to attack this other-

Brennan: Cavalry?

Ally: Yeah, 'cause maybe Theo could hop on there.

Murph: Oh, maybe should grab two, yeah.

Brennan: Hell yeah, have them go ahead and make an attack. So they don't have
advantage, they're just a regular attack.

Ally: Okay. Oh, ah, hell yeah! Okay, cool, 18.

Brennan: That is a hit. They suffer a casualty.

Ally: So they're down to- Three maybe?

Zac: Three maybe?

Ally: Were they already hit?

Brennan: These guys were not already hit.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: Firing on the cavalry, but again, that's 25% of their number of this
cavalry unit. Vegetanian knights rear back in their chariots. That's going to
be Theo, and your unit.

Murph: Sweet. I think I am going to… Okay, first my- My guys and me, I guess,
will attack the… Is there really any point in me attacking with my unit?
Because-

Zac: You give 'em shield when you can, but that's not something-

Murph: That's true, okay.

Brennan: And you can always use, like, if you want, if you're not doing your
own thing, you can use your action to give your unit advantage. So like, if
you don’t- If you're not casting a healing spell, you're not flying into a
rage, you're not doing whatever else, if you're just like, “I'm walking with
them, I'm fighting with them”, they roll with advantage.

Murph: Okay, sweet. Then I will, I think as my action I'll grant my guys
advantage on the cavalry.

Brennan: Awesome, go for it.

Murph: How much do they get to add to attack?

Brennan: These guys get to add-

Murph: Was it plus 4?

Siobhan: Yeah, I think it was plus 4.

Brennan: I believe it was plus 4, yes.

Murph: Okay, they got a 16.

Brennan: 16 on the cavalry is not gonna hit.

Murph: Okay. I am going to then… Can I bonus action Second Wind?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Murph: Sweet, I'm gonna go ahead and do that real quick. Nice, that's 18 hit
points back. And then I'm going to… I think I'm gonna tell my knights to
defend the archers, and I'll lead the way, I'll send you messages, I just like
pick one- Somebody that looks really responsible.

Brennan: Great. You see that there's a lime gummy bear who goes,

Lime Gummy Knight: [garbled] Gotcha! Pip-pip!

Theo: Limey, you are so responsible.

Lime Gummy Knight: Right-O!

Brennan: You see that he says,

Lime Gummy Knight: For North-Gumbia!

Theo: Love your style.

Murph: And then I'm gonna jump in the carriage with Liam.

Brennan: You jump in the empty chariot with Liam.

Emily: Yeah, buddy.

Brennan: Rad as hell.

Emily: Do you shout road trip? [laughing]

Theobald: Road trip!

Liam: What?

Brennan: And that mount has fresh movement, because it went last round, so if
you and Liam wanna jump on the same mount, you have its full round of
movement, if you want.

Murph: Mhh. We probably don't want to get much closer, but maybe we wanna get-

Zac: You can get out of the way, probably.

Murph: Yeah, we can get ourselves out of the way, although I don't wanna leave
my dudes totally hangin'. Maybe we wanna… Do we have enough movement to like,
[indicates a quick turn on the map] yoink?

Brennan: Ooh, I think you actually might, hold on one second.

Lou: Can they yoink, dude?

Murph: Can we yoink? How hard can we yoink?

Emily: Can we yoink?

Zac: I'm just tryina yoink, dude.

Lou: Let my boys yoink, dude.

Murph: I just wanna know if we can yoink.

Lou: Come on, there's a little downhill on that.

Brennan: 60 is- That's like five… I mean, you have, yeah, 100%.

Ally: You flank.

Murph: Yeah, we'd like to get back here, as far- Kind of as far back, almost
kinda hopin' like Cumulous just being like,

Theo: [laughs] Where's Cumulous?

Brennan: [laughs] Yeah, from here, you guys can make it all the way to here,
or you can- If you wanna hug them-

Murph: Yeah, I'd like to hug them, 'cause I don't want these guys to like get
instant attacks on us.

Brennan: Cool. Absolutely. Awesome, that's your movement. You are flanking.
These guys are going to continue to go across the courtyard. Those guys are
going to f- Actually, they're gonna fire on you guys, I'm afraid.

Murph: Okay. Do we get any kind of cover or anything 'cause of our carriage?

Brennan: Yeah, you get a plus 2 to your AC.

Murph: Oh, sweet.

Brennan: Hold on a second. But you guys are not a unit, you're just two guys
in a chariot.

Emily: Oh no!

Murph: We are a unit.

Lou: Two guys in a chariot. Two guys, one chariot, this fall.

Ally: Coming soon, to TBS.

Brennan: Okay. Theobald, you take 8 points of damage.

Murph: Okay. Down- Minus 3, right?

Brennan: Yes, that's correct.

Murph: Sweet, so 5.

Brennan: Liam takes 13 points of damage. As you guys are riding through the
night. With these, they absolutely need torches on them, or you'll go into a
fuckin' ditch and kill yourself.

Murph: Right on.

Brennan: And it's enough of a target that the archers up on the wall, these
Cruller crossbowmen hit you guys.

Emily: These- It was those guys? The green ones?

Brennan: Mm-hmm. Yes. These guys are going to slide in here. That's going to
be...

Zac: Do we know if they're still being- They’re still doing muster checks, or
is that done?

Brennan: You're not sure if all of the units have been mustered that are here.
It's possible not. But- So you're not certain. That's going to be Amethar.

Lou: Great, can I look at Joren and say,

Amethar: Hey, me, you, that general, now!

Brennan: You see he says,

Joren: Got it, let's roll out the carpet!

Brennan: And five guys go flying.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: And we are going to- Ooh, this is so fun! Here you are. And this is
where he's gonna pop this bad boy, literally right here.

Zac: Alright.

Siobhan: They're so afraid! Run away, little idiots.

Lou: They do look scared now.

Zac: [little scared bird noises]

Siobhan: [bird noises]

Zac: They look like aliens.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: In a cool way.

Ally: Or they look like Marvin Martian.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Amethar, of the House of Rocks, and Duke Joren Jawbreaker.

Ally: Sick, my dad's sick. [Brennan laughing] My dad's so sick!

Brennan: You guys- You guys move through, I'm gonna get some opportunity
attacks on you as you guys close through the lines. None of that hits. For
Joren- Okay, Joren takes a little bit of damage.

Ruby: Wow. You're so strong.

Brennan: You guys just muscle through, someone slashes out at Joren. You
close. You see Constano going,

Grissini: Imperial soldiers! Keep yourselves! These Candians must be-

Brennan: And sees you and Joren closing in on him, lowers his spear. Go ahead
and take your turn.

Lou: Great, yeah, can I move like here?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Lou: And then let me just swing on this guy.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Ally: Advantage at that, since you're flanking?

Lou: I'm not sure. But I hit regardless.

Brennan: No, flanking is for units, not for individuals.

Lou: Great, let’s make- So that's gonna be 24 to hit.

Brennan: Yeah, 24'll do it.

Lou: I'll turn that into a trip attack.

[Brennan laughing]

Emily: Yeah!

Lou: So he need to make, I think it's-

Brennan: Oh, I have your DC back here.

Lou: Great, fantastic.

Brennan: And it's a Strength check, correct?

Lou: Yeah. Yeah.

Brennan: He succeeds.

Lou: Great. What was 2?

Zac: Oh!

Lou: 7 plus 8, 13, plus 9, 22?

Ally and Murph: 7 plus 8 is 15.

Lou: 15 plus 9, 24.

Brennan: Jesus.

Lou: First attack. We'll go again.

Zac: Nat 20!

Lou: Nat 20.

[crowd cheering]

Ally: Crit! Crit! Crit! Crit!

Siobhan: Yes Pops!

Murph: You got superiority die?

Brennan: If you wanna burn it and double it, you can do another trip attack.

Lou: I'll do another trip attack and burn it.

Brennan: Jesus.

Emily: Don't you have something that if you crit on someone-

Lou: He- I don't think he's killed anyone from the family yet.

Brennan: That's an important thing. [to the camera] If Payment Day hits a nat
20 on someone that's killed a member of Amethar's family, they have to save or
die.

Lou: Yeah. Oh, why did so many of those fly out? We'll reroll this 1. It's
still a 1. So 12, 16, 20, 25, 26, plus 9 is 35.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: And then because I crit, Great Weapon Master gives me one more attack.
[Emily squeals] But that's a nat 1.

Brennan: Okay. You deal 59 points of damage to Constano.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Just [roaring].

Lou: Did he pass the trip attack?

Brennan: Oh, I have to make a second save, hold on. Hold on that one's cocked.
He makes the second one.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: You see he's just getting bodied and sliding back to keep his stance.
That is- That's him, that's gonna be your unit, his unit no longer can use his
martial abilities, because he's locked in individual combat with you. Go ahead
and roll for your House of Rocks unit.

Lou: Great. That's gonna be not- 6.

Brennan: Okay. And you can roll for the House of Rocks archers behind you.

Lou: Great, they'll hit- They’ll aim for the cavalry again. I think that'll
hit. What's, plus 4?

Brennan: Plus 4, has to hit an 18.

Lou: Is it plus 4 or plus 5?

Brennan: I believe it's plus 4.

Lou: Okay, then it's only 17.

Brennan: Gotcha. (noises of arrows missing the target) Yeah, cavalry is very
hard to hit.

Lou: And I'll have them move up to-

Brennan: Yes, gotcha. Awesome. That's House Rocks, that's Amethar.

Murph: There's these guys, too, you got these guys.

Siobhan: Yeah, that cavalry.

Brennan: Oh, cavalry, yeah.

Siobhan: And the archers over here.

Murph: Yeah, these guys.

Lou: That cavalry, if it doesn't take an opportunity attack, will move to hit
the Vegetanians.

Brennan: Hit the infantry right here?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. No opportunity attack, closes, and it's flanking with Theo and
Liam on the other side. Go ahead and roll with advantage.

Lou: Plus?

Brennan: Plus 8.

Lou: 19.

Brennan: That inflicts a casualty on the fresh Vegetanian infantry.
Incredible. [grunts] And flies past them. That's House Rocks.

Zac: Oh, can I use that cavalry?

Siobhan: The archers.

Brennan: Yes you can, go for it.

Zac: And I forget if they're still stunned. I forgot if-

Brennan: They are still stunned.

Zac: Okay, cool. So they have advantage.

Brennan: They have advantage.

Zac: 14 plus whatever they add.

Brennan: Oh, that's 18, that hits.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Okay. They hit, these guys have to roll morale. They succeed on
morale. They suffer their fifth casualty. They are almost dead. They are on
the verge of being destroyed. Okay.

[solemn music]

Brennan: Hold on, how fast can these motherfuckers move?

Lou: Oh boy.

Murph: Well, you're gonna get your chance at shredding the carrot.

Brennan: These guys close with you.

Murph: Okay. Are they able to attack this turn?

Brennan: No.

Murph: Whew.

Brennan: They are not able to attack. You hear Keradin calling out and going,

Keridan: Sinner! Will you not face your judgment?

Ally: In Bulbian I say,

Liam: [calmly] The Bulb does not consider you. You are nothing to it. The
Hungry One also doesn't consider you. You're nothing to that as well.

Ally: And I flick a seed at him. Not the good-

Brennan: Not the good one, but yeah.

Ally: Just a random seed.

Brennan: Just a random seed. Go ahead and give me an Intimidation check with
advantage.

Ally: Oh hell yeah.

Murph gasps and points into the dice box.

[Crowd cheering]

Ally: 20! Nat 20! I was not looking at that one!

Brennan: You have to stop rolling nat 20s!

Ally stands up, punching their fist in front of them enthusiastically.

Ally: Yo! I was watching the spinning one, I was like “I don't know”.

Murph: I saw it hit early and I was like-

Brennan: You have to stop this! It's every season!

Liam: Fuck off, Keradin.

Siobhan: Run away, bitch!

Brennan: You see as Keradin looks your steely, glowing peppermint eyes and
understands fundamentally the truth of what you say, in fact seeing your
vision of the world beyond reflected in your eyes, something deep within him
breaks, and he will roll disadvantage on every attack against you for the rest
of the fight.

Emily: Yeah!

Ally: Fuck yeah. And I'm speaking in his ancient language.

Brennan: You're speaking in ancient-

Ally: It's like if I said in Greek some weird shit, to like a Bible scholar.

Brennan: Truly miraculous.

Ally: Oh, fuck yeah.

Brennan: Truly miraculous.

Ally: Shred that carrot.

Brennan: He closes, these guys are actually going to tear away- These guys are
gonna come down here and flank these cavalry coming for House Rocks. And they
do not hit.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: They start to fly by, do not hit. These guys are gonna come, they're
flanking these cavalry as well. That is going to be a hit.

Murph: Is that one casualty?

Brennan: It's one casualty.

Murph: Okay, those guys are down to two.

Brennan: Yeah. Rest of the Vegetanians that are here.

Emily: And Keradin's force, is that at full force?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, Keradin's at full. These archers are going to fire on-

Emily: Wait, I haven't had my turn yet. They fired on them- They fired on-

Brennan: No, Cruller, right here, fired on them.

Emily: Oh, I see.

Brennan: This is Vegetania. And they're actually gonna take- They’re gonna
fire at the dragon.

Emily: But I have cover. 22 AC.

Brennan: They miss. Ping-a-ting-ting-ting!

Lou: Ping-a-ting-ting.

Brennan: Ba ba bum. That's going to be...

Ally: Oh, can we move that battering ram up? I don't think-

Brennan: Oh, that was supposed to go on Rocks, yeah. This one continues to
move up. That's gonna be the Cheddar, that's gonna be the trebuchet.

Ally: Yeah! [clapping]

Murph: Can they attack units?

Brennan: They're really bad at attacking units. They can try to open up holes
in the castle wall, they can try to- And they can eliminate places in the
castle wall where archers are stationed.

Emily: We have only two left, or two of those-

Siobhan: Ballistas-

Brennan: Yeah, you get these two last ballista here.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: Let's do it.

Lou: No. No. Y- Plus?

Brennan: Plus 5.

Lou: To- 16?

Brennan: 16 hits.

Lou: Great.

[cast cheering]

Lou: Are you going for that one in that corner?

Emily: No, I'm going to back up Liam and Theo.

Lou: Okay, great, we'll take out the one in that back corner.

Brennan: Mm-hmm. Go ahead and give me 8d10.

Lou: Oh. 12, 11, 23, 23, 27. Is this math right? Am I doing this math right?
27 plus 10, 37.

Brennan: Okay, still operational. You fire, [roars], another cheese boulder
sails overhead. That's gonna be Ruby.

Siobhan: How far can I get with my movement and dash?

Brennan: Movement and dash. Your speed's 35, right?

Siobhan: Yeah, so it's 70.

Brennan: 70, that's about three inches. And you can do a bonus action dash as
well.

Siobhan: Right, I'm wondering if I wanna do that.

Brennan: So your-

Zac: Hopefully you can attack with a second one.

Brennan: So a double move is about that far.

Ally: Yeah, you'd be caught up.

Siobhan: Okay. Yeah, I'll do that double move. If I step out now, can I step
back in on my next turn?

Brennan: Yes, you can. But you have used your movement to- You're also moving,
yeah.

Siobhan: Right, but could I shoot somebody, is what I'm asking.

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Murph: Couldn't your whole unit shoot people?

Siobhan: No, my unit is infantry.

Brennan: Your unit are not archers. But you absolutely can step out and step
back in. Absolutely, yes.

Siobhan: Great. And how far away is Carrot Man?

Brennan: Let's see how far Carrot Man is away. From you, right now, he's about
seven inches, 7 times 25, he's about 175 feet away.

Siobhan: Oh, so I can't get him. Hmm.

Zac: There's one of those chariots.

Murph: Can you get a chariot?

Siobhan: Yeah, I could shoot a chariot.

Ally: Those chariots are flanking us.

Murph: 'Cause they’re going to mess up our deal.

Siobhan: Yeah, so they're flanked, right, so I can shoot with advantage? Or
no?

Ally: No, they are flanking.

Brennan: That's only for units.

Siobhan: Oh, okay. Well, I mean, I might as well.

Brennan: He's within disadvantage range of your shortbow.

Siobhan: Oh, so I would only be shooting with disadvantage.

Brennan: You'd be shooting with disadvantage.

Siobhan: Fuck! Okay.

Murph: Could Yak, though, give you- Just equal it out?

Siobhan: Then I could equal it out? Yeah.

Brennan: Equal it out and just take a straight attack. Okay, awesome.

Siobhan: No.

Murph: Fuck!

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: 14.

Brennan: 14 does not hit. Arrow flies off into the dark, (ping), off of
Keradin's armor. And your unit has moved, you take an attack. It's gonna be
the Duke Joren Jawbreaker.

Ally: He gets advantage, I think?

Zac: Could your unit have like, readied an action to attack?

Murph: I don't know if he's prone.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, can my- Can my unit ready an attack if somebody comes near
us?

Brennan: No, they cannot. 'Cause you- They used your bonus, oh, they actually
can, yeah. They can ready an attack.

Siobhan: Okay, so if somebody comes next to us, they'll bash 'em.

Brennan: Cool, gotcha. Oop. [one of his dice clatters onto the floor] I've
made a terrible error, that's all right, I have a million dice.

[Ally laughing]

Lou: (singing) I have a million dice.

Ally: I've made a terrible error.

[ominous music]

Brennan: Ooh. Buddy. Oh. 16 plus 3 is 19 plus- 19 plus-

Murph: Joren Jawbreaker, I think.

Brennan: 5 is-

Ally: On Grissini no, he's doing this damage.

Zac: Oh.

Murph: I think so, I think this is good.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, you see, you [grunting], Payment Day, he slides back and is hit
right across the back of the head for 30 points of damage by Chin Seeker.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Boom! As Jawbreaker moves in on the other side of him, this little
breadstick guy, two giant Candian berserkers on either side. You see he goes,

Joren: Oh, you love to see it!

Amethar: You love to see it.

Joren: You spill those guts and I'll get a new set of teeth!

Brennan: That is him. His unit is going to… Actually, they're gonna move this
way, get in between the archers, but they're gonna go for Grissini and flank.
Go ahead and give me an attack roll with advantage.

Lou: Plus 4?

Brennan: Plus 4.

Lou: 14?

Brennan: 14 does not hit. Then you can get his crossbow behind you. Are those-
Or no, that's infantry, right?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay. So there, where do you want that infantry to go?

Lou: Can they start to move through the church as well?

Brennan: Yeah, they take just a full double move, they get up here. Cool.
Getting to the high ground. You guys have like- You can hear your candy
soldiers sweating as they like rush up the hill. Jawbreaker, Ruby, do you have
anywhere you want this Jawbreaker cavalry to go right here?

Siobhan: I mean, why don't they attack the cavalry that's right next to them,
that makes sense to me. And that-

Brennan: Cool. And that makes them flanking. Go ahead and roll with advantage
for them.

Siobhan: Fuck. And it's plus what?

Zac: 8, right?

Brennan: Plus 8.

Siobhan: What's 7 plus 8? 15, nah.

Zac: Nah.

Brennan: No, not gonna do it. And then you have Jawbreaker archery right here.
This cavalry is a little bit injured, this one's not. These guys are uninjured
as well. But you do have Jawbreaker crossbow right there.

Siobhan: Why don't we go after the injured cavalry?

Brennan: Go for it. Give me an attack roll, and we'll do with advantage,
'cause they're flanked, or no they're not flanked, this is just a regular
roll.

Siobhan: Aren't they flanked by that cavalry right there?

Brennan: No, these guys are-

Ally: The injured ones are not flanked.

Brennan: The injured ones are not flanked, yeah.

Siobhan: Okay. No.

Brennan: Not gonna do it. Okay. That is Jawbreaker. That's going to be…
[sighs] Grissini. These guys are gonna close in on you. [tense music] Okay.
That's two hits from Grissini on Amethar. 8, 11, 6 is 17, plus 4 is 21 halved
to 10 on the first one. Second one is 8, 11, 15, 18, 22 halved to 11 on the
next one.

Lou: First one was 10, second was 11?

Brennan: Yes, first one was 10, second was 11. And then his dudes will take
some attacks here. 11, 14, plus 9 is 23, halved to 11 again, as he shouts
orders for all his men to just attack you.

Lou: 11 again?

Brennan: 11 again. What's Amethar at?

Lou: 84.

Brennan: Okay. That's him, his unit is gonna go after Rocks, but without any
of his advantages as a commander. That is a miss from them. House Jawbreaker's
infantry right there is gonna get some from the crossbow. That's going to be…
That's gonna be a miss from them. These guys are going to come here for
Jawbreaker's force. That's gonna be a casualty.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: (whispering) Any other Ceresians doing anything out here? Ba bum.
Ceresian archers appear at the top and are going to fire on that Jawbreaker
cavalry. Or on, sorry, the Rocks cavalry. They inflict another casualty. I'm
gonna need a morale save. These guys- The cavalry has a plus 4 to morale, you
need to hit a 15.

Lou: 14.

Brennan: The Ceresian archers appear at the top of the gatehouse. This cavalry
unit is slaughtered.

Theo: We're in a bad position, Liam.

Liam: Yeah.

Brennan: That's going to be...

Emily: These are bad guys, these are bad guys?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: Pretty much everyone in front of us, those four little-

Brennan: Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: Cumulous is just going to attack the… If I broke off from them, how many
people are there to...

Brennan: Oh. How many- Oh, if you broke off, how many people are there?

Zac: Yeah, like I'm just wondering if it'd make sense for me to… You know
what, I'll just attack 'em with the crew. I’ll just do that.

Brennan: Cool. Go for it.

Zac: They're not stunned anymore, right?

Brennan: I believe it's till the end of your next turn, right?

Zac: Oh, okay, so they're still stunned.

Brennan: I think they're still stunned, yeah, so you can attack with
advantage.

Zac: Oh, whoops. So 14 plus whatever I get.

Brennan: Oh. You slaughter them. The Meatlanders are defeated.

[cast cheering]

Murph: Yes!

Zac: Yes. And that's my- I'm going to- Can I… Yeah, I guess I… Would the dogs
get an attack of opportunity on me if I-

Brennan: No, they would not.

Zac: Okay. And I ignore difficult terrain?

Brennan: Yeah, correct.

Zac: How far can I get up this path? Or I wanna like-

Brennan: Speed's 50, right?

Zac: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: So you took an attack, movement would be two of these squares.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Zac: I'll do that.

Brennan: Cool. You run. I'm actually gonna make two morale checks for these
dogs. One of the groups of dogs just flees as the Meatlanders die.

Zac: Is there another group of dogs?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: You just can't see it.

Murph: There were two.

Zac: Oh, oh.

Murph: And then you have archers, right?

Zac: Yeah, they're going on his turn, though.

Murph: Okay, got it.

Brennan: That's Cumulous, so that's your move, so you kill them, take your
move. Saccharina, it's you and Cinnamon.

Emily: Okay. Cinnamon's gonna fly down so that I get in position to Cone of
Cold those archers.

Brennan: The Vegetanian archers, cool.

Emily: So that's gonna be 8d8 cold damage. But that’s-

Siobhan: Isn't it higher 'cause they're wearing armor?

Emily: Hmm?

Siobhan: Cone of Cold, doesn't it do more damage if they're wearing metal
armor?

Brennan: I don't think so, no.

Emily: It doesn't say anything, no.

Zac: I think that's lightning stuff.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Murph: Do you need more d8s?

Emily: Yeah, I need more d8s.

Ally: I got a bunch of d8s.

Siobhan: But this is like mid-flight, so this isn't like him ending his move.

Brennan: No.

Murph: Do you need more? I got one.

Emily: Seven, eight, okay. Let’s see. So 14, 20, 30, 5, 36. 36 to a 60-foot
cone.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Brennan: I mean, that's fuckin' everybody. I'm gonna roll a Constitution
saving throw. If they… These guys have a plus 2.

Emily: They have to hit a 17.

Brennan: So they need a 15 or higher. We're gonna do Box of Doom. I mean, a
cone literally, a 60-foot cone is gonna hit every single one of them. So they
need to roll a 15 or higher. They need to roll a 15 or higher.

Emily: Would they all save?

Brennan: That's a 7.

[Emily laughs]

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Saccharina, you, astride Cinnamon, feel the rush of going over the
tower's edge. Tell me what happens to these archers.

Emily: So it's Cone of Cold, so they actually all just freeze there, and it's
frozen, just so that everyone looking on knows what's coming for them.

Brennan: All of- You guys see that entire u-

Emily: But they all freeze in like terrifying death postures.

Brennan: You guys see an entire unit of archers, an entire squadron of
Vegetanian archers, frozen in three layers of ice, just chocolate, vanilla,
strawberry. [Emily laughing] [gasping] You have, in one spell, wiped out a
unit from the board.

Ally: That's crazy.

Brennan: And then we're gonna- Cinnamon's gonna continue moving and land right
here [right behind Liam and Theo’s chariot]. And it's time to use-

Theo: Liam, we're in a really bad position, oh, this is good!

Brennan: Hold on. We are gonna be diligent about speed, 'cause 80 feet is not
that far.

Emily: But his speed is actually doubled, that's part of Haste.

Brennan: Oh, Jesus, are you serious?

Emily: Yeah. Says uh "until spell ends, target's speed is doubled."

Ally: So 160?

Brennan: Okay, so hold on. So his speed is 160, which is four, six… Like six
and a half inches. Okay, so he uses three, like two to get there, and then,
okay, so in one movement, he gets here. That's where he can get for one
movement.

Emily: Okay, then since he has Haste, he'll use it to do that.

Brennan: Do one action to get in position.

Emily: And then he's going to Fire Breath.

Brennan looks down for a moment, then puts a hand over his mouth.

[Ally gasps]

Emily: [laughing] I think I look at Theobald, and I say,

Saccharina: I fully trust you.

Theo: These are the right kind of people to fry!

Liam: You already trusted us, right? What do you mean? What are you talking
about?

Saccharina: Of course, my Master of Arrows. (whispering) Please don't
assassinate me.

Theo: We need to talk, Liam, there's-

Liam: I wouldn't ever assassinate the queen, that's so- What?

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage for me for his Fire Breath ability.

Ally: What does that do?

Emily: 16d6.

Ally: What?!

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Ally: No! No way!

Lou: You need more?

Ally: No way! I have a really pointy d8 that's hard to use.

Zac: Here's two more.

Emily: 10\. Oop. 12, 14, 16, okay.

Siobhan: Jesus. Everybody stand back.

Emily: This is “”Liam's first attack” level. Okay.

Ally: Hell yeah, my dice did well.

Emily: 11.

Zac: They always do.

Ally: They always do, brother.

[Siobhan laughing]

Emily: 33.

Siobhan: I shouldn't spit, I'm sick.

Emily: 34.

Ally: You barf on the dice.

Emily: 38, 39, 40, 45, 50, 57. 57 damage to a 30 foot cone. They have to make
a DC 17 Dexterity saving throw. On a failed save, they take half that.

Brennan: Okay. 30 foot, the most you can affect is half the unit. So they have
six, their size is six, and the DC is 17, these guys get, what is this,
Constitution or Dexterity.

Emily: Dex.

Brennan: Okay, so they only have a plus 1 to this.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: So on a 16 or higher, you still inflict one casualty, on a 15 or
lower, you inflict...

Emily: Wait, with the breath weapon, it’s only- I'd only inflict one casualty?

Brennan: If they make their save. If they fail their save, you're gonna cut
half this unit off. Right? 'Cause it's about the length of the breath weapon.
You can't hit the guys past 30 feet.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: So we're gonna roll, again, on a 16 or higher-

Emily: But they'd still take half damage.

Brennan: They'd still take half. [gets out the Box of Doom] So we’re gonna
roll, again on a 16 or higher, it's gonna be one casualty to that unit, on a
15 or lower, they are gonna take three casualties from that attack.

Emily: Three casualties. Only three?

Siobhan: What about Keradin? He's standing right there.

Brennan: Keradin is gonna get damage as an individual.

Siobhan: Okay.

Emily: Okay, great.

Brennan: That is a 6.

Ally: Yes!

Emily: Yeah!

Ally: Half of 'em are gone.

Brennan: These are the like armored paladins of the Bulbian Church. You watch
half of them like, throw up paladin spells and prayers. A vision of fire
spreads its wings, and the entire field of Dulcington is cast in a cinnamon-
red glow. For a moment, only the screams can be heard in the distant pitch of
battle surrounding this moment of pure silence, with a few timid wails.
[roaring] Half of the paladins lay dead, and the ones that survive stand just
past the edge of ground that is singed and burnt, that smells of burning
leaves and vegetables.

Siobhan: Delicious.

Ally: Delicious.

Emily: How is Keradin doing? Does he get affected? Does he take half or…

Brennan: Keradin is gonna roll- Keradin's gonna roll his own save.

Ally: Can I have those dice please?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: And that's Sir Keradin. Dexterity. He makes his Dex save, so what's
half of what you rolled, sorry?

Emily: Did I say 57?

Zac: Yeah.

Emily: He makes his Dex save?

Brennan: Makes his Dex save, so that’s-

Emily: Luck point.

Brennan: You're gonna make him reroll. He fails his Dex.

Ally: Oh! (claps)

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: We're gonna get another one of these out here. Hold on one second.

Emily: I'm assuming that won't kill him. I don't wanna like kill-

Ally: Please, no.

Emily: That won't kill him, right? I don't wanna kill him.

Brennan: No, he's got so many fuckin' hit points.

Emily: Cool, cool. I just wanna get him real weak.

Brennan: Hold on one second, though. We're gonna do it this way. Cheesus
Christ.

Ally: Awesome.

Brennan: This is the coolest shit in the world. [Emily laughing] This is the
coolest shit in the fuckin' world. And you guys are literally right here.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Murph: Yeah, we gotta jump out and kill that carrot.

Brennan: So you guys are over here, Theo you're right here, and Keradin
Deeproot is the only one within 30 feet that has survived this blast of dragon
fire.

Emily: Can I use some kind of like Intimidation check on these people who are
behind them? Just because I'm on a dragon who just breathed fire?

Brennan: Yeaah, I’m gonna say- Yeah, give me, I'm gonna say that it's a DC, on
a DC 20 Intimidate, you can make them make a morale check or suffer a
casualty.

Ally: Ooh, cool.

Emily: Intimidate. Would it be, what do I add to- Like should I use his
Intimidate or mine?

Brennan: You should use your Intimidation.

Emily: My Intimidation, okay. So what is it, 20?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Okay. I didn't get it.

Brennan: Cool. They are focused on the fight in front of them, and only turn
to just see this demonic fucking force. You- This paladin of the church, burnt
and his armor singed, stares up at a Witch Queen astride a candy dragon and
stares up into the jaws of death. That is- Okay, the archers, these fruit
archers are going to fire on the dragon.

[tense music]

Emily: My baby. Yes, we are in harm's way now. Remember he does still have 20
AC.

Brennan: Still has 20 AC, for sure. 1, 2, and a crit. 4 and a crit. Crit. Plus
6.

Siobhan: [singing] Da da da da da.

[Ally sneezes]

Murph: Bless you.

Brennan: 12, 16, 20, 31, 37 plus 6 is 43. Cinnamon takes 43 points of damage
as arrows fly from the walls.

Ally: How is he?

Emily: He’s- He'll be okay. We are gonna fly back to cover, though, next
chance we get.

Brennan: That's going to be… That's that unit. These dogs fuck right off. No
one's yelling orders at them.

Zac: See ya, dogs.

Brennan: See ya, dogs.

Ally: See ya, dogs.

Brennan: That is going to be the only ballistae that are left. That one has no
line of sight to the dragon. Neither does that one. That's going to be Liam.

Ally: I think we all know what I do.

[Brennan and Murph laughing]

Siobhan: Do a little dance?

Ally: I hop out of the carriage. [solemn music] I'm completely wrapped up in
being a war guy at this point. I cast Disguise Self on myself and I become
Keradin Deeproot. I point at him and I cast Hunter's Mark. Can I do that, or
is that two spells?

Brennan: The Disguise Self you get for free.

[Emily laughing]

Ally: I cast Disguise Self, I become him, and then I cast Hunter's Mark, and
then I run away and hide with my extra action.

Brennan: Oh.

Emily: Oh! Okay.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: All right, all right, okay.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Stealth check.

Ally: Gladly. [whistles] Well, it's okay. 20. Not nat.

Brennan: Okay. Yeah, I'm gonna say you rush off into the shadows and hide.
That is your turn. You have a unit, but they're not gonna- Your unit is gonna
move to just act on the Jawbreaker unit turn.

Ally: I'm fine with that, yeah. My archers?

Brennan: The archers, yeah. Theo, that's gonna be you.

Murph: Sweet. Do I get a sense that these guys that are right in front of me,
'cause I can probably see 'em pretty well, do they look like they're gonna
turn around and come after us, or are they marching forward?

Brennan: They just had the cavalry in front of them slaughtered. Give me an
Insight check.

Murph: Okay. 17.

Brennan: They may turn and charge the dragon.

Murph: Okay. I am going to maybe try to impose like disadvantage or something.
Can I like, just hit the meep on the ass, try to like freak it out, and send
it like running through their line?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a- I'm gonna say give me like a… This would actually
just be Animal Handling. So just give me an Animal Handling check. And
Princess can give you advantage on this.

Murph: Okay, I'm gonna have Princess help me with this one.

Ally: Just spank a meep?

Murph: Spank a meep.

Ally: Roll to spank this meep.

Lou: It's not- It’s an art, dude. To spank a meep.

Brennan: We'll call this DC 15.

Murph: Okay.

Ally: It's not about pain. You can do a dull thud, you can do a smack.

Murph: What is Animal Handling? Can I do Intimidation instead?

Brennan: Sure.

Murph: Okay. I'm being very mean to this meep.

Emily: An intimidating spank.

Brennan: Meep. This poor meep.

Murph: Yeah.

Theo: Gooey taught me this one!

Murph: Oh thank god, it was so close to 1.

Ally: Oh, it was so close, it was so close!

Brennan: Incredible.

Murph: That is, yeah, 17?

Brennan: You leap off the chariot, spank this thing across the ass Gooey
style, and-

Lou: Gooey style.

Brennan: Gooey style!

Siobhan: Oppa Gooey style.

Zac: Oppa Gooey style?

Brennan: Oppa Gooey style.

Ally: No!

Brennan: And the meep charges through and is gonna give them disadvantage on
their next roll.

Murph: Awesome. Can I still do an action, or was that my action?

Brennan: You can do a bonus action, or a movement, if you want to.

Murph: Hmm, could I do just a cantrip?

Brennan: Sure, you can do a cantrip.

Murph: Sweet, I'm gonna do Blade Ward on myself. Give myself resistance to
bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Done by weapon attacks.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Cool. So you’re like- You've leapt out here, they have
disadvantage. That is Theo's turn. And you can go ahead and move the Knights
of North-Gumbia. Where do you want them?

Murph: Oh, sweet. I think I'll have them come around to… Where would they go?
I guess they'll start moving forward a little bit and go in on these-

Brennan: Go in on these cavalry here? Cool.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and make their attack.

Murph: Come on, gang. Only 14.

Brennan: Okay, cling cling cling! They're going after the cavalry. That's
going to be… Bum bum bum.

Murph: And I guess I'll go up on Keradin Deeproot, make sure he doesn't do any
sheisty stuff.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Running towards the Queen or something.

Brennan: Amethar, that's you.

Lou: You know what to do, baby.

Ally: Oh that was me.

Lou: Does a 17 hit?

Brennan: Yes it does.

Lou: Great. Did he hurt me?

Brennan: He did hurt you.

Lou: Okay. [tense music] Reroll this 1, reroll this. Great. 6, 11, 14, 17,
plus 9.

Brennan: 26.

Lou: 26\. Great. We'll do it again. Bang, bang. 27. Nothing to reroll. 8 plus
10, 18, plus 9, 27.

Brennan: Amethar, what happens to Constano Grissini?

Lou: I kick him in his fucking chest, once he's on the fucking ground looking
at me, I say,

Amethar: You were good to my daughter. But you fight for the wrong side.

Lou: And I drive my blade deep into his chest.

Brennan: You feel the only thing stopping your blade is the fact that you
can't push your hilt through his ribs. [Grunting] Doughy, yeasty blood pours
out of Grissini's mouth. His troops wail. I'm gonna make a morale check for
them with disadvantage, watching this. They might just suffer a casualty
literally just from you destroying their commander. That is a 2.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You see that a good maybe 20% of his soldiers turn and flee.

Lou: And that's a death, right?

Brennan: That is a death, yes.

Lou: I get a bonus attack. [Brennan laughing] That I'll just use on one of the
guys who hit me last round.

Brennan: I'll let you use the bonus attack to give your troops advantage if
you want.

Lou: Great, I'd love that too.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an attack from Rocks.

Lou: Wow, a 2 and a 3.

Ally: This dragon will be out of here soon.

Brennan: You [grunts], Grissini's dead body is there on the ground. You guys
are very quickly working your way through the people that have wronged your
family. That is, let's do the rest of the House of Rocks.

Lou: Great. The archers will turn and fire on the Ceresians. Is that okay, if
they fire through ranks?

Brennan: Yeah, they absolutely can.

Lou: Great, so they'll fire on the Ceresians there. That's only a 13.

Brennan: That's a miss.

Lou: Come on, boys.

Brennan: Can- And then you have your ram right here.

Lou: The ram will I think fall in behind Liam's forces, just because I don't
want it out in the open.

Brennan: Gotcha, yeah yeah yeah. Cool it falls in right here. Great, that's
House Rocks.

Siobhan: There's these archers as well.

Brennan: Oh, and the archers as well.

Zac: I think they'll just move up. Can I just...

Brennan: Yeah, they can fall in. They can't get all the way, 'cause your guys
are faster than them, but they can get up there. Okay. That's going to be...
After that is Keradin Deeproot.

Siobhan: Shit.

Brennan: Steps up.

Murph: So I get an opportunity attack?

Brennan: Yes you do.

Emily: Yeah, fuck him up.

[Murph groaning]

Ally: Can Princess help you?

Murph: I don’t- No, not on an opportunity attack. 21?

Brennan: 21 hits.

Murph: Okay, I don't do a lot of damage, people, so don't get too excited.

[Ally laughs]

Lou: Damage is damage, baby.

Murph: I'm not like you guys. 7 damage.

Ally: Hey. It's a livin'.

[Emily and Ally laughing]

Lou: Is it 11?

Ally: It's a livin'.

Lou: Oh, I was really hoping it was 11.

Emily: It's 11.

Zac: It's a 7.

[cast laughing]

Brennan: Okay. Sometimes my cards are missing.

Ally: Honestly, I think I'm too young to know what that's even from.

Siobhan: I have no idea.

Ally: But I know it's something my parents would say.

Zac: It's "The Flintstones."

Ally: Oh.

Brennan: How much was that, 7?

Murph: 7 damage.

Brennan: 7 damage?

Siobhan: They still have "The Flintstones" in Alabama.

Ally: Yeah. [laughing] Zac...

Brennan: He moves past you, you get one good strike across his back, he
stumbles forward, he closes with the dragon. He's gonna make three attacks.

Emily: Would the dragon not- Wouldn't the dragon have like reach or something,
so he would-

Brennan: But he didn't- Unfortunately in 5e, he doesn't leave the threatened
area, which is the only thing that triggers the attack. He's going to use a
Second Wind to regain some hit points.

Lou: Mh! Wait, hold on, the bad guys can do stuff we can do?

Siobhan: Outrageous.

Zac: I thought he was a paladin.

Brennan: And his AC right now is 22, correct?

Emily: Yes. No, 20.

Brennan: 20.

Siobhan: Maybe he has some levels of fighter.

Brennan: Oh my god. [tense music] He walks up and says,

Keradin: Beast of the Hungry One, I see what is within you. Let the mace of
the faith… (gasps)

Brennan: And you see that he has a flash of seeing Liam's face as his own,
speaking in Bulbosi, swings, stumbles, misses, and collapses to the ground,
missing all three attacks. That's a 7, a 2, and a 1.

[Emily laughing]

Murph: Whoa.

Saccharina: Cinnamon, maybe just step on him.

[Brennan, Ally and Emily laughing]

Cinnamon gives a “shrug” kind of screech.

Brennan: That is Keradin. Vegetanian archers are statues. These guys, however,
the rest of the unit is going to close, I'm afraid. So these guys are gonna
close here. These guys are going to turn to face Theobald.

Zac: And they have disadvantage, right?

Murph: Yeah, 'cause the meep.

Lou: That damn meep.

Emily: They have disadvantage.

Murph: That freaked out meep.

Brennan: Freaked meep, dude.

Ally: Freaky meep.

Lou: [like “Freek-A-Leek”] Freak-a-meep. Keisha.

[Ally laughs]

Brennan: Oh my god. Okay.

Ally: Freak-a-meep. Monique.

Lou: Christina. Freak-a-meep. Oh, I'm just imagining a giant meep in a club.

Ally: Oh, yeah. That meep's ass in a thong? Wake up! That meep dancing?

Siobhan: Ah, that meep is thick as hell.

Lou: Dog, that meep is thick!

Ally: Soft. Covered in sugar.

Lou: Ooh.

Ally: Did I just discover a new kink in myself?

[Siobhan and Ally laughing]

Siobhan: You know what, sometimes you find a new kink. You never know.

Lou: Hey, will you dress as a meep for me?

Ally: Hey, will you dip your butt in sugar?

Zac: I kinda zoned out and then I came back to to that.

Ally: So, what do you think, babe? [laughing]

Lou: Also, babe, why do you keep disappearing when we're talking?

Ally: Oh no!

Brennan: Theo, you're at the edge, oh, you're over here. You get swarmed by
the entire infantry. I rolled 20 attacks against you, and not one of them hit.

Emily: Ah!

Ally: What's going on?

Murph: Good for me.

Brennan: This is- This is- Murph does 7 damage on an attack because instead of
doing that, he does this.

Ally: Oh, yeah.

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: So you literally hold- You are one man holding back an entire unit of
infantry. You watch Theobald square up, and now you've got Castle Candy to
your back, and you [grunting]. Just taking all of the fucking hits that you
can. However, these guys are gonna come up and attack Cinnamon. Okay, those
are some hits.

Ally: Cinnamon.

Lou: Can't stop thinking about freak-a-meep.

Ally: This is hard because my wiener dog's name is Cinnamon.

Brennan: Cinnamon takes another 12 points of damage as the unit of paladins
closes in on him. Spears start to gore the dragon. That is- And then these
guys are gonna take some attacks, and they're gonna get advantage on them.
That's a hit. That is not a hit. The Knights of North-Gumbia sustain another
casualty.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: Yeah, the cavalry flanks them and they start slaughtering the Knights
of North-Gumbia. That's going to be trebuchet.

Ally: Let's do it.

Emily: Oh, right, let's fuck 'em.

Murph: Yo, can we hit those archers?

Emily: Yeah, let's go for the archers, maybe.

Lou: 14 and a 17. 18.

Brennan: Oh, sorry.

Siobhan: Wait, plus 5. 14 plus 5 so 19.

Brennan: That hits, you're going for the ballista, right?

Siobhan: No, we're going for the archers on top of the gate.

Lou: The archers-

Brennan: Oh, the ones, are you trying to destroy the gatehouse?

Siobhan: The Ceresian archers.

Lou: I think it's more like aiming for the archers on top of the gate.

Brennan: Yeah, okay. You hit and inflict a casualty.

Lou: Great. Okay, great. Cool.

Zac: You have two more.

Lou: Let's go again.

Zac: Oh.

Lou: 13, plus 5, 18?

Brennan: That's another casualty.

Emily: Yes.

Lou: Great.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: 10\. That was the weirdest rolling I've ever done.

Brennan: You see the archers all up here, just trebuchet. [Grunting] As bread
is knocked apart by these cheese boulders. You hear the cries of the Dairy
Islanders behind you. That's going to be… Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: If I hide and then move, do I stop being hidden?

Brennan: No.

Siobhan: Great, so I would like to-

Brennan: You can also move and then hide, too.

Siobhan: Sure. But my ability to hide informs my choices.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Siobhan: So I'm gonna try and hide and then move.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: That's a nat 20.

Brennan: Yep, you're good.

Siobhan: So I would like to basically be in between these Rocks and gummy bear
guys, in there.

Brennan: Right here, as much as you can? Okay, that's gonna be hard 'cause of
these Vegetanians right there.

Siobhan: With my movement plus my dash. But I'm hidden, they can't see me.

Brennan: Oh, yeah. And actually, you know what, you have this like, rogue
guys, I will let you move through your own friendly unit here.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: On a nat 20, you can move through your own unit. Okay, so that's a
move and a dash. Yeah, your guys just appear through here and are now...

Siobhan: Great. But invisible to all of those bad guys.

Brennan: Yes, correct.

Siobhan: Great. Do I still have an action, or is that my whole-

Brennan: That's a dash and a bonus action dash. So you have an action.

Siobhan: Okay. Hmm. I guess then I'll attack the cavalry to the left of the-
The closest to you.

Brennan: These guys right here?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Murph: They're already a little hurt, I think.

Brennan: They're already a little hurt, go ahead and roll with advantage.

Siobhan: Oh, yeah, baby. That's 23.

Brennan: That is a casualty.

Ally: Does that bring them to morale checks?

Siobhan: And do I get stealth attack? 'Cause I'm hidden.

Brennan: You can't, because these things don't really have hit points, you're
not really adding your Sneak Attack to this.

Siobhan: Okay. I can't kill two of them at once?

Brennan: I will say, go ahead and give me a DC 20 Acrobatics check.

Siobhan: I make it.

Brennan: You inflict two casualties, and that means I'm going to roll a morale
check for their last one. These guys get a plus- They get a plus 6. They gotta
get a 9 or higher. That's a 19. You inflict two casualties, the last of the
cavalry are still there. You just appear out of the fuckin' night, slitting
throats, killing their Vegetanian steeds, moving through them. That's going to
be Jawbreaker. We zoom out as Grissini's dead, Jawbreaker's gonna rejoin his
forces here. Those Ceresians are flanked. Go ahead and give me an attack with
advantage against the Ceresian elite.

Lou: 14 plus whatever.

Brennan: That is a success. He's going to inflict a casualty, they're at half
health now. Jawbreaker infantry over here moves in. Go ahead and give me
another attack with advantage.

Emily: Ooh.

Lou: 15 plus whatever.

Brennan: That is another casualty. They make a morale check. They only get a
plus 4. That is a natural 8. They inflict another casualty. There are only a
few stragglers left in Grissini's forces. Jawbreaker, Jawbreaker, Jawbreaker
archers right here.

Ally: Oh yeah, can I roll for them?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and roll for them. Who do you want them to attack?

Ally: I think maybe that group that just has one left.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Do they get advantage on that?

Brennan: They get advantage, yeah.

Ally: Ooh. [the die clatters into a weird part of the set] Can I reroll?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Hey!

Zac: What a wild reroll.

Ally: Yeah.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: You watch- As Grissini dies, Amethar, you stand up like Excalibur,
pulling Payment Day from the soil of Candia. By the time you're done standing,
all of the Ceresian soldiers of that unit are dead. And standing on the top of
this hill is the most massive force of Candian soldiers that have fought in
front of Castle Candia in a generation. Jawbreaker cavalry can still go.

Siobhan: Oh. Then they go for this infantry right in front.

Brennan: Give it some flanking with Theo? Yeah. Right through here. Go ahead,
I'm gonna say Theo, give them an attack.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Roll plus 8 there.

Siobhan: With advantage, 'cause they're flanked.

Brennan: 'Cause they're flanked, yeah.

Murph: Sweet, that's a 23.

Brennan: 23 is a hit. Veg infantry, that's another casualty on them. That's
going to be… Yeah, you see, you as one man are providing flanking for an
entire unit of infantry. [grunts] As Jawbreaker, big horned sheep, [grunting].
Huge glowing candy axes slice through them. That's going to be Ceresians.
[tense music] These archers are gonna fall back, take shots right here. That
is a hit. Jawbreaker's unit suffers another casualty. And Jawbreaker's gonna
take some damage as well. Jawbreaker's not looking so… Joren is not looking
good. These guys are gonna come here as well, take an attack. That is a hit.
You see Joren stands up,

Joren: Come on, to the castle!

Brennan: And gets gored across the back by a Ceresian lance. He's still
standing, but he is looking very injured. Ceresian, Ceresian, Ceresian. These
Ceresian archers are going to fire at Cinnamon.

Zac: Did they not already fire?

Emily: Yeah, I thought they did.

Siobhan: No, we hit them.

Emily: I think there's lots.

Brennan: No, fruit archers.

Siobhan: There's a lot of archers.

Lou: [Wiggling his eyebrows] There’s… a lot… of archers.

Brennan: One, two… Three… Three hits. Four hits. All right. Wow, okay. 2, 3,
4… 9, 4 is 13, plus 9 is 22, plus 7. 29 points of damage to Cinnamon.

Murph: I'll take one of the hits with a reaction.

Emily: No, don't.

Murph: Well, I have- I take half- I should do it this turn, 'cause I take half
damage and a minus 3.

Emily: Okay. Okay.

Murph: I would like Cinnamon to stay at… So what was-

Brennan: Subtract 8 from that. So 21, and you take 4.

Murph: Minus 3.

Brennan: Minus 3, you take 1 point of damage.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Jump in the way.

Theo: It was worth it, my Queen.

Emily: Okay, so it's 21, you said?

Brennan: 21\. What's Cinnamon at right now?

Emily: Hold on. 88.

Brennan: Okay. That's going to be-

Zac: Honestly a lot more health than I thought he had.

Ally: Yeah, same.

Zac: I was like, oh, he's got like 10.

Murph: Yeah, but he's gonna get hit more.

Zac: Yeah, yeah, yeah, he's gonna...

Emily: He's going to get hit every round.

Brennan: Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: Cumulous, with my unit, do I ignore difficult terrain, because I do?

Brennan: Yes, you do.

Zac: I would love to just… I- With a dash I could go 100, bonus action-

Brennan: Which is four inches, yeah.

Zac: And see how close I can get. I would try to get here, if I could.

Brennan: You're just going straight to the fuckin' trees?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Hell yeah, hold on.

Zac: Can they jump like me?

Brennan: Yeah. [Emily laughing] You're crossing the river. That's just a-
That’s a move, wait, is that, yeah. So that's a move and a dash action. Any
bonus action stuff?

Zac: Bonus action dash?

Brennan: Yeah, you can do Step of the Wind, go for it.

Zac: Step of the Wind.

Brennan: Yeah, throw a ki point on there?

Lou: Throw a damn ki point on there.

Zac: And just get in the mix over here.

Brennan: Cool. Two inches means we're gonna clear this haystack. You guys just
plow through that haystack and stuff.

Lou: Oh, the mysterious haystack.

Siobhan: What’s in there?

Brennan: So this is as far as you can get right now.

Ally: Can we investigate that haystack?

Siobhan: It moved on its own, it's weird. Must be magic.

Brennan: That's gonna be Saccharina and Cinnamon.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Nat 1.

Lou: On the Investigation check?

Ally: Haystack is my dad.

Emily: Okay.

Lou: Stacky stock.

Emily: I am going to, as much as I want to spitefully, you know what, they're
so many people I spitefully wanna hit. So I'm just going to, Cinnamon's
actually gonna take a disengage. Can I do Cone of Cold on this without hitting
any allies?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Okay. Cinnamon's gonna take a disengage for his action.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: And then I'm gonna Cone of Cold these people.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Wouldn't he also get an attack still, 'cause he has two actions,
'cause he has-

Emily: Yeah, yeah, and then, but I think we're gonna retreat.

Murph: If you go on Cumulous's side, you won't get shot as many times.

Emily: Hmm?

Murph: Oh, I thought you were going over there. I'm confused.

Emily: No, I'm just coming here to do a Cone of Cold.

Brennan: Cool. Cinnamon is, oop, sorry, oh Liam.

Brennan moves Cinnamon’s mini, knocking over Liam in the process.

Lou: Liam.

Ally: Liam. Liam's hidden. I can put Liam over here.

Brennan: Yeah, hold on. Okay. So I'm actually going to- That can stay there,
and I'm gonna get a little stand. 'Cause the way that you can have Cone of
Cold not hit anybody, I think, is to be slightly airborne.

Emily: Okay, yeah.

Brennan: Mm-hmm. You are up here. Go ahead and hit 'em with the Cone of Cold.

Emily: All right.

Lou: You need those eights, or those sixes?

Emily: Yeah, eights. I got one, two, three, four, five, six, seven eight.
Okay, I'm good.

Lou: That's mine.

Siobhan: Real mixed messages from my dice.

Lou: It's better with you. You might need it. You're a better dad.

[Zac laughs]

Emily: 17 plus 12. 29!

Brennan: Whew, okay. How much, it's 60 feet?

Emily: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: Bye-bye.

Murph: Whoa.

Brennan: Okay. This- And it's Constitution, right?

Emily: It is, I believe it's Dex.

Brennan: I think it's Constitution. Plus 2.

Emily: Cone of Cold, Constitution saving throw, yeah.

Brennan: These guys need to hit a 15 or higher on the die to only take four
casualties.

[tense music]

Murph: Whoa! [laughs]

Siobhan: Bye-bye.

Murph: What'd you roll?

Brennan: That's a natural 5.

Emily: Yes!

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Theo, as you face the entire Vegetanian infantry, you hear the
beating of wings. Saccharina, what do you say as your eyes glow with brilliant
ice cream light?

Emily: [laughing] Oh god.

Saccharina: Ice to meet you.

[cast laughs]

Brennan: Probably fif- You know, near 100 Vegetanian soldiers are frozen and
killed in an instant as terrible Candian magics do their work, frozen solidly
in place.

Emily: And my baby still has an action, Cinnamon still has an action, so I
wanna use like double speed to get back to the safety of here.

Brennan: So he can go a full 160, which is-

Emily: Well, if his speed is double, can't he do a dash? He can do a dash.

Brennan: He already moved a little bit to get there, to get in position.

Emily: Then yeah, then I guess he is just moving.

Brennan: So he has six inches. So he can get to about there.

Emily: He can get to about there? Okay, I think what he's gonna do is he's
gonna go low.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: So that, to get cover from this.

Brennan: From the ballistas? So the archers may still be able to hit him, but
the ballistas will not.

Emily: Yeah. Yeah.

Brennan: Okay. Oh no. Okay. Gotta get a little blue tack here. Ooh, there's a
lot going on. Cool. He gets right about here. Awesome. That is- The archers
will be able to fire on him.

Emily: I know. But I'd rather them than the ballistas.

Brennan: Yeah, that makes sense. Okay, can these guys get him? No, so the
fruit don't have line of sight.

[tense music as Brennan rolls several times]

Emily: Oh, and also, can I roll to recharge his breath weapon?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a roll, 5 or 6.

Murph and Emily: Yes!

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: What'd you get?

Emily: 6.

Brennan: In the middle of Jawbreaker's units, Joren Jawbreaker looks at you
and says,

Joren: To the castle!

Brennan: [grunts] An arrow goes through his throat and Joren falls to the
ground.

Ally: Fuck.

Siobhan: Fuck.

[tense music]

Brennan: About half of his infantry has been killed, his units have sustained
some heavy casualties, and the Fructeran archers from the wall open fire on
him. That is going to be the ballista that- these guys are gonna go. This
ballista over here. Can't hit anything. Joren's unit is looking very bad, and
he falls, incapacitated. That's gonna go to the top, Liam, that's you.

Ally: Okay.

Zac: You got the carrot, right?

Ally: Yeah. I'm hidden right now, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: So I'm just gonna attack from far away to attack that frozen infantry.

Brennan: They're dead. They're solid blocks of ice.

Ally: Oh. Oh, okay, cool.

Siobhan: Kill the carrot!

Murph: The carrot is gonna kill me.

Siobhan: Fuckin' kill the carrot.

Murph: I can't do damage.

Ally: Oh, right.

Emily: Oh, I didn't think I was leaving you there with the carrot.

Murph: Oh yeah.

Ally: All right, great.

Murph: No, it's fine.

Ally: Then I'm going to appear, you know, like in a surprise and attack the
carrot.

Brennan: Yeah, you have advantage, go for it.

Ally: I would like to crit. Oh, come on! That's 18?

Brennan: 18 does not hit.

Ally: Oh, dang. Okay, cool.

Zac: You've got Hunter's Mark, right?

Siobhan: You've got Hunter's Mark, yeah.

Brennan: You have Hunter's Mark, but you still don't hit. Roll your second
attack.

Murph: Jesus.

Ally: Hey, 21.

Brennan: 21 hits.

Ally: Okay, cool. So I am going to cast Hail of Thorns again.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: So that is this, so that's 3d10, 2d6. The 2d6 are the sneak attack, 2d10
Hail for Thorns, 1d10 my normal ranged.

Brennan: Perfect, yeah.

Emily: Did you feel betrayed by, I was trying to get-

Murph: Oh, no no no, I'm good, I just need Liam to help me with the carrot.

Ally: [whistles] All right. 10, 19, 23 Plus, 27.

Brennan: You fire an arrow deep into his armor and he screams out and says,

Keradin: Bulb! Bulb above, guide my mace!

Brennan: He's lookin' scared.

Lou: Scurred.

Brennan: Scurred.

Ally: And then I'm going to just use a Cunning Action, like bonus action, to
like hide again.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it. Give me a Stealth check.

Ally: Yeah. 21

Brennan: 21? Okay. That's going to be Theo.

Murph: Sweet. I'm going to use… Once again, cantrip Blade Ward, give myself
resistance to bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing, then I'm going to use War
Magic to do a bonus action attack on Keradin.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it.

Murph: And I have Princess's help. That is a 21.

Brennan: That hits.

Murph: Sweet. That's a big 10 damage.

Ally: Hey!

Brennan: Hey. Yeah, you square up, clank! As the people that you were holding
off, an entire unit of people, turn around, knight versus knight, Sir Theo
versus Sir Keradin. [Grunting] The Battlepop strikes him across his carrot
head, and you engage in mortal combat. Give me- What are the Knights of North-
Gumbia up to?

Murph: Ooh. Okay, so they're, ooh, so we got frozen guys up there. I think the
Knights of North Gumbia-

Siobhan: This cavalry only has one left. The one that's-

Brennan: Well, that one has only one left.

Murph: Okay, let's go after the one with one.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Murph: I think they haven't hit yet.

Brennan: They can actually move into position on the other side and get
flanking.

Murph: Oh, great, okay. Let's try some new dice. Oh. um 22 to hit.

Brennan: The Knights of North Gumbia, seeing their champion, strike Sir
Keradin and go, you see the one guy says,

Lime Gummy Knight: All right, look here, you bears. I've had enough of this
fiddle-faddle, let's get down to the work of the thing. Charge!

Brennan: [boinging gummy bear running noises] And this dumbass piece of kale
gets fuckin' merked by 20 gummy bears. Destroyed.

Theo: Hell yes, Limey, get rid of that fiddle-faddle!

Lime Gummy Knight: Enough!

Theo: Like I know you do.

Lime Gummy Knight: Enough of the fiddle-faddle, sir.

Theo: They hate us 'cause they ain't us!

Lime Gummy Knight: They hate us [pulls his sword] 'cause they ain't us!

Brennan: That is the Knights of North-Gumbia. That is going to be… Bum ba ba.
Amethar, that's you.

Lou: Great, we'll push on the cavalry there.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: All right.

Lou: [hums] 13 plus whatever.

Brennan: 13 plus whatever. Go ahead and roll advantage.

Lou: Oh, great.

Lou: [hums] 13 plus whatever.

Brennan: 13 plus 4, 17, that does not hit. Go ahead with the rest of your
troops.

Lou: Yeah, these guys'll push up behind us.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Also advantage still?

Brennan: Yes, correct.

Lou: Alright. 19 plus…

Brennan: That is a casualty on the Ceresian, ba ba.

Zac: Can these archers move up as far as they can?

Emily: Oh yeah.

Murph: Oh yeah.

[Murph laughs]

Theo: Come on, guys!

Cumulous: They are slow as fuck.

Brennan: Oh, you already moved it, cool. Yeah, wait up! Cool. They inflict-

Siobhan: Can they hit anybody with disadvantage?

Zac: That might be their full dash.

Siobhan: Oh, right.

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: Your archers inflict a casualty on the archers there. Rocks, Rocks,
Rocks. As the ram is good where it's at?

Ally: Let's move it up.

Lou: Yeah. I mean, yeah, as much as it can.

Ally: Can we move it through our people to the-

Brennan: Yeah, you can move it like through here. Cool. That's going to be,
that's Rocks. That's going to be Keradin and the Vegetanians. To the degree
that they are even still there.

Ally: Fuck, sorry Theo.

Murph: Oh, it's fine.

Brennan: Vegetanians there. Those are all dead and frozen. Cavalry. Cavalry,
what are they gonna do? Cavalry's gonna go here for the other- For this
infantry unit. They hit by quite a bit.

Siobhan: The one with the good butt.

Lou: He's back.

Siobhan: This one's a real flat-ass, this one.

Brennan: Ruby, you take 31 points of damage.

Siobhan: Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: You take 15 points of damage.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: As the cavalry, [grunts] start to cut through. How many is Ruby at?

Siobhan: I'm at 55.

Brennan: Cavalry rush through. That's gonna be these… Two...

Murph: I'm gonna cast- Are these guys attacking me?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: And they hit?

Brennan: They hit.

Murph: I'm gonna cast Shield.

Brennan: [laughs] Shield goes up. [Emily laughing] Well, nobody fuckin' hits,
Murph, I don't know what you want me to say. 21, 26. Well Keradin can still
hit.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Two 5s and a 4, he fuckin' doesn't, though.

Multiple: Wow!

Brennan: You are just standing in the middle, all the paladins of the Bulbian
Church surround you.

Theo: This is what I do, I could do this all day. [metal clanging]

Murph: Just so sweaty and...

Brennan: You're just swallowing hits.

Murph: Swinging so slowly back at them. Like Mr. Burns boxing, just like
barely hitting them.

Zac: One of those old man fights?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Incredible. These guys are gonna go up here. These guys, yeah, these
guys are actually going to be in this tower. These guys are going to fire down
at Cinnamon.

Ally: Cinnamon!

Lou: Shinnamon.

[ominous music]

Brennan: [sighs] Okay. One. Two, three… Five… Plus 8, 5, 11, 19 plus 8. 27
damage to Cinnamon from crossbow archers firing down on him. What is Cinnamon
at right now?

Emily: Cinnamon is at 61.

Brennan: That's the trebuchet.

Lou: Great.

Ally: Come on.

Lou: 4\. What is it, plus-

Brennan: Plus 5.

Lou: 15?

Brennan: 15 hits.

Lou: Great, we'll go for the archers on top of the gatehouse.

Brennan: Yep.

Lou: And then 15 again.

Murph: Nice.

Emily: Beautiful.

Brennan: They make a morale check. They fail.

Ally: Yes!

[crowd cheering]

Brennan: Two more casualties. They are one away from death, they're almost
gone.

Murph: Hell yes.

Emily: Don't we have another trebuchet?

Lou: No, it's all three.

Brennan: That's going to be- You guys can feel, as the hill swarms with
Candians, Joren falls, there's chaos, you are losing a lot of people, but you
feel the momentum of the push behind you heading towards the castle. That's
going to be Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: How many of these cavalry are left, these Vegetanian cavalry?

Brennan: Those cavalry have been… The other one got swallowed. These ones I
think are uninjured. I think these ones are fresh.

Siobhan: Okay. Hmm. What I would like to do is disengage, hide, move.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Towards the castle.

Brennan: Gotcha. Yep.

Siobhan: Or actually, I'll hide first, just to make sure that I can.

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Stealth check.

Siobhan: Ooh, that is a nat 1.

Brennan: Okay, you do not hide.

Siobhan: Can I use my second action to hide, then?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: That I do, that's a 20. And then I'll-

Brennan: So you can fall in basically behind the Knights of North Gumbia here.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Cool. Fall in, heading for the castle. That's going to be Jawbreaker.

Amethar: For your King! Fight for your King!

Brennan: Gonna roll a death save for Joren Jawbreaker. [tense music] That's a
4, that's a failure.

[cast sighing]

Ally: Fuck!

Zac: Could his troops give a Medicine check? About 40 Medicine checks in
there?

Brennan: Okay, what are we having these guys do here?

Lou: Archers.

Brennan: Archers?

Lou: Actually, yeah, no, they're the weakest, right?

Brennan: Yeah, they're the weakest.

Lou: Cavalry.

Brennan: Cavalry, okay. Go ahead and give me a roll, they are flanking, so you
get advantage.

Lou: Oh, 15 plus whatever.

Brennan: That's a hit.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: That is a casualty. Or sorry, oh, they've already sustained a
casualty, hold on.

Zac: So they're at two?

Brennan: That’s- Yeah, they had two. Go ahead and, okay, that's the infantry
there. And these guys can actually even-

Lou: Can they, yeah.

Brennan: Move here, and these guys can step in to attack as well.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: 16 plus whatever.

Brennan: That is another casualty, they have to make a morale check. That's a
natural 2. This cavalry is wiped off of the battlefield. [crowd cheering] You
see that Joren is like attended to, people rush to Joren's side, and his
troops go,

Jawbreaker Troops: For Jawbreaker!

Brennan: And just slaughter through the Ceresian cavalry. That's going to be
Jawbreaker, that's both the infantry. Jawbreaker crossbow right here can- Go
for it.

Ally: Hell yeah. We're gonna go for that cavalry.

Brennan: 'Cause that's just a straight attack, no advantage here.

Ally: Oh, okay. Ah, 8, so 13.

Brennan: Ping-ping-ping, off of the armor. That's going to be, that's
Jawbreaker infantry. And then this Jawbreaker cavalry right here.

Siobhan: Also going for the cavalry.

Brennan: Cool, yeah.

Siobhan: Aren't those guys left?

Brennan: That's right. Go ahead and I'll say Liam, go ahead and give me a roll
for that cavalry.

Ally: Just flat?

Brennan: Flat.

Ally: Mm, 15.

Brennan: 19 is a hit, that is-

Ally: Oh, 15.

Brennan: Oh, no, cavalry's plus 8.

Ally: Oh, hell yeah, 19.

Brennan: So that's Veg cavalry. Their first casualty. That's going to move to
be Ceresians.

Ally: Is Ciabatta dead?

Lou: Haven't seen him.

Siobhan: No, no, no.

Lou: [singing] No, no, no

Ally: Are they running away?

Siobhan: They're archers, they wanna move to-

Brennan: They get the fuck outta there. Other Ceresians, other Ceresians.
These guys right here are going to fire at Cinnamon.

Zac: That's the group that only has one left.

Brennan: Yeah. They don't have too much left.

[tense music]

Brennan: [sighs] One. Two, and a three, and a crit. So 5d8 plus 8. 11, 11 is
22, 27 plus 8 is 35 damage to Cinnamon. Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: Okay, Cumulous is going to… Can he jump to here? His squad?

Brennan: Just fuckin' run? Oh.

Siobhan: He has a 60 jump.

Zac: With a- With his Step of the Wind.

Brennan: Ooh, Step of the Wind. So your movement's 50, which is two inches.
Another move, that's four, so you can move six, with Step of the Wind, you can
move a full six inches, with no difficult terrain. So you can absolutely move
through-

Zac: Oh. Does that use my attack, though?

Brennan: That would use your attack, yeah. So you can go four inches and keep
your attack.

Zac: If I can go, is it four inches to here? Or is that further?

Brennan: That's four inches, yeah.

Zac: Okay, so if I get right here, can I flank these dudes?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: This whole squad's gonna fly across.

Brennan: Yeah. This is not even here anymore. Yeah, 'cause this ran away, and
Liam's off somewhere else. I'll just hold you right over here. So, yeah. I'm
gonna say that your unit closes with the rest of these Bulbians, and Cumulous,
you fuckin' appear right next to Theobald. Bam.

Theo: It's good to see you.

Cumulous: Hello.

Brennan: [laughs] Go ahead and- Are you de-coupling from your unit, or are you
staying with your unit?

Zac: Well, I was thinking that a whole unit could, I mean, hmm.

Brennan: 'Cause you can attack Keradin personally, and then your unit can
attack, or your unit can like use your stats if you wanna stay with your unit.

Zac: I wanna stay with my unit, kind of, just because of-

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Zac: Shenanigansy thing.

Brennan: Yeah, yeah, yeah, go for it.

Zac: And then, am I flanking that fight? Or is there anyone in there?

Brennan: I'm gonna say no one's flanking, 'cause it's just, yeah.

Zac: Okay. So I'm just taking a regular attack.

Brennan: Taking a regular attack against them.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: Oh, damn.

Zac: Plus whatever.

Brennan: So that's gonna be, these are the church people, right?

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: And I said half of them were gone?

Zac: Yeah.

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: So that's one, two, three, they're gonna roll a morale check. Which
they fail.

Murph: Yo.

Brennan: There's only stragglers left, I'm gonna say this guy fuckin' dies.
That, yeah. You, Saccharina, you see behind you your marauders and the Order
of the Spinning Star, [grunts]. You see Swifty leap up and wrap his legs
around a paladin's throat, and just take two daggers and go like,

Swifty: La la la la!

Brennan: Stabbing his fuckin' eyes out. Gooey splits someone like crotch to
neck through the front. [Grunts] And Cumulous, you were-

Zac: As a group attack, yeah.

Brennan: As a group attack, cool. Awesome. You actually can- Unless you're
gonna use stunning or give them advantage or whatever, you can also decouple
this turn and get your own attacks, if you want.

Zac: I would like to stay with them just for a different reason.

Brennan: Cool. Cool, you got it. That's gonna be Saccharina.

Emily: Okay. I am going to do a fifth level Cure Wounds on my baby.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Two. Three. Four.

Siobhan: There's one here.

Emily: Cinnamon! That's pretty good. Okay, I'll stay with that. 14, 28, 29, 30
plus my spellcaster-

Murph: Plus 5, probably. What's your Wisdom?

Emily: 39.

Brennan: 39, hell yeah. You powerfully heal Cinnamon.

Emily: Okay. So 39. I still don't like where that leaves us. And then
Cinnamon's gonna take his move to go into that.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: And attack that ballista.

Brennan: Go for it.

Saccharina: All right, baby, feelin' better? Let's go for this.

Emily: Does a 16 hit?

Brennan: Yes it does.

Emily: Yeah baby!

Zac: That one's already been fucked up, right?

Brennan: Oh, actually this one's on death's door, it's done, it's toast.

Emily: Sweet!

Brennan: Yeah. And Cinnamon crouches down in the tower there.

Emily: And then I guess, you know what? With Haste, he's gonna come into here,
where he has-

Brennan: Even more protection?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Just leaps in, smashes that ballista, and leaps up into the taller
tower. That's Saccharina and Cinnamon. These Fructeran archers are gonna fire
on the Jawbreaker units. That is a hit. [tense music] They make their morale
save. That's going to be, with the ballista, they're gonna fire on the
Jawbreaker units. That's a hit. The ballista and arrows slaughter this unit.

Emily: Wait, that was-

Brennan: That was Jawbreaker.

Murph: That was Joren’s unit.

Emily: Oh, god dammit, I thought that was Fructeran.

Brennan: That's going to be Liam.

Ally: I appear again behind Keradin Deeproot. I say-

[Emily laughing]

Murph: And for a brief second, Theo thinks there's two Keradins.

Theo: Oh no!

Ally: I say,

Liam: [low, raspy voice] You are a pawn. You only see control and fear. You
follow the Pontifex. You are not ordained. Everything you believe is fake!

Ally: And I hold up my bow, and I attack with advantage.

Murph: Nice!

Ally: And I get a 27 to hit.

Brennan: That is a hit.

Ally: And then I- Okay, so that'll be sneak attack. My normal attack, I'm
gonna cast Hail of Thorns again.

Murph: Hunter's Mark.

Ally: And I'm gonna do, oh, and Hunter's Mark.

Brennan: Do you have more second-level spells left or no?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, great.

Ally: And then this is my second attack, which I'll do Bursting Arrow on.

Brennan: Oh, you've already used Bursting Arrow, so you can't use it again.

Ally: Oh, you only use it once?

Brennan: Only use it once.

Siobhan: Per short rest.

Ally: Good to know. Okay. That's a 21 to hit.

Brennan: 21 hits.

Ally: Okay, cool. So then that's just a normal-

Brennan: D10.

Ally: Yes, d10. Right?

Brennan: Yep.

Murph: Does Hunter's Mark go every time, or just once?

Brennan: Oh, it goes every time, so one more d6. So go ahead and roll that
plus 12.

Ally: 10.

Brennan: Or plus 14.

Ally: 18… Let's see. 26, 29, 30, 42 plus 12 you said?

Brennan: 42 plus 14.

Ally: 42 plus 14, cool. 46, 56.

Brennan: Not even seeing you, but just hearing your words, you hear Keradin
say,

Keradin: [gasps] No, no, no, it's not true. I'm scared.

Brennan: [mimics being shot through] Ignominiously having lived a life of
lies.

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: You feel, as you swore you would feel, the deep, primal satisfaction.
After all is said and done, you know what you are.

Ally: I… Can I use a bonus action to hide again, but can I do so with his
body?

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: Are you going to eat that carrot?

Ally: I grab his body and I hide.

Brennan: Give me a Stealth check.

Emily: [laughing] Just hiding with a body.

Ally: Let's see, that's plus 12, 19?

Lou: I don’t like wherever this is going.

Brennan: 19\. Yeah, Keradin Deeproot picks his dead body up and walks away.

Zac: I feel like Cumulous—

Brennan: Cumulous is a creepy dude.

Cumulous: Wow.

Murph: There's two Keradins.

[Brennan laughing]

Emily: Wait- Does Theo think that the real Keradin won or lost?

Murph: I saw Liam turn into Keradin, so I know what's going on, but I do like
double-check every once in a while to make sure that's not the real Keradin.

Zac: Do they make a morale check?

Brennan: Oh, yeah, 100%. Let's do that-

Emily: Aren't there only half of them left?

Brennan: Let's do that disadvantage. Oh, there's less than half left of these,
yeah. These Vegetanian guys.

[tense music]

Emily: Because they got breath weaponed.

Brennan: They do make their morale check, they do not flee. Yeah, they make
it. That's going to be… Theo, or yeah, Theo, that's you.

Murph: All right. All right, let's go ahead and do Green Flame Blade.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Murph: Make an attack with-

Brennan: And you're just attacking this unit?

Murph: It's just this one dude, right?

Brennan: Yes, that's correct.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Wasn't he part of- Wasn’t he part of-

Murph: Oh, there's two dudes, I guess.

Brennan: You know what I'll let you do right now? If you wanna just roll with
advantage, I will just let you roll as a one-man unit on this unit, if you
would like to.

Murph: Sweet. An absolute unit?

Siobhan: Absolute unit.

Lou: One-man unit.

Murph: Hell yeah. 26.

Brennan: They make a morale. It's a natural 5. As Keradin gets iced and the
remaining unburned paladins are there, Theo, you put the battle pop up through
this guy's head and start to wade through, bam, crack, pow! These paladins are
rent asunder, this unit is off the fuckin' board.

Emily: So that's Cumulous's people, they're frozen. This is our people, right?
Our people?

Murph: We go for that gate.

Ally: Yes, let's do it, we got the battering ram.

Brennan: Theo, that's you, what are the Knights of North-Gumbia doing?

Murph: They are going to, you know what? They'll get into position to… They're
going to wait for the- They're gonna wait for the battering ram.

Brennan: Cool. They're gonna wait for the battering ram?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: And then they'll start charging forward.

Brennan: Hell yeah. They start to move up to the gate. Battering ram's gonna
come up after them. That's gonna be... Rum bum bum.

Siobhan: These Vegetanian cavalry can… They're probably pretty scared, right?
They're the last ones?

Zac: Did these guys move?

Siobhan: They did, it was such a long time ago, they did.

Zac: Maybe they're about to move?

[Emily laughing]

Siobhan: Every round is so long.

Brennan: Amethar, that's you.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: Now they move.

Lou: Can I leave my group to join this group, telling this group,

Amethar: Go, with Ruby!

Lou: And then I'm gonna take this group, grab Joren, and move on the archers.

Brennan: Hell yeah. This group closes with the archers. Go ahead and roll
attack.

Lou: Great. Can we attack recklessly?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Lou: We're dumb like that. Well, wasn't worth it. 7 plus-

Brennan: Gotcha. You close and start attacking the archers. And then that's
gonna be the rest of Rocks' units. Your archers move up the hill more.

Lou: Yeah, they'll also attack.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an attack roll for them.

Lou: 10 plus 4 or 5?

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: Great.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: So that's the Ceresian archers. Those guys right there. One casualty
on them. That is- Any other Rocks here?

Zac: Those guys.

Siobhan: Did these archers move?

Brennan: Yeah.

Cumulous: Hurry up, you idiots.

Siobhan: So slow.

Brennan: We're comin'!

Emily: [laughing] They stopped and got lunch.

Zac: It's a beautiful little town.

Ally: Oh, there's one Rocks maybe. Oh, sorry, that's Jawbreaker.

Siobhan: That's Jawbreaker.

Brennan: These guys are going to disengage and sprint this way.

Siobhan: Bye-bye.

Brennan: Bye-bye.

Ally: Interesting.

Zac: Are they going for the cheese?

Murph: They're leaving.

Lou: They might go for the trebuchet.

Brennan: That's going to be trebuchet.

Lou: Great.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: We'll go for that last-

Murph: The archers.

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: Isn't there one more ballista?

Lou: 18?

Zac: 18 and a 20, dude.

Brennan: Ooh. That's the last fuckin' one.

Emily: Woo!

Brennan: Not only that, but this gatehouse comes crumbling down.

Ally: Oh, yeah.

Lou: Then they'll now go for the Fructeran archers.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Nope.

Zac: You have one more, right?

Lou: Yeah. And a 9 plus 5?

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: They suffer a casualty. They're at half. That's going to be-

Siobhan: If they're at half, don't they roll for-

Brennan: Well, now they- Now they're gonna start rolling for morale checks.
That's the trebuchet. Ruby, that's you.

Siobhan: So I'm hidden, do I have to roll to hide again, or can I use-

Brennan: You're still hidden.

Siobhan: Great, so I would like to do movement, two dashes to get to the wall
underneath the Fructeran soldiers.

Brennan: Okay. That's gonna be, so that's what-

Siobhan: So that's 105.

Brennan: Jesus. You close.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You're under the wall.

Siobhan: I'll just hang out there.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Chillin'.

Siobhan: I'm chillin'. Invisible.

Brennan: That's Jawbreaker, we're gonna make another death save for Joren.

Zac: Can we give him help in anyway, if you're in his group?

Brennan: If you wanna give me a Medicine check, yeah.

Zac: 12 plus what?

Lou: Your medicine?

Brennan: DC 15.

Lou: Plus 1.

Brennan: Plus 1.

Ally: If I'm his son, do I have any sense of like his spirit?

Brennan: You don’t have-

Zac: You're dressed as a carrot man walking away.

Brennan: 13, that's a success.

Zac: Holding a dead carrot.

Siobhan: He would want you to eat that carrot, instead of saving him.

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: Don't save me, fuck the carrot up. That's going to be the… You've
taken Jawbreaker's men there. These, what do we want these Jawbreaker cavalry
to do?

Murph: Can they move the battering ram up?

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Brennan: Sure, they can come up behind it.

Zac: We kinda don't need it anymore, do we?

Brennan: There's another gate.

Murph: There's a wall there, yeah.

Brennan: There's an inner wall. Cool. These guys can get up here. If you wanna
give them another shot at these archers.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Lou: 15 plus whatever.

Murph: Youch.

Brennan: That's gonna do it. That's going to be… Any there any other
Jawbreakers? That is… [sighs]

[tense music]

Brennan: Ceresians.

Zac: How many Ceresians are left?

Brennan: The last Ceresian force musters, appears at the front of the wall
with Imperator Ciabatta.

Ally: Here we go.

Brennan: They're going to attack this unit of infantry right here.

Siobhan: What, me? No, I'm invisible.

Brennan: Oh, they make a Perception check. They don't see you with Perception
check, so they go there and take a dodge action.

Ally: Wait, you're back there, right?

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm hidden.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Murph: No, Ruby's up against the wall.

Brennan: Any other Ceresians out here? All my little guys are dead. It's gonna
be-

Lou: The archers?

Brennan: No, the Ceresian archers are all gone. Oh, these archers, yes yes
yes, good point.

Lou: If they're attacking us, they have advantage.

Brennan: They do, yeah.

Emily: Can you use that again or just once?

Murph: I think it just adds like 2 AC or something.

Brennan: Jawbreaker.

Ally: Can I see Shield if you have the card real quick?

Brennan: Deliver a casualty, and Amethar, you take… 11, 13, 22, 29, 34 halved
to 17 points of damage.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: That is going to be Cumulous.

Zac: Okay. Changes things a little bit that they're there. I think Cumulous-
Can I- With Step of the Wind, could I get here?

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: Yeah, 100%, from where you are, yes.

Zac: With my group?

Brennan: [incredulously] With your group?

Zac: 'Cause I can also… I can- I have Unarmored Movement, so I can go up-

Brennan: I'm gonna say your group cannot jump 40 feet in the air.

Zac: Okay. I have a pretty cool staff, but-

Brennan: Actually, you know what? Give me a DC 20 Acrobatics check.

Zac: 19 plus whatever. 28?

[Emily laughing]

Ally: "Plus whatever," is gonna be so funny.

Brennan: Burn the fucking ki point, burn the fucking ki point.

[Emily laughing]

Siobhan: Ooh, I love to make Brennan mad.

Brennan: Okay. So that's 50 is the movement, with the Step of the Wind that's
100, that gets you to the top of the wall here.

Zac: Okay, and I'm out of-

Brennan: You have one action.

Zac: Okay, I'll attack these archers right in front of me.

Brennan: Go ahead and attack.

Lou: The idea of just watching-

Siobhan: Oh, those ones already got fucked up by a Lightning Bolt.

Brennan: Yes, they did, you're absolutely right, they did, yes yes yes.

Lou: So crazy to watch just an army of monks fly into the air.

Zac: 16 plus whatever my group's attack.

Lou: Straight "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon" shit.

Brennan: On a natural 2, you watch as Saccharina's marauders, following the
Order's lead, the Order throw spinning ropes of cotton candy light and
Cumulous, you are suspended in air, you land and slaughter the Fructeran
archers, they are removed from the battlefield.

Emily: Yeah! [clapping]

Zac: That's all of them? Oh.

Brennan: They were already, half of them were dead with a fuckin' Lightning
Bolt.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: They are gone.

Zac: Hell yeah.

Ally: You have- Saccharina's marauders and the Order of the Spinning Star have
taken the ramparts. That is going to be… You guys just see Cumulous as a swirl
of his spinning staff, dancing along the ramparts. That's going to be
Saccharina and Cinnamon.

Emily: Okay. Can I get from here to here with Cinnamon's movement?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Emily: Okay. So we're gonna fly down-

Brennan: So that's 80 once, so 160, yeah, for sure.

Emily: On the way, I'm Cone of Colding from here, from the sky.

Brennan: Awesome, okay.

Emily: Let's see. That's pretty good, I guess I'll… Okay, yeah, I'm just gonna
quick. So that's 15, 21… 27.

Ally: [sneezes] Excuse me.

Lou: Bless you.

Emily: Plus 14. 27 plus 14-

Murph: 41.

Emily: 41.

Brennan: With the Cone of Cold?

Emily: Yeah.

[Murph laughs]

Emily: Oh, sorry, sorry. [gives Ally their die back]

Ally: Thank you.

Brennan: This- [getting out the Box of Doom] They need to roll a 15, and this
is the Cone of Cold, right? 60 feet.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: So they need to roll a 15 or higher to not just get fuckin' wasted.

Murph: Yo.

Brennan: [sighing] That's a 7.

[Emily laughing victoriously]

Brennan: How much damage is that again?

Murph: 41?

Emily: 41.

Zac: Ciabatta's-

Brennan: Ciabatta is still very much alive.

Emily: Okay. He's very much alive though, he's doing really well?

Brennan: Yes.

Emily: Okay. Then just to fuck with him, I'm gonna fire breathe on him.

Ally: Toast that bread.

Emily: I'm just gonna say, out of character, I don't want to kill him.

Brennan: Gotcha. Go ahead and roll, he's not gonna die from this breath.

Emily: Okay, cool.

Murph: Toast that Ciabatta.

Emily: I need eight more.

Murph: D6's?

Ally: Oh.

Lou: You need more?

Emily: Four, five, six, just two more now. Okay, a lot of ones in there.

Siobhan: A lot of sixes as well.

Emily: Oh, cool. [gasps]

Ally: That's what he looks, that's his face?

Brennan: He was not dressed for battle.

Siobhan: Stupid toga.

Emily: 20.

Ally: Interesting.

Emily: 30.

Zac: It's so funny that I'm just so mad at that thing.

Ally: Yeah, totally.

Emily: 50.

Murph: Yeah. He looks like a chicken nugget.

Ally: He does! He looks like a chicken nugget mascot.

Emily: 57!

Brennan: He does not save for half. He goes from looking wounded but okay to
injured, badly injured.

Emily: And then I think that I still have a movement from my baby.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: So we're going to retreat back to our safe place.

Brennan: Okay. You go down just long enough to incinerate all of Ciabatta's
troops. He is standing alone in the field going,

Ciabatta: Ceresia, Ceresia, to me!

Brennan: And that is going to be… They're dead. Gone. Liam, that's you.

Ally: Okay. I would like to- Can I roll to see if I know where the Pontifex is
in there?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Perception check.

Ally: Yeah, 22.

Brennan: She is standing, watching this from the tall wall of the keep.

Ally: I would like to take a high- I would like to take a dash action with all
the stealth I can manage to get in.

Brennan: Give me a Stealth check.

Ally: With advantage?

Brennan: With advantage.

Emily: Are you still carrying Keradin's body?

Ally: Yeah, I'm still carrying Keradin. Okay, that is a 21.

Brennan: You are carrying Keradin, you vanish into the castle.

Ally: Great.

Brennan: That's going to be Theo.

Murph: Sweet. I think I'm still pretty far away. Where am I? I was like over-

Brennan: You're like here, yeah.

Murph: Okay, I'm just gonna dash to rejoin my-

Brennan: Your Knights of Gumbia?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Hell yeah, cool. And the knights are gonna wait there for you.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Although, they can actually advance with the ram too.

Murph: Yeah, that'd be great.

Brennan: Cool, they advance. That's going to be-

Ally: [about Ciabatta’s mini] This fuckin' thing. I'm so sorry, but this is
just unreal. [takes out their phone and takes a photo]

Emily: Disgusting.

Ally: Portrait mode, Zac.

Zac smiles for Ally’s picture, since he’s in it.

Brennan: Amethar, that's you. Give me a- What's that? Yeah.

Lou: What we've been doing.

Brennan: Have your unit do what it's doing.

Lou: 12 plus whatever. Plus 4, 16.

Brennan: Plus 4, 16, that's a hit. They're gonna roll morale. Gone.

Multiple: [Sighs of relief] Yes.

Brennan: Jawbreaker's people destroy them. Give me a Perception check with
advantage.

Lou: Two 5s.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: So that's 10.

Brennan: Oh, that's 10? Cool. I'm gonna roll something real quick.

Siobhan: Mm-mm.

Brennan: With a plus 7 to Stealth, it's not good enough. You see, running
along the wall here, by himself, Calroy Cruller.

Lou: Ooh, I'd like to break from my unit to say,

Amethar: To the gate!

Lou: I'll break from my unit and sprint for that, the same kind of dam thing
we used over here.

Brennan: You break from your unit and charge towards the walls of the castle.
Mm-hmm?

Lou: Yeah, I'm just gonna- We'll end there.

Brennan: You charge as fast as you can. [Sighs] White flags of surrender begin
to fly up around the castle.

Siobhan: Oh, I didn't see them.

[Emily and Brennan laughing]

Brennan: Ruby, you’re next to act.

Siobhan: He's flanked, right?

Brennan: Yes he is.

Siobhan: I would like to unsheathe my water steel dagger.

Murph: Oh, hell yeah.

Brennan: You walk up behind him.

Emily: Make that bread soggy!

Brennan: Go ahead and roll with advantage.

Siobhan: 18 plus 9. 27.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll, I'm gonna roll his Constitution.

Siobhan: It's 4d6.

Brennan: 4d6, he just rolled a natural 4 on his Constitution save.

Siobhan: Great, it's actually three Constitution saves. It's 12.

Brennan: 12 damage, but you also add your sneak Attack.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: 12, 14, 16.

Brennan: More than 20?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Standing in the burned and frozen remains of his soldiers, what
happens to Imperator Ciabatta?

Siobhan: I say,

Ruby: In sweetness there is strength, bitch.

Siobhan: And I stab him in the back. He swells up with water.

Brennan: [death rattles] He falls to the ground dead.

[cast sighing]

Murph: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Feels good.

Brennan: Jawbreaker makes another death save. 16, that’s a success.

Murph: Sweet.

Siobhan: Wait, can I have my-

Brennan: Troops move?

Siobhan: My troops move?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: So I would like for them to go with my pops and help him.

Brennan: Gotcha, yeah. They start to- They start to rush after your pops.

Siobhan: Help him climb the wall or go through the moat or whatever.

Brennan: Actually, you know what? They're gonna throw grappling hooks.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Grappling hooks sail over the wall. These are like your rogue
soldiers. That's going to be, Cumulous, that's you.

Zac: Can I see Cruller?

Brennan: Give me a Perception check.

Zac: 10.

Brennan: 10, no, 10, you don't have line of sight to where he is, he's running
along that parapet there. Your raiders just start storming the castle.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Slaughtering people. It gets back to Liam. You dart into the castle
and appear on the ledge behind the Pontifex.

Ally: I'm already there.

Brennan: You're already there.

Ally: Sneak- I attack.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: 19 plus, that's 30 to hit.

Brennan: That definitely hits.

Ally: All right, second attack. Nat 20!

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan is just staring.

Ally: I crit on the Pontifex. Okay, that's two-

Zac: Are you still holding Keradin?

Ally: I'm still holding the carrot. Yeah! Sneak attack, it's doubled.

Murph: Hunter's mark.

Ally: Yep.

Emily: Sir Keradin holding Sir Keradin. [laughing]

Ally: One, two, three-

Siobhan: So confusing.

Ally: Okay.

Siobhan: Why is it happening? I love it. Why is it happening?

Ally: Okay. This is for both attacks.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: 18, 28, 31, 34, plus… Is the Pontifex celestial or-

Brennan: Celestial.

Ally: I hit her for 43 points of damage.

Brennan: That's for both attacks?

Ally: Yep.

Brennan: And one was a normal, one was a crit, correct?

Ally: Mm-hmm. Oh wait. Oh, that was only one attack.

Brennan: Roll the other one.

Ally: Sorry.

Siobhan: Jesus Christ.

Ally: Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Murph: Liam.

Siobhan: Great Bulb above.

Ally: Okay, and then this is just the normal attack.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: Yes. Okay, 16, 20, 23, 37.

[slow, discordant music]

Brennan: 37? The Pontifex looks out and says,

Belizabeth: How can this be? How can any of this be?

Brennan: Emerging from the shadows, you train your crossbow on her. She
tumbles from the edge of the wall, falling through space, arrow piercing her
heart, and fallen on the ledge in front of her is the Book of Saint Citrina.

Ally: I look down at her, I throw Keradin off to land on top of her. I grab
the Book of Saint Citrina because I know my Queen needs it, and I disappear
again, I hide.

Brennan: You vanish. Theo, you advance with the battering ram into the castle.

Murph: Sweet. I think I'm also gonna yell, 'cause if they're surrendering with
like white flags and stuff, I think I'm gonna yell, to the enemy soldiers and
stuff,

Theo: Bring us the Pontifex and Calroy and we'll stop.

Brennan: You see… Amethar, you ascend up the walls of the castle, as you hear
shouts of surrender, and you see heading to the secret exit that leads to the
escape, Calroy Cruller. Cumulous, you appear, blocking his exit.

[solemn music]

Ally: Those fancy-ass pants.

Brennan: He turns to face you.

Amethar: What's the last part of my title? Say it.

Calroy: Amethar.

Amethar: What's the last part of my title?

Calroy: You—

Amethar: Say the last part of my title.

Zac: I think Cumulous is gonna kick him in the knees and make him bow.

Calroy: [drops to his knees] Amethar, the Unfallen.

Brennan: [sword shing] And he leaps at you.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: He is gonna roll. Jesus, 18, 23, 27, 32. He hits you for 34 points of
damage, halved to 17.

Lou: Great. Great. It's my turn?

Brennan: It's your turn.

Lou: I'll Action Surge for four reckless attacks. [cast chuckling] That's 21.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Lou: That's 27.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Lou: That's a crit on a 19.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Zac: Nat 20. [putting his hand over his mouth]

Lou: That's a nat 20.

Ally: That's- What!

Emily: Woo!

Siobhan: That's my pops!

Lou: He makes a DC 20 Constitution saving throw or immediately dies.

Brennan is standing there in shock with his hands over his face.

Ally: DC20?

Zac: What's that?

Murph: Oh, 'cause of Payment Day.

Lou: 'Cause of Payment Day.

Siobhan: Cause he killed your sister.

Emily: This is the most beautiful thing, that this was- That we have never
seen this until this moment.

Brennan is slowly bringing out the Box of Doom.

Lou: Also, just a fun fact, for those at home, this was rolled on a dice that
Brennan gave to me after the very first season of Dimension 20, that nat 20.

Ally: Gorgeous.

Brennan: Calroy's a rogue. He's a scoundrel. Which means that he was able to
betray and deceive your family over the course of decades. It also means that
he is not proficient in Constitution saving throws. He has a plus 1 to this.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: He needs a 19 or 20.

Lou puts his arms up and braces himself on Siobhan and Zac’s shoulders.

Brennan: You might do it on the damage alone.

Brennan rolls the save in the box; the audience is briefly able to see that
it’s a 16, but the players can’t.

Ally: What was it?

[somber string music]

Brennan: Astride the wall over the deep and vast moat of Castle Candy, the
Marquis of Muffinfield, who lived a lie for 25 years as your advisor and right
hand, leaps forward, scores the deepest cut across your chest that you can
remember. After that, what fate befalls Calroy Cruller?

Lou: Take my hand, I rub it across the blood running from my body, take

Payment Day along the edge, like the edge,

Amethar: [quietly] For my sister, for my daughter.

Lou: And I bring it down.

Brennan: You slice this piece of cake perfectly in half, to the point where no
decent burial or anything done with his remains could be anything other than a
disgrace and mockery to his memory.

Lou: I get down on my knees and I grab the back of his pants and I lift him
up, and I wait to watch while he shits himself.

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: One final humiliating shit.

Cumulous: Wow.

Amethar: Oh, yeah, cousin, this guy-

Cumulous: You don't have to explain-

Amethar: Okay, cool, cool.

Brennan: Calroy Cruller is dead. The siege of Castle Candy is successful. The
remaining troops inside, rounded up, the battering ram takes the gate down as
the dawn sun begins to lighten the eastern sky. You are injured, and you've
sustained a tremendous amount of damage, but the enemies of your house and
your nation lie dead, and the Book of Saint Citrina is here so that all may
speak and know the truth. Ruby, you stand here at the shattered gates of your
castle.

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: You look up, and as the battle is won, Saccharina, you mount up on
Cinnamon, and you catch each other's eye across the battlefield. I'm gonna ask
you both to look at me and not look at each other again while I'm speaking.

Emily: Okay.

Siobhan reaches over for Emily’s hand, then pulls back.

Emily: I know, right.

Brennan: In that moment, you both understand that you are aware of what the
others know, and that now that your enemies lie defeated, dark and terrible
things are at work. You don't know where Swifty and Gooey and Jon Bon are, but
you know what they're planning to do.

Emily: What? I told them not to.

Brennan: You told them not to attack Port Syrup anymore.

Emily: [eyes wide] I didn't know that.

Brennan: It's okay. But you know what they are able to do. Ruby, you look up
at her astride this dragon and have seen what it can do. In this moment, I'm
going to… Extend to you both that you see visions of the future in front of
you. You know what awaits the future of Candia in the worst case scenarios of
Saccharina's rule, and you know the truth that this was not brought to you.
I'm gonna hand each of you a piece of paper, and what I would like you to do
is this. As you are looking at each other, and know that, in a very real way,
murder has been discussed, in this moment, as you catch each other's eye, you
also feel a possibility for something more. I would like to write on the piece
of paper whether you will move to strike in this moment of vulnerability while
you are both injured and weakened, or whether you will look for understanding
in the other person. I'm gonna tell you how this puzzle works right now,
before you write anything down. If you both write that your eyes harden, then
there will perhaps be battle, or if you wish to settle it another way, it will
settle another way. If you instead choose to look at each other and attempt to
truly see the other person, you can write that down as well. What will happen
if you both write that you wish to aggress, or if you feel that you only have
anger in your heart in this moment, is we will either roll initiative again,
or we will settle it some other way. In the chaos of the battle, as you still
hear the sounds of slaughter from the castle, if one of you writes that you
wish to attack, and the other writes that they wish to understand, that moment
of vulnerability will potentially cost that character their life as they lower
their defenses. If you both write that you wish to understand each other and
see each other, then something else will happen.

The cast look at each other for a moment as Emily and Siobhan write. Ally and
Lou both drink their water.

Lou: You guys remember freak-a-meep? That was fuckin' funny.

Ally: Freak-a-meep.

[solemn music]

Brennan: [takes and reads the papers, then sighs] In the chaos of battle,
Saccharina separated from her soldiers, in the dark atop the tower, there is a
moment where there would be a chance to strike and end a possible future that
could come. Saccharina you look at the Princess Ruby and see that your enemies
lay vanquished, and that the beleaguered forces here that have just finished
this battle could not hope to withstand you or your magic, and especially not
the Princess Ruby, standing beneath you. There's been so much loss and
violence and chaos. As I said before, the dilemma you found yourself in was
that it is always safer to attack, because if you attack and the other person
has chosen to attack, then it's an equal fight, and it's resolved. If you
choose to attack and the other person chose to be soft or vulnerable, you have
the advantage, and they will die as a result. The choice to understand or to
be soft or to show vulnerability of course comes with tremendous risk, because
if you choose that and the other person has chosen to attack, then it's over.
Both of you catch each other's eye and have to hesitate for a moment to wonder
what the other will do in this moment. You gaze at each other, and in your own
ways, you have both chosen to understand.

Emily begins to grin.

Brennan: What does Saccharina see in Ruby? Ruby, what does Saccharina look to
you and see?

Siobhan: Can I Message her?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Siobhan: I'd like to Message her and say,

Ruby: Saccharina, you're an astonishing leader, but I can't be your subject.
But please, I would like to be your sister.

Saccharina: Well, you could be my sister, for a while at least, Amethar's
still alive. But someday you would be my subject.

Ruby: Someday is someday.

Brennan: Something deep and profound shifts. You look and see Jon Bon, Gooey,
and Swifty all look to you for an order.

Saccharina: Get the feast ready.

Swifty: Man! Fuck that! All right.

[Emily laughing]

Brennan: You look and see Caramelinda back by the dock as the sun rises,
gazing at you, and she Messages you.

Caramelinda: You know what is at risk.

[solemn music]

Ruby: She has never had the chance to have a family, and I think that we
should give her the chance to feel how that feels.

Caramelinda: And you would risk the devastation and destruction you've already
seen to what, expose us? Make us vulnerable? To give a chance? A chance for
what?

Ruby: Family is exposed, family is vulnerable. If you don't want to be
exposed, if you don't want to be vulnerable, be on your own. But part of the
truth is that, is trusting the other people and being good to them and hoping
and helping them change. [crying] I already lost one sister, I can't lose
another.

Brennan: Caramelinda hangs her head, stunned out of her paranoia by the
bravery of her daughter. Amethar, you come to the courtyard as the soldiers
declare victory and liberate the captured servants of this place, and…
Saccharina and Ruby, you are in the courtyard together as Amethar approaches.

Amethar: That dragon is really something.

Saccharina: Yeah, he's pretty badass, right?

Amethar: Yeah.

Saccharina: I feel like he really fucked shit up.

Amethar: Yeah, I mean-

Ruby: He really fucked some shit up.

Amethar: Whole platoons were just like ba, ba, ba.

Saccharina: Look, I know what happened at Port Syrup was terrible. But… I
think that was… Although that was done in my name, it was… I need good people
around me. And that's something that's hard to come by.

Siobhan: I take her hand.

Emily and Siobhan holds hands.

Brennan: Saccharina, you feel the weight of the crown upon your head.

Siobhan: Oh, 'cause I was wearing it already?

Brennan: Oh no, but you do have the crown here with you. [to the camera, a
little pointedly] You have a crown of candy.

Zac: Cumulous is putting it...

Siobhan: Didn't Liam give me the Book of Saint Citrina?

Brennan: Liam approaches and gives the Book of Saint Citrina.

Saccharina: Amethar, will you, after everything I've done for your family, do
me one favor and put your hand on this?

Amethar: Of course.

Saccharina: Do you really wanna be king?

[gentle music]

Amethar: I do. I really do. But I haven't lived a life worthy of it. You have.
And thus, I would defer to you.

Saccharina: [shakes her head slightly] Wow. Where's Sir Theo? He survived?

Murph: I'm once again hovering, and I walk over.

Saccharina: Hi. Well, maybe we can just put off that decision for a little
bit.

Amethar: Okay.

Brennan: Make a History check for me, Theo, if you'd be so kind.

Murph: Who makes a History check?

Brennan: You, Theo. Make it with advantage too.

Murph: Ooh, baby, nat 20. Dramatic rolls.

Brennan: Hold on, I'm gonna do something.

Brennan gets out of his seat and walks over to Murph.

Lou: Rolls.

Brennan: [whispering] You have the Book of Saint Citrina…

The cast starts making loud noises and put their hands over their ears. The
audience can still kind of hear Brennan, though, as he’s mic’ed.

Brennan: [inaudible]... the Concord still exists and Amethar can swear on the
book and he could say that Gustavo named him. There is a throne in Candia and
a throne in Comida.

[cast singing and chattering]

Theo: It has just occurred to me that we now have the Book of Saint Citrina,
so not only do we have the throne of Candia, but Amethar could say that he was
named the Emperor of the Concord and reestablish the Concord.

Saccharina: [gasping] Why, then, Candia would certainly need a Queen.

Amethar: And it most certainly has one.

Lou: I put my hand on the book.

Amethar: Gustavo Uvano named me as Emperor of the Concord.

Brennan: Primsy, in the rubble, says,

Primsy: The Dairy Islands recognizes this claim on the Book of Saint Citrina
as being true, and heretofore, missives will be sent to whoever's in charge of
these countries, now that we've killed all the people that run them. Your
Imperial Majesty, it is an honor to know you and the Empress Caramelinda and
the Imperial Princess Ruby of the House of Rocks. And to Her Majesty the Queen
of Candia, I say, what a charming finish to this rather strife-filled tale.

Brennan: You look as in fact, the bizarre political machinations of this land
have seen you with the ability to prove that in fact there may be more than
just one crown of candy.

Zac: I was just going to ask Liam,

Cumulous: What's that thing glowing in your pocket?

Liam: Oh yeah. I still have my seed.

Ally: I eat the seed.

Theo: Liam, wait!

Ally: I eat the seed, maybe it shoots out and it's planted, but-

Murph: I can Heimlich maneuver Liam if it looks dangerous immediately.

Brennan: You eat the seed. Creation and destruction, the Bulb has always been
about control and domination, its Church casting its light everywhere, and
you've seen the power of the Hungry One in the ruins of Port Syrup, and you've
seen these two extremes, and you have chosen Lapin's wish, which somewhere,
not even in the middle, but in the middle and then far beyond and past to
something new and strange and exciting. When Liam thinks of change and the
change that he would wish to see in the world, what is the change Liam would
most wish to see?

Ally: I think he wishes that this kind of like, bursting creativity of Candia,
embrace of magic and individualism, would burst forth, and that instantly
Candia would quadruple in size, with its place on the Calorum map.

Brennan: [to the camera] I mean, fuck me, right? You guys hear a deep rumble
in the earth and see mountains begin to sprout on the horizon, and you feel a
shifting, the cola rushes down the river as Candia's lands expand to 400% of
their current size.

Saccharina: Thank you so much, I just became the Queen, and my realm just got
fucking huge.

Liam: Yeah.

Amethar: And as Emperor, this is going to be a nightmare.

Brennan: Liam, you hear the chuckle of a far-off rabbit closing the door as
the final structure. Is there anything that Lapin whispers to Liam on his way
out of this reality?

Lapin: Yeah, there's nothing wrong with being a seed guy.

Liam: Cool.

[Emily laughing]

Lapin: Preston, come on. [clapping]

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: [pig squealing] One final kiss that you feel on your cheek.

Ally: So wet.

Brennan: And the magic fades. A new age of Candia is born and the only rival
to the feasting of a new vast and magical Candia is the feasting in Comida as
the Emperor Amethar of the House of Rocks embraces his title, and bringing a
new age of peace to these realms. The newly crowned prince, or I should say
King of Vegetania, Nezemiah Cabbage, apologizes deeply for the violence of his
people, and had no idea that this Pontifex was in fact so violent. The Senate
of Ceresia, once again newly formed after a brief dip into fascism, sends a
formal envoy to thank you for the dispatch of the horrifying Imperator
Ciabatta, and at the various feasts, Basha Myaso approaches.

Basha Myaso: [Russian-esque accent] Maybe, maybe I wrong about you.

Amethar: Yeah, well. We make mistakes.

Basha: You think it's okay if I kick all the priests out of my lands?

Amethar: Oh. Honestly, the only thing I ask is that you send a missive to my
daughter and bring her along with you.

Basha: You know, Candia doing very well since return of magic. Maybe this
Queen Saccharina want to fly her dragon and show us Meatlanders how to bring
things back from asleep.

Amethar: I'm sure she would.

Emily: I'm definitely going through Meat Land charring some shit up.

Ally: Ha ha! Yum.

Brennan: In Candia, the Order of the Spinning Stars' ranks swell as new magics
are discovered. Sir Theobald, the Knights of North-Gumbia are proud at
attention as you serve your new queen and protect all of the vast riches of
Candia. And Liam, there are a lot of strange new seeds in this land. Magic
seeds. Seeds that won't hurt anyone and can do miraculous and amazing things.

Saccharina: Would you like to be the Master Gardener instead?

Liam: [emotional] Yes! I'm so done with being an archer.

Brennan: As we end, I would like each of you to please give me a moment from
our heroes as the new peace descends upon the land.

Ally: I think after I iced the Pontifex and the carrot, I collected their
bodies again, and when we got to, like once the town was back together, we
revived them, and we keep them in prison, and when they came to and I had
saved their lives, I just kind of like explain that I'm sick of revenge and
icing people and stalking and the dark to try to bring back a pig that will
never come back, and I just am like, “in sweetness there is strength, but also
in strength there is sweetness, and this is my mercy for you two, but you're
gonna be in jail for the rest of your lives”. And they have a lot of Candian
literature in there.

Brennan: Sir Theobald.

Murph: I think as everything- I think Theo is extremely relieved that
everything kind of wrapped up so neatly, but I think as everybody's kind of
like, after there's like the little reunion of the siblings and everything, I
think I would like to go up to Amethar and Ruby and just say,

Theo: You could've told me.

Amethar: Told you what?

Theo: That you had a claim to the throne.

Amethar: Oh, okay. I mean, I'm a warrior, all right? The night before one of
the biggest battles of our lives-

Theo: I know.

Amethar: You think I'm gonna come and put that in your head?

Theo: Saccharina would've been fine being your heir. It didn't need to… I'm
just, I never betrayed you and I never would betray you, and I never would
betray you either, Ruby. I was- I-

Ruby: We just didn't want to put that… We didn't want to have to make you
choose.

Theo: I understand that, and I did something very similar with Liam. I told
him a half truth. I told him that Saccharina was in danger. So I did the same
thing that you did. But yeah, I just want you to know that the crown-

Ruby: Sir Theobald, go fuck Gooey.

Theo: All right.

Murph: As I start to walk away, I'm like,

Theo: [quickly] The crown never meant anything, I just wanted to protect your
family-

Amethar: Hey, slam her down big style!

Theo: I'm very submissive, I'm going to get slammed down big style!

[Brennan laughing]

Murph: I go and I get slammed down big style.

Brennan: What a fitting end for Theobald's story. Cumulous.

Zac: I think Cumulous is, you know, taking stock of the Order, he's like
looking in the armory with all the magical weapons, sort of, [sighs
emotionally]. [Brennan laughing] Walks past, he like opens one more set of
doors and there's floor to ceiling just stacks of towels. [Ally laughing] And
then-

Brennan: Snickersnack goes,

Snickersnack: Many died. Many died to protect this room.

Cumulous: And we will always protect it.

[Brennan laughing]

Zac: And then he walks past another, opens another set of doors, and there's a
chocolate hen, and he picks it up, and he just. [gives it a little kiss]

Brennan: Aww!

Multiple: Aww!

Brennan: Amethar.

Lou: I think like, after a long day of advisement from Saccharina about
distributing magic throughout the world, we're just kind of walking through
the halls of Castle Candia.

Amethar: So yeah, that's where I slept when I was growing up. And so you know,
it was like me, and then me and Sapphria, we used to get up to so much shit, I
tell ya. I have to show you all of like the secret passages here and stuff.

Saccharina: Please do.

Ruby: [behind her hand to Saccharina] There's like five that he doesn't know
about.

Saccharina: I'm pretty sure Swifty actually found them.

Amethar: Honestly?

Saccharina: Really channeling a lot of his aggression into exploring and
mischief.

Amethar: Honestly-

Saccharina: He keeps running into- He keeps asking for an apartment in-

Amethar: In Dulcington?

Swifty: A nice three-bedroom in Dulcington!

Ruby: I get it, honestly, I get it.

Swifty: I'm wearing four thongs! How's that!

Ruby: But how many are you wearing now? [rips them away]

Swifty: Oh!

Ruby gives him finger guns.

Swifty: I'm glad I didn't murder you, and I rarely say that!

Brennan: Warmth fills your heart, to be in this place that you discovered
before the battle, you were always longed to be in, even when they didn't know
that you were out there.

Emily: I have one final piece of business.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: I think I just wanna make it clear that in my free time, I've also done
some adventuring with Cinnamon down to Vegetania to look for sort of a food
substitute for human hearts. I heard of something called pea protein. Questing
for it.

Brennan: Give me an Investigation check, our last check of the game.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: 18.

Brennan: You find a lot of great pea proteins. Really helpful, it's really
good for him, and there's something kind of beautiful about it being
Vegetanian in nature-

Murph: A vegan dragon!

Brennan: I'll also say this. The dragon is of the Hungry One, and it fed on
the power of the Bulb, because that's what the Bulb has always represented to
the Hungry One, these two forces. In the village where Liam has kept the
incredibly resurrected Pontifex and Sir Keradin that now work as kind of
monastic prisoners.

Ally: I visit them each day and we chat and they hate it.

Brennan: You find there, though, that a tree is growing, a tree that looks a
lot like the tinfoil robes of a chocolate rabbit warlock you never got to
meet, and it grows from where- Actually, I should say it's outside of Castle
Candia, it's where Liam made his wish. A tree grows there, in bright pink and
green and yellow and different colors with tinfoil leaves and huge chocolate
fruit on them. And you watch as cranky Cinnamon that has not gotten to eat any
hearts lately, and may never grow as big as he might have if he'd been allowed
to get angrier and angrier, reaches out and eats a little fruit off of this
wish tree, and you see that his eyes, red, and they look at you with something
like recognition and love, as though this dragon, who loved you, of course,
but also loved what he was able to do because of you, regards you instead, and
it seems even something as primal as a dragon can be changed by a wish for a
better world. He grows gentle, you see he turns around and for the first time
regards the world, not with hunger, but with wonder. Ruby.

Siobhan: I'd like to stay in Candia, at least for now, and give Saccharina the
sister that she never had. And I feel like everybody's probably pretty sad,
and the best remedy for that is maybe to have a little circus show that
travels around the land and performs for the people, because I think that we
could all use a bit of cheering up.

[Crown of Candy theme fading in]

Brennan: After a long time of being a good and wonderful sister, with your
parents in the city of Comida ruling the Concord, it is helpful for the new
and powerful Witch Queen of Candia to have an advisor that is cunning and
slight of her ways and clever and sly to teach her about the Candia that she
was not fortunate enough to grow up in.

Ruby: Honestly, I should've studied more for this. I did not set myself up for
success, but I'll help you as much as I can.

Saccharina: Maybe we should just do some acrobatics.

Ruby: Oh, you know what? Thank you!

Brennan: Later in life, when finally these things are settled, you're given a
flier, and the Traveling Swirler Sisters are coming through town.

[Siobhan sighs]

Ruby: I'll be back.

Saccharina: Okay.

Ruby: Okay.

Brennan: A beautiful multi-colored road stretches away through a land made of
candy, and the bright colors of the circus, bringing nothing but joy to all
the people here, Ruby flies through the air. Peace, wonder, joy, and an age of
magic. So much sorrow. But through long nights and hard work, and reaching out
to understand each other, a very sweet age is dawning. That's all for A Crown
of Candy. Thanks for watching.

The screen fades to black. Suddenly a post-credits scene begins playing.

Ally: Can I ask a question that would maybe leave it on a cliffhanger?

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: Okay, you can let me know if this doesn't do anything.

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: But I wanted to have the book and ask Caramelinda if she knew who killed
Catherine Ghee.

Emily: Yeah, that's what, I was gonna give her the book and say-

Ally: 'Cause she would've been around. Is there any way that she would've been
involved in the killing of Catherine Ghee, to make her family be loyal?

Brennan: Bonus content. On the Book of Saint Citrina, no.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Caramelinda was not a villain. Caramelinda was scared. Like a lot of
people were.

Ally: Okay, but she wouldn't even have been in the room if that had been
decided-

Brennan: No.

Ally: Who killed Catherine Ghee?

Murph: It was probably Calroy.

Brennan: Catherine Ghee got sick and died.

Siobhan: But who threatened Catherine Ghee?

Brennan: Huh?

Siobhan: Who threatened Catherine Ghee?

Brennan: Catherine Ghee, oh.

Siobhan: Tell us the secrets.

Brennan: Catherine Ghee was paranoid, and when people-

Emily: Did she just lie to me?

Brennan: People were coming to look for her to tell her to come to Castle
Candy, and she thought they were coming to kill her. She was just scared.

Siobhan: Oh no!

Emily: That's devastating.

Siobhan: So tragic.

Ally: Crazy.

Lou: Bonus content.

Brennan: Bonus content. After the credits. Thank you for watching A Crown of
Candy, we'll see you guys next time.

[cast cheering]

* * *

Transcribed by Tillie the Paladin

Edited by Tillie the Paladin, Kyber Bonsai, rowan solsys

