Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoyP0goap_S7cD2jvf-
G-cfj6LzqotvgmKjTHaJGqyMxu9t1bKUo7w0J1Juya3Czxpeodgvh-LnfqsxJPBE:0)

Episode 1: Sophomores Start

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 1: Sophomores Start

[[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSz0cqIlyixzjaa6AwjAen2-cjuj90RGCF99XTwflEexB7QFojGKYUcZ80WXbum_2CAIhLosPoId4sC/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650499384954&usg=AOvVaw2JcBcW9GQPQ1HfVd2ua8jo)]
>

Brennan: Hello and welcome to Dimension 20 Live presents Fantasy High:
Sophomore Year. I'm your humble dungeon master Brennan Lee Mulligan, with me,
as always, are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Starting to my left, Emily Axford.

(clapping)

Emily: Yay!

Brennan: Zac Oyama.

Zac: No, no, no, no.

Brennan: Siobhan Thompson.

Siobhan: Is that me, who knows?

Brennan: Lou Wilson.

Lou: Hey!

Brennan: Ally Beardsley.

(laughing)

Brennan: And Brian Murphy. Could we go around, could you guys kind of tell us
who you're playing this lovely game?

Emily: I'm Figueroth Faeth. I'm a tiefling. I'm best friends with my non-
biological dad, Gilear. I'm a rockstar, thank you.

Zac: Hi, I'm Gorgug Thistlespring. I am a sophomore this year, as we all are,
and I thought we were all best friends, but, I mean.

(all laughing)

Ally: I don't know, I guess Gilear is your best friend.

Emily: Yeah, Gilear's part of our group.

Zac: Oh, yeah, right.

Emily: Don't you say keep adding Gilear to the group chat?

Zac: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Siobhan: I'm Adaine Abernant. I am a wizard. And everybody is my best friend
and I'm dealing with my mental illness and everything's gonna go great.

(Ally laughs)

Lou: Ciao, I'm Fabian Aramais Seacaster, son of the recent, or not-so-
recently, deceased Bill Seacaster. Yes, these people are my friends. I do
enjoy spending time with them. Currently in the midst of putting together a
crew to go clear my father's debt, as well as save my beloved.

Siobhan: No.

Lou: Yes! Yes.

Ally: Hi, I am Ally Beardsley. Today I'll be playing Basrar.

(laughing)

Brennan: That's not—

Ally: I am a ice cream chef. And, no, I will be playing Kristen Applebees. I
am from the Church of Yes? and I am—

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: Figuring out your new—

Ally: And I'm a cleric and I'm figuring out this stack of spells.

Murph: Greetings and salutations. I am Riz Gukgak, a goblin rogue. And best
friends with everyone, but especially best friends with Fabian Seacaster.

Brennan: Oh, wonderful. If you're tuning in now and you've got no idea what's
going on, that's because this is the continuing adventures of the adventures
that started in season one of Fantasy High, which you can see on dropout.tv.
You can also catch it on YouTube, with the whole first season available and
other than a couple of little live shows that happened as one-offs, this is
the continuing story of a group of students at the Aguefort Adventuring
Academy, the world of Spyre's premier academy for heroes. And the world of
Spyre's a classic high fantasy world full of wizards, dragons, goblins, and
elves, except for the nation of Solace, which, due to its high level of
arcano-tech and its collaboration between all the various classes and species
of Spyre, has seen itself advance into a John Hughes-esque, 1980s teen drama
kind of country, with elemental cars and hot rods, diners open all night,
crystals that operate a lot like smartphones, and all kinds of teen drama
going on at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy in the little town of Elmville.
Here, in Elmville, we find ourselves in the midst of sophomore year. Now, at
the end of freshman year, our intrepid heroes were able to thwart an
apocalyptic plot by, hey, by the way, if you haven't watched the first season,
spoiler alert, this whole thing is a spoiler. It's a sequel. A sequel's like
the biggest type of spoiler there is. So--

Zac: I kinda don't wanna hear it.

Brennan: Kinda don't want to hear it if you haven't watched it. Hate to bring
spoilers, but you are watching a sequel. So, at the end of freshman year, our
intrepid heroes thwarted an apocalyptic plot, rescued a number of kidnapped
people at the end of a long mystery and thwarted Kalvaxus, dragon emperor of
the Red Waste and laid him low after learning he was, big old spoiler,
secretly their vice principal Goldenhoard all along! I just saved you an
entire season of watching the show. Having thwarted it, we were left with a
bit of a cliffhanger at the end of the last season, which was, of course, oh,
no, the disappearance of the crown of the Nightmare King that went missing
sometime in the last chunk of freshman year. We are not going to cut to that
time, though. We are going to spin the clock forward, all the way to right
before spring break, the Saturday before your spring break of sophomore year.
A lot of things have happened in sophomore year. Fig has been touring with Fig
and the Cig Figs, along with Gorgug, her drummer. We have a new licensed
private investigator in Riz Gukgak. Adaine's been studying all sorts of
divinatory practices from around Spyre and the world, as well as fulfilling
her role as the new elven oracle, even though she is not in touch with the
elven population at large. Kristen has been fulfilling her role as the new
prophet of the Church of Yes?, a god created during the prompocalypse of the
previous year. And Fabian has been seeing to matters that relate to the estate
of his late father, William Seacaster, AKA Bill Seacaster. Now, we see that
he's been waiting on some things because, though you wanted to go get that
crown right away, there have been investigations and researches into what the
crown exactly is and who may have taken it. Also, because of the loose
armistice but still state of war between Fallinel and the nation of Solace due
to the events of the last season. You have not been able to leave the border
up until this point, it's also taken Arthur Aguefort some time to remend the
privileges of the Aguefort Academy after the year where he was technically
dead and in heaven, impersonating Sol, the sun god. Lot of backstory, point
being, there's been a lot of things moving and shaking around as you guys have
been biding your time. Also, a quick note to our fun friends at home, we just
wanted to say that you're tuning in for Dimension 20 Live. I'm literally DJing
these tracks from my laptop as we go. We are going to have to, yeah, we're
going to have to roll dice and do math. This is a live version of our
campaign. We might mess stuff up. We won't necessarily be able to stop. We'll
have to count the dice as we roll them. It's a live show.

Murph: You can direct message Brennan on Twitter if there are any rules
mistakes or anything, just follow up with him.

Siobhan: Yeah, just at Brennan if any of us are bad at math.

Zac: I think you should get in the comments, right?

Brennan: Oh, don't use my own catchphrase against me. Point being, this is the
closest thing you're gonna get to the sort of, we don't have any Rick Perry
battlesets, we're doing this all theater of the mind. We don't have Noah and
Erin, our editors. This is some real homegame D&D. So, as we go along, you
know, we want to do that.

Ally: Good to be back.

Ally puts their hands on Lou and Murph’s shoulders, and the rest of the table
sans Brennan follows suit.

Brennan: In fact, I've just been told to close my Slack, which was open on my
computer, so that's a fun.

Lou: Wow.

Siobhan: Ta-ta-ta.

Zac: Ta-ta-ta.

Brennan: We're learning as we go. Everyone, we open on the first Saturday
before your spring break.

[bubbly, cheerful music]

Emily: It sounds like an aquarium, I love it.

(all laughing)

Lou pretends to do a breaststroke.

Brennan: A moving truck trundles along with a small car following behind it in
Elmville, in the neighborhood of Elmville that is sort of up near the highway,
past, sort of near Cravencroft Cemetery, and up on the hill above that area,
Haversham Hill, is Mordred Manor. In Mordred Manor, we see a tall, old,
Victorian-style manor with little sort of like holes, shingles missing,
strange iron wrought gates and gargoyles, it's near Cravencroft Cemetery, and
we see a strange, old, haunted manor. There's a ruined chapel off to one side.
Old, little private graveyard, a spiraling tower. As the moving truck
approaches and the little car comes up behind it and it rolls up to the front
of the manor house, which, there's cobwebs, ravens, bats, and things like
that, the truck stops outside an old fountain, little gravel area, sort of
circle to pull around in front of the house, and stepping out of the moving
truck, is Jawbone, who calls out and says, whoo, all right, look at this
place! This looks great, I can't wait! For, indeed, Jawbone and Sandra Lynn,
after less than a year together, have bought a home.

Ally: When you know, you know.

Brennan: When you know, you know.

Ally: It's fine.

Lou: That's love.

Zac: Sandra Lynn?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn, Fig's mother.

Emily: My mom, I know. I'm really pretty worried about Gilear. I don't think
this is the first time that someone's broken up with him and then immediately
found their soulmate.

(all laughing)

Emily: Might be a pattern for him.

Brennan: We see people dressed for moving day here. There's a lot of reasons
they wanted to move in, first of all, Jawbone and Sandra Lynn are very much in
love. Jawbone combines a lot of the things that Sandra Lynn has always looked
for in a partner. He's lived a very full life, but he's also a very stable,
loving partner. And Sandra Lynn is able to keep, to fully understand all of
Jawbone's sordid past and his struggles with lycanthropy. Jawbone is in full
hybrid werewolf form, which he almost always stays in, as a kind of political
statement, as I'm living with my disease openly and that's something that we
should be able to talk about.

Emily: So it looks good.

Brennan: It looks really good. He's got his glasses, but it is moving day, so
his normal cardigan is off and he's got a little A-top that's brightly colored
in pastel, Easter colors and the jorts that are so short that the pockets kind
of come out the bottom. And a little hole that his tail can pop out of. And he
goes,

Jawbone: All right, great! So we're gonna do furniture first. We loaded it up
so the furniture's gonna come off first and then we're gonna do boxes.
Obviously, books can go in where books are gonna go, but let's talk about
priorities first, getting kitchen set up, the things we're going to
immediately need. Let's do it, I love moving day!

Brennan: Who all is here for moving day?

[various players raise their hands]

Brennan: Kristen, Adaine, Fig, and Gorgug!

Ally: I love to help.

Brennan: Incredible, so the whole fam is here. In addition to wanting to move
in together, it was a little bit crowded at Jawbone's old drug dealer
apartment and--

Ally: That was the issue with it.

Brennan: That was the issue, it was a little crowded.

Siobhan: Not the people turning up at three o'clock in the morning.

Brennan: And him having to explain, I'm a guidance counselor now, I don't do
that anymore, but why don't you come in and talk and let's talk about what's
going on and hopefully I can help you either find the drugs that you're
looking for if we feel that's the right choice for you, but let's talk about
it. You see that Jawbone looks over. Sandra Lynn lands, Baxter, her griffin
mount (caws), spreads, and lands picturesquely on top of this giant, haunted-
looking mansion. Sandra Lynn sort of Legolas-slides down the steep-sloped roof
and lands on the ground beneath. And we see a huge tour bus pull up that has a
huge wraparound decal.

(Lou laughing)

Brennan: A huge--

Ally: Is it you?

Brennan: Yes, in fact, it is. That is actually who that is. Hold on one
second. We see, as the tour bus pulls up, huge fire decal with Fig slamming on
a base guitar. How's Fig doing? You got here just in time to help your mom and
her boyfriend move.

Emily: I think I make a big show of kicking the door out to get out of the bus
and I'm like,

Fig: Hey, everyone, I'm home! I just want everyone to know, just approach me
like a normal person. Yes, I will do signatures and autographs.

Adaine: That was a sliding door, why did she kick it?

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: You see—

Gorgug: Can I have an autograph?

Fig: Absolutely.

Murph: Wait, aren't you on tour together?

Kristen: Aren't you in her band?

Gorgug: Yeah, can I have an autograph?

Kristen: Wait, you want an autograph from everyone?

Murph: Do you want us to just sign your yearbook, Gorgug?

Gorgug: Well, I didn't know, I missed the time when everyone did it.

Murph: Just at the end of the year.

Adaine: Oh, I'll sign your yearbook.

Gorgug: That's what I'm asking.

Brennan: Gorgug and Fig both come out. We see Fig's agent, Lola Embers comes
out. Lola is a young fire genasi, so her hair is like a short spiral of flame.
She's got huge, chunky jewelry and giant, ruby-studded, horn-rimmed glasses.
She's also got a giant potion in a to-go chalice, with a mobile order sticker
on the side as she comes out.

Fig: Lola, where's the merch leftover? The leftover merch?

Lola: Leftover merch? Honey, there should be a box in your bedroom in the back
of the bus, if it's not there, I will call someone and we can get it
teleported over here immediately.

Ally: Can I roll to see if she's really annoying?

Brennan: Sure, give me an insight check.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: You get the sense that, with a 13, yeah, you know what? It's her job
to make herself somebody's problem on behalf of the people she represents.
[pointedly] Is that okay with you?

Ally: That's okay.

Murph: Step off, step off, Kristen.

Ally: It's okay with me. It's okay.

Brennan: She looks over at you and goes,

Lola: Hi, honey, you're one of the, what are they, The Bad Kids?

Fig: The Bad Kids, I gave you all of their pictures. I said "These are the
most important people in my life," pretend like you guys didn't hear that.

Lola: Fig, I love it, I love it, I love the whole adventuring thing. It's a
huge angle and, honestly, when we book the next tour, that's what we're gonna
sell, is this is someone who actually lives the life. This is someone who's
writing from a place of knowing. I love it, so you are Fabian Aramais
Seacaster.

Kristen: No, I'm not.

Fig: Try again, Lola.

Gorgug: That’d be crazy.

Lola: You are Gorgug Thistlespring.

Kristen: No.

Gorgug: We’ve— we’ve met.

Fig: Gorgug's in the band. We literally saw his face on it.

Lola: I understand. Look, it's been a long day, all right, the merch is in the
back, let us know.

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn walks over to you, Fig, sweeps you up into a
giant hug.

Fig: Hi, Mom.

Brennan: And gives you a kiss on the side of the head, mwah! She says,

Sandra Lynn: Tour was good, I watched every night that I could through the
crystal, it looks like you were killing it, sweetie, and Gorgug, you as well.

Gorgug: Thank you, I was.

Brennan: You see Jawbone looks over and says,

Jawbone: Oh, all right, hot shot, young miss hot shot. I'm glad you could show
up!

Fig: Be careful, I'm gonna offer to play karaoke for your opening day at your
house. Your housewarming party.

Jawbone: Oh, well, should we be so lucky. Well, all I know is this. Last one
to claim their room's a rotten egg!

Brennan: And you see that he gets up and starts to, takes a big box of stuff.

Emily: I Dimension Door into the best room.

Siobhan: I Misty Step in.

(all laughing)

Ally: You burn a spell slot?

Brennan: You guys both (poofs) vanish into the house.

Zac: I feel like he should get the master bedroom.

Fig: It's too late.

Siobhan: There's one with a tower, right? I'm going for that tower.

Emily: I'm going for whichever one has a fireplace in it.

Brennan: You guys, go ahead and give me, well, the tower, you spotted it
immediately, and if you're Misty Stepping there, Adaine, you see that the
tower is on some Doctor Seuss level stuff. It is propped up with stilts and
rafters and it actually hangs so that the top of the tower isn't even over the
main structure of the house. It kind of zig-zags up and off to the side.

Fig: That seems really nice and secluded, but I'm actually learning to open up
to people more, so I'll take one that's more central.

Brennan: There's a giant fireplace.

Adaine: When did you get rude?

Fig: What?

Kristen: Yeah.

Fig: I'm sorry, that was a genuine, sincere thing.

Kristen: I have a question about this whole tour bus. It feels like a lot.

Adaine: It feels like a lot.

Kristen: Are you, are you loaded? Do you really need a whole—

Emily: Brennan, am I loaded?

Brennan: As you guys ask that, you hear (poofs) and Arthur Aguefort appears in
his purple suit. He looks at you and says,

Aguefort: I'm afraid it's much more dire than that, young Miss Applebees.

Kristen: What?

Gorgug: What do you think she said?

Kristen: Yeah, what do you think I said?

Adaine: That was...a really nice try.

Aguefort: I'm afraid, young adventurers, that you are all loaded!

Brennan: Brrrring! And gold coins come out of his sleeves.

Kristen: Woah.

Brennan: You see— (Emily laughing) You see he says,

Aguefort: It took us the better part of the year, but we have finally
extracted the last holdings of KVX Bank and as the slayers of the mighty
dragon, you are entitled to a share of the wealth.

Gorgug: This is dire?

Kristen: What?

Aguefort: Yes, money corrupts, absolutely. Your souls are in jeopardy.

Kristen: Yeah, I don't want any of this money, honestly.

Aguefort: Too bad.

Kristen: Do you know how many people need food just in the swamps alone?

Adaine: You can spend it on food.

Fig: Kristen, what if you used that—

Kristen: Oh.

Gorgug: You could give it to them.

Kristen: Oh, right. I can be anti-money, but I can still accept the money and
make sure it goes to the right place.

Aguefort: I don't know what it is you think about swamps that people don't
have food—

Kristen: I did a trip. I did a humanitarian trip to the swamps over the summer
and I built homes, I gave out food. The homes did sink almost immediately, but
we are gonna go back for take two, build a home on top of the sunken home, and
that will probably prop the second home up.

Gorgug: That'll hold the homes up?

Kristen: Yeah, see, thank you.

Fig: You're building swamp Venice.

Kristen: I am building swamp Venice, yes.

Fig: Okay.

Kristen: Yes.

Aguefort: In any case, each of you is, as of today, it's finally been cleared.
The funds were transmitted to the Aguefort Adventuring Academy and now to you.
Each of you shall be the proud recipient of 20,000 gold pieces.

Kristen: What?!

Aguefort: You killed a dragon. You guys remember that? It was wild. I came
back to life.

Kristen: Okay.

Aguefort: Remember when all of the gold blew up out of the bank?

Adaine: Now I have 20,010 gold pieces, so.

Kristen: Yeah, exactly. I was just thinking that.

Aguefort: Very well. Now, you are minors, so I would recommend that you talk
to your parents about the most responsible way to spend this money, putting it
into the bank, et cetera. However, are Mr. Gukgak and Mr. Seacaster here?
Their funds have also been transmitted.

Fig: No, they're probably hanging out somewhere.

Kristen: They decided not to help move.

Brennan: With that, I also wanted to say, in addition to you guys getting
treasure for your last kill, because we are now moving to a livestream game of
D&D where we're gonna be here every week playing together, we are moving away
from milestone and back to experience point play. Everyone's going to get for
3000 experience points for defeating Kalvaxus—

Ally: What?

Brennan: Which I believe should bring you to, unless I'm much mistaken, 37,000
experience points? So look that up and make sure that I got that right. In any
case, as you guys are doing that--

Adaine: Professor, I was wondering if I could bring a emotional support
familiar to school?

Aguefort: Of course, absolutely. An emotional support familiar sounds like an
excellent way of bolstering your spirits while you are at Aguefort. What are
you thinking? Something sort of cuddly and soft that would make you, help with
your anxiety?

Adaine: Yeah, like a frog, I was thinking a frog.

Kristen: An emotional support frog, aw.

Fig: That's precious.

Aguefort: Well, my young friend. If a slimey, expressionless frog fills you
with a sense of wholeness and wellbeing, who am I, a man who regularly has sex
with a phoenix, to tell you that you're wrong?

Fig: What?

Aguefort: Extremely regularly.

Fig: Which iteration of the phoenix? Ash or the one that spreads its wings?

Kristen: Yeah, the ash.

(laughing)

Aguefort: I need to write something down. Very well, ahem. But, yes, we should
get Mr. Seacaster and Mr. Gukgak here to resolve that issue.

Kristen: That's daily, right? Very regularly? That's daily.

Fig: Anything more would require, well, spells, salve.

Adaine: His autobiography was very spicy, so at least daily.

Brennan: We cut over to the neighborhood of Ballaster. There is a short, four-
story stone building with some old, musty offices in it and a police car pulls
up outside. Exiting the police car with a box of stuff is Detective Sklonda
Gukgak, and with her, is her young son Riz Gukgak. Sklonda looks up. You
received word about your newfound financial situation earlier today, having
defeated the dragon, and, as a result of that, your mother, as a gift for all
of your hard work, has asked that some of that money you put aside for your
college education, but also your tiny apartment in Strongtower Luxury
Apartments has not been able to hold your conspiracy board for some time and
up two short flights of cracked, musty, character-filled, marble steps, is a
frosted glass door with gold lettering on it, saying "Riz Gukgak, Private
Eye."

Riz: It's beautiful, mom. I think I'm really gonna spiral here.

(all laughing)

Sklonda: That's not what I want to hear.

Riz: Just go nuts inside here.

Sklonda: I don't want to hear spiral. The point is for you to have a place
where work can stay so that when you go home, you can rest and eat and get
sleep.

Riz: I think I'm just gonna spiral here, Ma, but like in the romantic, kinda,
you know.

Sklonda: Look, you're 16 now. I have two short years to try and get some spin
on this ball that is careening wildly out of control. You are a good
detective. You cracked the case. There is a point to this. Look, the work of a
hero is never over and if you're gonna be an adventurer and investigator, you
have to find a way to pace yourself because if you burn out and then the next
apocalypse happens, you're no good to anybody. So let's use this office as a
way to prioritize workspace and work time and private space and private time.
Right?

Riz: Right.

Murph: I have a sleeping roll on my back.

Riz: Yeah, no, that's cool, yeah.

Brennan: You see that she goes and helps you carry your stuff up and you see,
it's like a classic detective's office. There's a little wooden desk with one
of those lamps that you pull that gold chain on for a receptionist. There's
one small office to one side that could be for a partner or could be for file
cabinets and storing stuff and then there's another one with a little window
and a wooden desk that you could put your feet up and have a cup of coffee.
There's a bunch of math department, sliding blackboards and then wheeling
corkboard bulletin things around here. Yeah, it's a whole investigator's
office.

Riz: So cool.

Murph: I start putting weird stuff up on the wall.

(Ally and Emily laughing)

Brennan: So you've been working for the better part of the year because you've
been waiting on clearance to basically get started, so you've been working on
the Nightmare King's crown investigation for a long time.

Emily: Can we say that I also privately hired him to investigate Porter, the
barbarian teacher?

(Brennan laughs)

Emily: So he has at least a commission?

Murph: I know so much. He just went to the gym, he has a family. Seems like a
really good guy.

Ally: It doesn't add up.

Brennan: You are welcome to give me an investigation roll for Porter if you
would so choose.

Emily: I paid him.

Murph: Ooh, 16.

Brennan: 16, cool. What are you investigating about Porter in general?

Murph: I am, I couldn't turn down the money at the time. I think I just
followed him around, like with binoculars, in a car.

Brennan: Okay--

Murph: And I guess I don't have my driver's permit, so I had my mom drive and
park the car, and then I would stay in her car.

Emily: I think every time you send me an update on the case, I'm always like,

Fig: You're fucking half-assing it, man!

Brennan: What you see following Porter around, basically, is, so your mom only
gives you 15 minute stints here and there

Murph: Right.

Brennan: He takes a lot of trips to Fantasy Vitamin Shoppe. He has—

Ally: A lot of protein powder.

Brennan: A lot of protein powders, a lot of supplements.

Ally: Some creatine.

Brennan: He takes a lot of trips to, he has a community gym that he's a part
of.

Murph: He keeps it tight.

Brennan: Keeps it tight. Where it's like they have, it's not just about
working out, they have a movie night where they watch a movie.

Riz: It's a real community.

Emily: Who watches a movie at a gym?

Murph: He just cares about the community, I don't, he seems a better than
average person, honestly.

Brennan: Incredible. So, you start setting up your office here. You have a ton
of Nightmare King stuff. I can give that to you, you can make rolls for that.
I can also give that to you more as you join up with the rest of the gang.

Murph: Yeah, I think I'm texting these guys and sending them videos and stuff,
just being like,

Riz: Ready to get back to work, gang! There's desk space for everyone!

Brennan: And from there, your mom goes to drop you off over at the new Mordred
Manor, the new place where Sandra Lynn and Jawbone and gang are gonna be
living. From there, we cut over to downtown Elmville.

(dramatic music)

Ally: Is there a Chipotle?

(Brennan laughs)

Lou: Fabian's at Chipotle.

Brennan: In a back alley with his letter jacket, eye patch, sword of the
Seacaster at his side, and the rumbling engine of The Hangman next to him,
Fabian Aramais Seacaster is approached, in the dark, near a small side street
by Seacaster Manor by a whistling halfling postman who comes up to you. As the
postman approaches, you see Bud Cubby look up and say,

Bud: Well, hey, there, Fabian, how's it going, pal?

Fabian: What's going on, Bud, how are you?

Bud: Oh, you know, I'm doing good. Daisy's doing great, she's been pulling a
couple doubles over at the diner, so that's great. Listen, bud, I got your
message and I did a little bit snooping here and there on the inside, I made
some copies of some top secret letters and stuff like that and so I got your
information from the state department, there was a fascist stooge who we found
some of his info and I'm happy to share that intel with you. Gosh, you know,
we would love a donation if you're able to. Just because, you know, we're
trying to get some more balaclavas and we're trying to get the encrypted
crystals and, you know, the whole nine yards.

Fabian: Bud, you know I'm all about the resistance. 100 gold pieces sound good

Bud: Oh, beautiful, that's great, that's generous. I appreciate it, bud.

Fabian: All yours.

Brennan: You toss 100 gold pieces his way and he hands you a dossier of elven
intelligence files. You've finally got a location. Aelwyn Abernant is being—

Lou: Oh, yes. Oh, this is the best first scene of all time.

Zac: You're writing that down on your character sheet.

Ally: You're writing it down—

Lou: It's okay.

Ally: Where it says flaws!

(all laughing)

Lou: This goes in flaws.

Murph: Accurate. Accurate.

Lou: I'm also going to write it again in ideals and a third time in
personality traits.

Ally: Giant letters, you write Aelwyn Abernant on your flaws.

Emily: I was gonna say you were doing it like this.

Lou: Scratch it into the rocks so it's never forgotten.

Brennan: You see The Hangman goes,

Hangman: Sire, we finally have the location of your beloved. She's in prison.
We can break in there and you guys can make out.

Fabian: Hangman, stop, all right, you're getting me all.

Hangman: You guys can make out.

Fabian: Well, yeah, of course we're gonna make out.

Hangman: Let me smash through the wall and you two can make out!

Fabian: Oh, I swear, Hangman, nothing gets me more revved up, huh?

(engine revving)

Yeah!

Ally: Is The Hangman 16? Is its soul also 16?

Brennan: The Hangman is thousands of years old.

Emily: This is inappropriate, Hangman.

Zac: So Bud is watching a 17 year old talk to his motorcycle about making out
with...?

Bud: Ah, gosh, young love, you crazy kids. Well, I wish ya the best, I really
do.

Fabian: Hey, thank you so much, Bud. I'm sure we'll be in touch.

Bud: Oh, absolutely. And, again, if you need any help breaking those people
out of prison, there are a lot of people in that elven prison that are
political dissidents that were arrested because they spoke out against the
powers that be and gosh knows we got a bunch of halflings with long, sharp
knives who would love to go and take 'em to task.

Fabian: Oh, I love to hear that.

Bud: All right, bud, you have a great day. Hey, give my best to the rest of
the gang. We all tuned in to Fig's show. We loved it, we had a great time.

Fabian: Incredible, right? I mean, she's unreal. And Gorgug, I mean, he's
doing it. He's doing it.

Bud: Oh, sure. He's on there, he's on the ones and the twos or the threes and
the fours.

Fabian: Who knows?

Bud: All the dang numbers. Ya know, I love it, okay, pal, well, you have a
great time, okay?

Brennan: And you see that he walks off down the alley. The information you
have says that Aelwyn is being kept in Calethriel Tower, which is southeast of
the elven capital of Stelamere, in the mountains, which is the capital of
Fallinel. So you finally have a name of the prison, you have an exact
location, which has been one of the big stumbling blocks up into this time,
which is that Fallinel's a huge country and she could have been in any number
of places.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: What's Fabian up to after that?

Lou: I think I'm headed to the manor. I don't understand why they wouldn't
just pay people to carry their stuff, but, whatever.

(Brennan laughs)

Lou: I'll go hang out and just dream about kissing my girlfriend.

(all laughing)

Murph: Fabian's a loser.

Lou: I'm not a loser, all right? I've made out with more people than most of
you guys, so.

Emily: That's not true. I make out with a dwarven doctor somewhat frequently.

Brennan: Yes, deeply disturbing. Now, so riding up on The Hangman is Fabian
and Sandra Lynn arrives with Riz as well. You also see that the two
Thistlesprings show up and they go,

Thistlesprings: Well, hi, there, bud. You were so great on the tour.

Gorgug: Aw, thanks, Mom, thanks, Dad.

Zac: I'm carrying a giant box of books that's just hurting my back so bad.

Brennan: This huge box, they're like,

Thistlesprings: Oh, well, let's give you a hand here,

Brennan: And you see they come and can't even reach the box.

Zac: I'm holding them up holding it.

Brennan: Yeah, it's just one in each hand holding up this stuff. You guys see
that a reeking, towering, stitched-together flesh gollum, sort of made
together of sewn-together body parts with a strange, bulbous eye, weird, green
alchemical beakers pumping fluid into his head, comes out in a snappy kind of
blue blazer and he stumbles out and goes,

Golsum: Hello, is this O'Shaughnessy-Faeth, the new owners of the house? I'm
Golsum, hello, I'm the proprietor of the estate. So happy to have new owners
coming in.

Brennan: And you see he introduces himself to some other people.

Fig: I'm Figueroth, I'm the daughter.

Golsum: Hello, hello, nice to meet you.

Fig: It's good to meet you.

Golsum: Hi, Golsum, pleasure. So, we're so excited to have you guys moving in.
I just want to show you some of the amenities now that you guys are here, show
you around the place. Again, this place hasn't had tenants in about 40 years.
It is severely haunted and I do mean that as a literal term, so.

Adaine: I'm actually really good friends with a ghost, so, I'm excited.

Golsum: Wonderful, wonderful. That's great, that's wonderful.

Riz: Is this a bad haunting or? Just like people who knock over books or?

Golsum: One man's tomato is another man's tomato.

Riz: So bad haunting, okay.

Ally: Can I--

Siobhan: Can I do an insight on him?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: 23.

Brennan: 23, he seems to be on the level. And you see that, in fact, Jawbone
comes over, and you see he goes,

Jawbone: Oh, let's go, get over here, bud!

Brennan: And gives him a big hug. You see Jawbone looks over and says,

Jawbone: You can imagine, it's kind of hard for a werewolf to nail down, you
know, a lot of banks won't let you take out a mortgage, so Golsum here, this
is one of the few properties that I could, you know, get my hands on, so.

Fig: I think it's smart to buy a fixer-upper.

Jawbone: I agree.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You guys are led through the property. You find your lofty wizard's
tower, which is great, 'cause you've been in a tiny little bedroom. It's a
perfect spiral staircase, where the spirals goes up, there's walls lined with
empty shelves, so it's like a giant cylinder of shelf space.

Siobhan: I'm Mage Handing books into it. I have very meticulously organized
boxes, so I know exactly where everything is going to go.

Emily: I'm trying to be more open with people in my life, so I think I'm just
gonna set up my bedroom in the living room.

(Brennan laughs)

Yeah, I'm just really accessible.

Brennan: Your bedroom, it's like a giant, plush velvet bed, near a roaring
fireplace, and just two large archways, 'cause this is clearly a public room.

Murph: I'm trying to get a drink and I have to crawl over Fig's bed.

Siobhan: Can I cast Enlarge/Reduce just to make it a little bit too small?

Emily: In my room?

Brennan: Your bed?

Siobhan: Yeah, to make your bed, like not so small that you notice that it's
smaller, but when you get into it, as a prank.

Emily: Sure.

Siobhan: No, I'm not telling you. Just as a prank when you get into the bed.

Kristen: What, why are you trying to be more open with people? What's this new
Fig?

Fig: Well, because I realized that I push everyone away. I didn't let people
in and I've learned--

Gorgug: I really feel like you let everyone in--

Kristen: You wore your heart on your sleeve.

Lou: All up in your business.

Riz: You always say, "I know I don't usually do this," but then you would pour
your heart out. We know you, I probably know you better than--

Fig: This is the power of friendship. You guys are telling me what I think I
want to hear, but I know the truth, I know the truth.

Adaine: We're not lying to you.

Kristen: You weren't a closed book. You were crying.

Gorgug: A fully open book.

Kristen: You were letting us know how you were feeling.

Fig: Thank you.

Gorgug: Does this mean I put the couch in a bedroom? What are we doing with
the couch?

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: I don't, I don't know. I think yes.

Riz: Put a dresser in here?

Brennan: You see the Thistlesprings are going around and opening up closets.
They have a bunch of weird contraptions. Closets are being opened up and weird
specters are like (gasping) and you see the Thistlesprings go (whooshing) and
just suck the ghost into a box and they're like,

Thistlesprings: We're gonna let these guys loose over in Cravencroft so
they're not causing any trouble or a ruckus to nobody.

Gorgug: It's very catch and release.

Thistlesprings: Catch and release, exactly, you know.

Riz: Trap, neuter, release the ghosts.

(Emily laughs)

Murph: I guess I should do, can I do an investigate check? Just kind of
walking around.

Brennan: Yeah. Give me an investigate check.

Siobhan: Oh, yeah. Can I look for any hidden passages or anything like that?
Oh, I got a nat 20.

Murph: I got a 24.

Brennan: Every single room in this manor has a secret passageway to every
other room in this manor.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Emily: Wow.

Brennan: The reason this house is, this house should be a quarter of the size.
Its bulk is accommodating all of the secret passageways in the walls. There's
far too many. And that's not even accounting the trap doors and secret
bookshelves. There's one grand piano that fully flips upside down into just a
bowl that holds the piano. It's not even for anything other than to flip the
piano and make it kinda disappear.

Emily: Okay, I move my bed into that.

Siobhan: That's cool.

(all laughing)

Ally: The piano becomes your bed? That's cool.

Murph: Riz tries to help you and gets trapped in the bubble for an hour. No!

Siobhan: That's so rad.

Brennan: Adaine's there. Tracker shows up as well.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Brennan: You see that Tracker goes

Tracker: Hey, Kristen.

Kristen: Hi.

Tracker: How's it going? I haven't seen you since we got back from the
mission.

Kristen: Yeah, how have you been?

Tracker: Good.

Kristen: How are you?

Tracker: I'm super good.

Kristen: Cool.

Tracker: Do we want to talk about, do you think they would, my uncle would let
us share a room here or is that weird to bring up?

Kristen: Yeah, I think we should, we're like adults, I think it's like—

Tracker: You're 17 now.

Kristen: Yeah.

Tracker: Like, yeah.

Kristen: We should, yeah, we should split a room.

Tracker: Is that weird? I just feel that's like weird or no?

Kristen: I always have a key to your place, so why not have it be a key to
also my place, you know what I mean?

Tracker: Right, yeah, exactly. And you crashed at the old apartment a lot.

Kristen: All the time.

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn sort of walks out with her bow slung over
her shoulder and says

Sandra Lynn: Hey, Kristen.

Kristen: Hey.

Sandra Lynn: Hey, sweetheart.

Kristen: Hi.

Sandra Lynn: So you guys, I have your rooms picked out. You're gonna be in the
southeastern wing and Tracker's gonna be up in the northwestern, okay?

Kristen: Okay, sounds good to me, yeah.

Sandra Lynn: Cool?

Kristen: That's great.

Sandra Lynn: We understand each other?

Kristen: I think that sounds so cool.

Sandra Lynn: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that Jawbone looks over and says

Jawbone: Hell yeah, hey, more fun when you're not supposed to. (laughs)
Jawbone.

Kristen: What?! Whoa, I, wait,

Ally: I pull Tracker aside, I'm like,

Kristen: I cracked, I'm sorry, I cracked. (Brennan laughs) It's just that
frequency of a mom's voice. You just want to be like become sexless, you know?

Tracker: I've been a wild child for the past five years and I don't put my
elbows on the table when Sandra Lynn's eating with us.

Kristen: Yeah, she just has that presence.

Tracker: No, for sure, 100%.

Brennan: What rooms, so you find this sort of--

Emily: The bubble, I live in the bubble.

Brennan: You live in the bubble. Adaine's in the wizard's tower. Does Kristen
look for a particular room in a wing of the manor or no?

Ally: Yes. I would love a room with a view (laughs).

Emily: The living room is open now.

Ally: 'Cause you're in the bubble?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You find, so there's two places. One, there's a higher bedroom that
overlooks most of Elmville. There's also an old, ruined chapel over in the
corner, which has a broken shine and some wreckages of old, stained glass
around this old stone chapel, which is pretty goth, but those are the two
rooms that are available for you in the house right now.

Ally: It sounds triggering and I'll take it.

(all laughing)

Ally: I'll sleep in the old chapel.

Brennan: Incredible. So you guys, Mordred Manor starts to come together. You
see a lot of the ghosts, when they get wind of what the Thistlesprings are
doing, just agree to be cool and hang out and, actually, Adaine, from up in
your window, you see, it's hard to see him in broad daylight, you see Zayn
Darkshadow, with his little ghostly Edgar on it, this little ghostly, goth
wizard elf with a little ghost box, a translucent ghost box, moving into the
smaller graveyard back over here. Jawbone's been taking care of Zayn. He waves
up to you.

Zayn: Hey, Adaine!

Adaine: Hi, Zayn.

Zayn: Could have called it, nice tower.

Adaine: Thanks, isn't it cool?

Zayn: It's awesome here.

Adaine: Do you want to see?

Zayn: Yeah!

Adaine: Can you come up?

Brennan: He goes (gasps). Well, he puts his stuff in there, his eyes glow for
a second and he says,

Zayn: Eternal shall I stalk the manor of Mordred.

Brennan: (poofs) And with a little blast of energy and he becomes anchored to
this house. And he goes,

Zayn: Sick!

Brennan: And then floats up and he says,

Zayn: Oh, it's awesome in here. Do I have the oracle's bidding to tread upon
her sanctum sanctorum?

Adaine: You may absolutely tread upon my sanctum sanctorum.

Kristen: Are you guys gonna do it?

(all giggling)

Zayn: No!

Adaine: Why are you in here?

Kristen: Sorry!

(all laughing)

Brennan: You see Zayn says,

Zayn: This is tight, this is cool. I really like it here.

Brennan: Zayn has become so much more friendly and bubbly since he became
undead.

Ally: Oh, yeah, 'cause it's like he wanted to be goth and now that he's dead--

Murph: He has ascended.

Ally: He doesn't have to try so hard.

Brennan: He's not a tryhard about it anymore.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Zayn: This is tight as hell. It's great for studying, but you got a bead on
the neighborhood.

Adaine: And the view is great.

Brennan: You see, he looks up at a sort of fallen, like where the roof has
collapsed a little bit, he looks up and says,

Zayn: Honestly, I wouldn't even cast Mending on that, 'cause that could be a
nice astronomy place, get a telescope in there.

Adaine: Mm. Yeah, I'm definitely gonna cast Mending on it, but--

Zayn: Yeah, for sure, hey, honestly, your sanctum.

Adaine: But yeah.

Zayn: I hear you, I hear you.

Adaine: I just, rain.

Zayn: Yeah, for sure, I get it. But honestly, a little bit of rain, if the
rain came through and was sad and you could cross your arms and sit in it and
just be like.

Adaine: Right, yeah, I get it. But I feel like that's more your aesthetic.

Zayn: I'm gonna do that in the graveyard.

Adaine: Great.

Zayn: Yeah, for sure, absolutely.

(Emily laughs)

Cool, you see—

Zac: Gorgug just comes in with the couch.

(all laughing)

Gorgug: Is this the right?

Adaine: Why are you in here?!

Murph: Gorgug's the only one moving anybody-

Adaine: How did you get that up the stairs?

Gorgug: Is this not the? It took a while.

Adaine: Yeah, on your own?

Gorgug: Yeah, I mean.

Adaine: Do you want help? I can help you.

Lou: I come in behind Gorgug with just one book.

Fabian: I think this is, belongs to her. All right, I'm gonna go get some more
stuff.

Gorgug: So you're saying not in here?

Adaine: Thank you, but no.

Gorgug: Okay.

Adaine: That's the living room.

Fig: The living room actually opened up. So you can bring it there.

Gorgug: Okay.

Emily: And then real quick,I text Gilear and I say,

Fig: The living room is open, I put a trundle in there for you.

Brennan: He texts you back and he's like, he texts you back,

Gilear: Dearest daughter.

Ally: In a text?

Emily: So formal in his texts.

Gilear: I appreciate the offer. I will not be staying in the beloved home of
my ex-wife and her extremely personable new boyfriend.

(Emily laughs)

Gilear: I will remain here, in the garage of Hallariel Seacaster, where I have
been staying until I earn my place in her bed.

Fabian: It's honestly the only good thing about him living there is that he
hasn't earned and he never will.

Fig: You've gotta give your mom over, okay? You gotta give your mom over to
Gilear.

Fabian: I'm not, no, okay, did you hear yourself? Did you hear yourself when
you said it? I have to give my mom over to? That sounds awful.

Fig: Yeah, that was weird. It's really weird.

Kristen: You have to trade Gilear, though.

Fig: I'm sorry, I used all my eloquence for really good--

Brennan: You're carrying the largest bed and you're struggling with it on your
back a bit and suddenly it gets much lighter and you see Gorthalax with his
little coach whistle and cap, his Owlbears cap, and he says,

Gorthalax: Oh, hey, there, let me get the back for you, bud.

Gorgug: Awesome, oh, thank you so much. I'm pretty strong but I'm so tired
(laughs).

Gorthalax: Yeah, it seems you've been doing a lot.

Brennan: He comes in, he looks over, and he, unlike Gilear, is Mr.
Magnanimous, so he's like,

Gorthalax: Sandy, I gotta say, the place looks incredible. I'm so happy for
you and Jawbone.

Ally: She has a type.

(Brennan laughs)

Ally: She has a type. Gorthalax, Jawbone—

Lou: It's that voice. It's the voice.

Ally: It's the kind of gritty, bad boy.

Brennan: You see immediately, Jawbone and Gorthalax are in the kitchen just
hanging out and drinking very shortly thereafter. You see Sandra Lynn is
helping you set up your room in the piano room and she looks over and is like,

Sandra Lynn: I'm glad they get along but that, they don't have to be that
friendly, you know what I mean? Very—

Fig: I don't know, it could work out to your benefit.

Sandra Lynn: I don't know.

Brennan: You see a moment later, you see Jawbone comes over and he was like,

Jawbone: Gorthalax, that guy rules. He is a great dude, I love that dude, he's
really, we should have him over for a game night.

Brennan: And Sandra Lynn's like,

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, maybe.

(all laughing)

Adaine: Are we gonna have a game night? I love game night.

Fig: Me too.

Gorgug: Did somebody say a game night?!

Fabian: Did someone say game night?!

Brennan: It's a big old party. Tracker gets her room in another place which is
an old, creepy, like House on Haunted Hill sanatorium that you can chain
yourself and she's like—

Ally: That's hot.

Brennan: It's a very BDSM-y kind of vibe.

Ally: Yeah, we're gonna,

Kristen: Game night sounds fun, but I'm a little busy!

Brennan: You guys see that Professor Aguefort appears right as the pizzas get
here, so it's a big moving day, a bunch of pizzas arrive, you guys are chowing
down, having a great time.

Gorgug: You're not a pizza guy.

Aguefort: What's that?

Gorgug: You're not a pizza guy.

Aguefort: Me?

Gorgug: You're Aguefort, right?

Aguefort: Yes, that's correct. But pizza can happen if you wish for it, right?

Fig: I think he just arrived at the same time.

Kristen: He didn't deliver it, he just happened to get here at the same time.

Gorgug: He just always tries to trick us, so I was just--

Ally: Is that gonna be your thing this season? You're not a pizza guy, right?

(all laughing)

Zac: Hang on.

Brennan: So Professor Aguefort looks at all of you—

Ally: Roll for pizza guy.

Brennan: And says,

Aguefort: Well, why doesn't everyone here grab a slice and sit down with me in
the foyer? We have terrible business to discuss.

Emily: Can I do a perception check on this pizza?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Murph: Riz is already eating.

Emily: Well, I got a five.

Lou: Fabian takes all the cheese off his and is just dabbing at it with a
paper towel.

Ally: Oh, no, Mr. Macros.

Fabian: All right, it's important, all right? I have to keep this physique
tight for--

Kristen: For what?

Zac: It's a 14.

Fabian: Kissing.

Brennan: 14 perception?

Kristen: What?

Fabian: Nothing, nothing, what, I'm sorry, anyway.

Brennan: You see that Aguefort looks over to you and says,

Aguefort: Ah, I see that you have performed an act of transmutation, turning
your pizza into a thin, damp focaccia.

Fabian: I mean, you can call it whatever you want, all right, it's just, don't
need those unnecessary calories.

Aguefort: I can call it whatever I want. Children. Listen to me now. We have
finally been declared at peace. Solace and Fallinel have moved from armistice
to full peace, the war is over. A cold war though it was, the borders are once
again permeable and myself and the faculty have finished the legal matters of
clearing your wealth, so, as I've said, share of the dragon's hoard.

Kristen: We can move again? We can leave?

Aguefort: You may leave.

Adaine: Do I have to leave?

Aguefort: You do not have to leave. Although, I will say, of course, that the
elven government still desperately wants you back in Fallinel. Now.

Adaine: Well, they can respectfully suck it.

Aguefort: What's that? Respectfully what?

Adaine: Nothing, nothing.

Aguefort: Huh?

Adaine: Sorry.

Aguefort: If you've done a bit, I would like to be alerted to it.

Adaine: Next time, I'll tell you. Now it feels a little late.

Aguefort: Ah, except that perhaps it is never too late when you control time
itself!

(whirring)

Brennan: He rewinds, that exact moment happens, but he leans in to catch and
goes,

Aguefort: (laughs) They can suck it.

(all laughing)

Aguefort: If you feel queasy, I have reversed the flow of time to catch that
joke.

(Zac retching)

Ally: Pizza's everywhere.

Murph: Riz is also vomiting.

Ally: Just vomited pizza everywhere.

Murph: On Fabian's pizza.

Fabian: Okay, great.

Kristen: Wow, how many calories are in that?

Fabian: Zero, I'm not eating this (groans).

Aguefort: Now, for the rest of you, that has been cleared. As you may be well
aware, normally, a dragon's hoard would simply be collected and divvyed up by
the adventurers but because this hoard was hidden in a bank, that coward,
Kalvaxus, we had to go through a lot of legal red tape and eventually engage
the Seven Dark Executives of KVX Bank in mortal combat and by slaying them
all, finally release your funds into the school account, and cut those checks
to all of you. So, you are substantially wealthier. However! I would recommend
investing that money wisely, for, indeed, the quest of the crown of the
Nightmare King now unfolds before you. Yes, Adaine?

Adaine: Yes, if they cut us checks, why did you spew gold at us?

Aguefort: For effect!

Adaine: Oh, okay.

Kristen: I'm gonna tie 10% to the swamps. They need every cent that we can
give them.

Fig: I'd like to invest in swamp Venice, it sounds idyllic.

Kristen: Great, I'm doing 10%, I don't know what you want to do?

Fig: I'll do 10%.

Kristen: Great. I'll put you down for 10.

Fabian: I've got a money guy through my dad if anyone is trying to, you know,
diversify your portfolios.

Aguefort: I would recommend divesting yourself of that money as soon as
possible. The wealth, the filthy lucre of a dragon's hoard has been known to
drive adventurers mad. A little taste of gold can send one over the edge.

Fig: Is that a risk in giving it to other people then? Are we gonna drive
other people crazy?

Gorgug: I was gonna try to work on a van.

Aguefort: Cool.

Gorgug: And I was just wondering, is that gonna make me go crazy?

Aguefort: I don't know, maybe. The quest that lies ahead. The quest, my
children. The crown of the Nightmare King, as you are well aware, went missing
some time after the events of last year's cursed prom. Which, by the way, we
can now have again, because it was, you know, the prophecy already happened,
so that's fun. Point being that the borders are now permeable once more. I
believe that it's your quest, lined up, the Seven Maidens, of course,
including young Zelda, have adventures of their own to attend to, so I just
wanted to tell you that you have the funds now to finance your own
transportation for how you would like to go on this quest. You may also, of
course, conduct the matter of hiring hirelings, which we do love in classic
adventurer fashion, you know, people to tote your stuff around.

Fig: Oh, I've got a whole tour bus. We can use my tour bus.

Kristen: Oh.

Fabian: Oh! There you go.

Fig: It's a little flashy, it kind of announces us anywhere we go.

Kristen: Yeah, can we--

Fig: I obviously wouldn't hate that. I obviously think that's cool.

Ally: Can we cast Disguise Self on just the photo of you on the side of the
van?

Emily: Yes, I would like to do that and make it look like Goldenhoard.

Siobhan: I mean, it does have, also, your literal name on it.

Ally: Yes, that should be no—

Emily: Can we cast Disguise Self on my name?

Aguefort: If your adventure sees you remain within the boundaries of Solace,
then that tour bus should be no problem. If your tour goes farther afield and,
indeed, if the crown has been taken from Solace in total, I remind you that
the nations outside of Solace have not been exposed to our strange arcanotech.
If those peasants, out in their fields, in the dark realms beyond Solace, were
to hear you play rock music, think of what could happen.

Fig: Are you saying that my destiny is to bring rock to the peasants?

Kristen: No.

Aguefort: Your words, not mine, young lady.

Fig: I'm up to the task.

Gorgug: I just feel like it's not that, rock music, that's, I don't want to
speak out of turn, but it just feels like a thing a grandparent would say,
right?

Aguefort: What?

Gorgug: Just that--

Fig: Gorgug, we're in a band together.

Gorgug: No, that it's not that big of a deal.

Kristen: Yeah, I get what you're saying.

Fig: Okay.

Aguefort: Do you have any idea what happened in Solace when rock music was
invented? Do you have any idea what you're talking about?

Gorgug: I'm not sure, I never heard the story.

Aguefort: The first electric lute was invented 350 years ago. And when it was
first played, every single person of the 225 people in attendance, regardless
of gender, became pregnant. Do you understand the power that rock music
yields?

Gorgug: I didn't know that.

Aguefort: Do you have any idea?

Gorgug: I'm sorry.

Aguefort: Sometimes when you talk, it really pisses me off.

Gorgug: I've realized that. And it seems like a newish thing, but I'm sorry.

(Ally laughs)

Fig: So there was 225 immaculate conceptions?

Aguefort: In the same day.

Gorgug: Was their dad the flute?

Aguefort: Hm?

Gorgug: Was their dad the lute?

Aguefort: The lute?

Gorgug: Excuse me, the lute.

Aguefort: Conjecture holds that it could have been the bard themself or that
it could have been the lute.

Fabian: What did the babies look like?

(overlapping chattering)

Fabian: Did they have big, round bodies?

Kristen: Like a lute?

Aguefort: No, no. The children all looked mostly like the species of the
carrier, of the parent that took the pregnancy to term except for they had
awesome mohawks or long hair and some of them were born with denim jean vests.

Fabian: Like they came out of the womb?

Fig: No pants, just a denim?

Fabian: I mean, a baby with pants is a little weird, but a baby with a vest is
pretty cool.

Aguefort: And with patches on it already.

Fabian: Wow.

Kristen: Wow.

Fabian: Honestly, fuck the Nightmare King's crown, I want to find one of these
babies.

Aguefort: Well, you know, on their 18th birthday, they all ascended to the
upper planes.

Fabian: What?

Aguefort: It's rumored there is a 17th outer plane, beyond the 16 of the Great
Wheel, there is a 17th made of pure rock.

Gorgug: So there's about 250 adult babies flying around on rocks?

Aguefort: Adult babies, they're just adults. Babies grow up, Gorgug, be
reasonable.

Gorgug: I'm sorry.

Aguefort: Use your head.

Gorgug: I'm sorry.

Aguefort: Use your head.

Kristen: Wow.

Fig: Do they still have the denim vests?

Kristen: I'm sorry about him.

Fig: Do they still have the denim vests?

Aguefort: I don't think they fit anymore.

Fabian: Yes, is it like their skin? Does it grow with them?

Kristen: The vests grow with them.

Riz: No, they just had denim vests. It's not on them.

Aguefort: Look, I don't have the time to go through every piece of Solace's
incredible lore with all of you.

Riz: Read a book, guys, come on.

Aguefort: All of this is available in the library if you chose to crack the
books at Adventuring Academy and if you attended bard classes, this is in the
history of bardic curriculum. (Emily laughing) What's so weird about a baby
born with a vest with a mohawk?!

Gorgug: Well.

Fabian: Right, that's not the weirdest part, the other part--

Aguefort: 225 immaculately conceived babies grew up and went to rock heaven!

Adaine: They died?

Aguefort: I don't know how much more clear I can be.

Fabian: They ascended. It was the 18th birthday part.

Fig: It kind of sounds a little tragic, too, for the people that gave birth to
them.

Aguefort: Yes! Many of them were never okay again. There was no warning. There
was a rock show, a benefit, on all of their 18th birthdays. Did I mention that
not only were they conceived at the same moment, they were born at the same
moment.

Gorgug: Wow.

Kristen: Wow, this all checks out.

Aguefort: Okay, good.

Fig: Okay, I understand the power of rock now.

Aguefort: Good.

Fig: But I'm still gonna bring it to the peasants.

Gorgug: Well.

Adaine: So, if we leave Solace, do we have to then ride horses and stuff?

Kristen: Yeah, I was gonna say, should we have a covered wagon?

Fabian: Yeah, because I'm not leaving The Hangman behind, all right?

Aguefort: No, well, I think, generally, the Solisian council of relations
understands that there is a discrepancy. However, it is not uncommon knowledge
that our technology and magic far surpasses those of the neighboring realms,
so what I would say is this. There is a general rule to not (sighs) fracture
the domes of those that dwell in the lands beyond with how rad our whole deal
is. But you gotta do what you gotta do. So, at the end of the day, if you want
to bring The Hangman, go for it, all right?

Riz: They'll have to catch us first, right, Fabian?

(Brennan laughs)

Fabian: Yes, The Ball, that they will.

Aguefort: Remember, laws are a fiction designed to inhibit the powerful, so.

Fig: Riz, are you wearing one half of a friendship necklace?

Riz: It's just a necklace.

Gorgug: Is there another?

Riz: It's a regular necklace!

Kristen: It's Be Fri.

Riz: It's a regular.

Fig: Be Fri.

Riz: And it's not Christmas yet, so why are we talking about the other half?

Gorgug: What's the other half in your hand?

Kristen: It's not Christmas yet?

Gorgug: Why are you sneaking up on Fabian?

Kristen: It's April.

Fabian: Hey, what are you doing behind me, Ball, get off me!

Riz: Relax everyone!

Kristen: Hey, I think we should get outta here. We can finally leave.

Fig: Okay, you know what?

Adaine: Tonight?

Fig: I think--

Kristen: Tonight!

Aguefort: There is--

Fig: I'd like to commission some sort of animal.

Gorgug: Commission an animal?

Kristen: Like a painting? Of an animal?

Aguefort: I'm sorry, are you asking me to create a brand new, never-before-
seen animal?

Fig: Yes, I'll pay you gold.

Aguefort: Done.

Fig: Okay, yeah, instead of my tour bus, I think I'll ride a never-before-seen
animal.

Gorgug: A big horse.

Riz: Can we all ride on it?

Fig: You guys all have money, you just have to ask--

Aguefort: You're saying I need to use strange magic to create an animal
capable of bearing six people.

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: Into combat.

Kristen: It can be like a catbus.

Fabian: And a motorcycle.

Kristen: Is that copywritten?

Aguefort: Important question about this.

Fabian: Yes?

Aguefort: Are you going to be on the motorcycle riding the thing or are you
and the motorcycle both riding the animal together?

Fabian: I mean, if it's a challenge for you to create an animal in which I can
be on a motorcycle in the animal, you know, have at it.

Aguefort: Challenge accepted. I'm going to get to work inventing something
truly terrible.

Gorgug: So I'm just picturing a skin suit for a motorcycle.

(all laughing)

Aguefort: Now.

Fig: You can send the invoice to Lola.

Aguefort: Very well. Yes, I'll go through your agency.

Kristen: What's her deal?

Fig: I don't know, I'm trying to figure it out.

Kristen: I don't like these industry types that are kind of like (chatters).

Fig: She's very good at her job. I've seen her, people have tried to get
backstage before and she straight up killed them.

Kristen: She killed them? Because they were trying to get backstage?

Adaine: I mean, I've killed a lot of people and that sounds bad.

Fig: Yeah. I know.

Kristen: Have I killed anyone?

Adaine: Yes.

Riz: I did kill our football coach.

Gorgug: It was absolutely tragic.

Fabian: I still think about that. I have nightmares of The Ball standing over
Daybreak, just gun to, bam! It was just everywhere.

Gorgug: So our options are big animal that replaces a car. Never before seen.
Also, sort of an animal that holds a motorcycle. (Lou laughs) And I just want
to throw out, maybe, I don't know, maybe my parents could help us tinker up
almost like a disguise, kind of like a hologram-ish thing.

Adaine: I'm also fine riding a horse. I grew up in Fallinel. I can ride
horses.

Kristen: Yeah, and now that I'm gay, I would prefer a horse.

(all laughing)

Fabian: Is that part, is that?

Fig: If they're all doing horses--

Brennan: You hear Tracker upstairs go,

Tracker: Yeah, that's part of it.

Fabian: Okay.

Kristen: All the sudden, I got, in the mail, a sourdough starter, horse feed,
and really cool boots. Just really cool boots.  

Adaine: They are cool.

Kristen: Thank you, thank you, I wear boots. I had sandals on for a while,
that's why my dex is negative three, but now I have boots.

Fig: We should get a druid to awaken your sourdough starter.

Brennan: Professor Aguefort looks at all the rest of you and says,

Aguefort: However, I must end with a most dire piece of news. The crown of the
Nightmare King has indeed gone missing. An ancient and powerful artifact tied
to one of the most sinister and powerful villains the world of Spyre has ever
known.

Gorgug: Who?

Aguefort: Retrieve— what, who?  Yeah, the Nightmare King. The crown of the
Nightmare King.

Kristen: Gorgug, Gorgug.

Fabian: I don't know, he could have a name. I'm with Gorgug on this one.

Aguefort: This quest to retrieve the crown of the Nightmare King and return it
to the Aguefort Adventuring Academy matters more than you know. For not only
does its release upon the world represent a threat of a magnitude I cannot
describe, but also, it represents 60% of your grade.

Fabian: What?

Siobhan: I drop my pizza.

Aguefort: For the entire year.

Fabian: What?

Aguefort: Enjoy your spring break, students, for, indeed, your entire
sophomore year depends on it.

Brennan: (poofs) And he vanishes.

Kristen: What?

Gorgug: We've already been through over 60% of the year.

Fabian: This feels like quite a wrinkle, all right? I mean, I've been failing
all my other classes 'cause I don't go to them. I hang out in the parking lot
and smoke cigarettes.

Fig: Me too.

Adaine: I mean, I have 5.2 grade average so far, so I feel like if we do fail,
then I, oh, no!

Kristen: Do we just bring the crown back and we all get a good grade?

Adaine: I think so.

Fabian: Yeah, actually, you know what? I'm thinking about—

Riz: It's sort of a pass-fail situation, but—

Gorgug: Honestly, this seems like it could be good.

Fabian: Yeah?

Riz: Well, it's good for the people who didn't do any work. I worked a lot.

Fig: Yeah, right.

Riz: You went on tour.

Fig: This is gonna be awesome. Let's do it, guys!

Gorgug: I tried really hard.

Riz: You tried.

Kristen: I was gone a lot. But what I was doing was also part of my grade.

Adaine: Yeah, I feel like I also have been helping Riz with the Nightmare King
stuff because I love the library.

Brennan: Mm-hm. Yeah, and, actually, if you guys want to make some
investigation or arcana rolls, we can absolutely do that now.

Emily: Can I do some sort of, since I've been touring, have I heard anything,
any gossip around the Nightmare King?

Brennan: If you guys want to do some skill checks right now, because obviously
the trail went very cold because of these external factors, but now that all
that red tape has come undone and all these doors have opened, you guys
definitely have months of work with you, so I'm actually gonna say that all of
these rolls, because you've been doing it for months, roll with advantage.

Emily: I just got a nat 20.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Nat 20.

Siobhan: I got a 26.

Brennan: 26, great.

Murph: I got 27 on investigation.

Brennan: Whoa!

Ally: 15.

Brennan: 15.

Lou: What are you looking for?

Zac: I got a 14.

Lou: Investigate?

Brennan: Investigate, yeah.

Murph: I love Gorgug trying really hard.

Ally: So we've been stuck in Elmville, right?

Brennan: Yeah, you've been stuck in Elmville.

Ally: And, what?

(Lou laughs)

Fabian: Except you snuck out to the swamps.

Kristen: Except I have been doing a lot of humanitarian work.

Riz: You could have been killed, Kristen.

Kristen: I understand that, but what's more important, hm?

Fig: We should have a musical festival at swamp Venice.

Murph: What did we all get?

Brennan: Wonderful. Let's start with this nat 20 here.

Emily: Yeah, I got a nat 20.

Brennan: What type of information would Fig on tour have been looking for, as
it pertains to the crown of the Nightmare King?

Emily: I think I'm just trying to, I'm rubbing elbows with a lot of people,
probably a lot of influential people. I want to know what the hubbub amongst
the elite is about the Nightmare King and where the crown went. I think it's
like any time I'm at a party and someone says Nightmare King, I kind of perk
up and listen to it.

Brennan: Yeah. Whenever someone's talking about the Nightmare King, so, as you
can imagine, there's this giant forest, it's called the Forest of the
Nightmare King, you heard a conversation between some elves that come to a
concert one time that were old enough to have been around during the time the
Nightmare King was mostly active, which was obviously a long time ago. What
you hear them talk about is several servants of the Nightmare King. There's a
bunch of names that they drop. One of the names they drop is the Shadow Cat,
which doesn't seem particularly like meaningful to you other than they were
like the Nightmare King mostly didn't cause mass bloodshed, they were not like
Kalvaxus, they were not coming in and burning towns. A lot of what they did
was a more corrupting influence on the world of Spyre. So the stories you hear
of the Nightmare King is like there would be an academy of clerics that had
hundreds and hundreds of years of religious tomes and doctrines and night
would fall, something would happen in the monastery, and upon waking, the
monks would have scrawled on all the scrolls and either burned or destroyed
them, would have either disappeared into dreams. A lot of weird things where
all the children in the town would go (snaps) missing. Weird stuff that was
more horrifying than terrifying, if that makes sense. It was like the aims and
goals of the Nightmare King were always a lot more obtuse than Kalvaxus that
was like burn towns, get money. Right?

(Brennan laughs)

Lou: I'm about that.

Brennan: About that.

Gorgug: You're about burning towns?

Fabian: If need be. I mean, to get money.

Fig: Gorgug, we have a song called "Burn Towns, Get Money."

Gorgug: Oh, that's what that's about?

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: So you talk with them. I will also say that you would know for a fact
that the people that you've talked to, the Forest of the Nightmare King,
you've talked to a couple of people that are actually from towns and cities
that have venues where they would love you to come play. The Forest of the
Nightmare King is still extremely dangerous and covered in nightmare shadow
magic and stuff like that, but it wasn't always a corrupted forest and there
are efforts by, especially communities of wood elves, that are trying to go
and reclaim that. Your mom was from a group of diaspora, dispossessed wood
elves, that ended up living partially in Fallinel, but Fallinel is ruled by
the high elves, so there are always communities of more independent-minded
wood elves that used to live in the Forest of the Nightmare King and now are
trying to, bit-by-bit, reclaim it, although only the forest at the edge of the
forest is livable and survivable right now. So that's what you get from your
tours. It's less deep lore and more like you have a lot of social connections
that are all, you know of places to go and stay where you have friends in that
part of the world.

Emily: Cool.

Brennan: Did anyone get a 20 or above?

Siobhan: I got a 26.

Brennan: Cool. Info dump, info dump!

Lou: That's another one of this--

Emily: Info Dump is a song that we do.

Zac: But it's kind of about her dumping on info.

Siobhan: I feel weird telling you about this, but--

Emily: It's taking a dump in a library.

Siobhan: \--here are all my emotional feelings.

Brennan: Here's what you find with that 26, that awesome 26 arcana. You find
reference to the Nightmare King in a lot of tomes and books. The Nightmare
King is referenced in fae tomes as not being fae. They refer to him by the
name Rieashling Olc.

Siobhan: O-L-K, Rieashling--

Brennan: O-L-C.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: R-I-E Ashling, Olc, O-L-C is the name they give him. Although, you
can easily tell, I don't know if you speak Sylvan, but you're also doing
Comprehend Languages.

Siobhan: I do. I don't speak, I speak Elven, but I don't speak Sylvan.

Brennan: So this book was written in Sylvan.

Siobhan: But I do have Languages.

Brennan: Comprehend Languages?

Siobhan: I have Comprehend Languages.

Brennan: Cool, so you have to read that, 'cause at first it comes across as a
name, and then on second reading, you realize that it's also a title. It just
means, it means King of the Dark Dreaming, right? Now, what's interesting is
the fae give him a fae title but refer to him in a way that makes you think
they don't regard him as being fae. In undead books that he has reference to,
because a lot of the ways that he's physically described makes you think he
would probably be undead in terms of what he looks like, but the undead refer
to him as being fae. Which is very interesting to you, which also makes sense
to you on just a practical, magical level, because the Nightmare King tends to
work what you would guess is a lot of divination, illusion, enchantment magic
and most necromantic entities don't mess with illusion at all. They're not
about, most undead don't even sleep, let alone dream, right? The Baatezu, that
are the devils of the Nine Hells, you read some ancient historical texts from
the Blood War, which is the ancient war between demons and devils that is sort
of in the underworld, they refer to him as fighting on behalf of the demons,
of the tanar'ri. This entity has fought on behalf of chaotic evil entities in
the past, right? There is reference to him being a lieutenant of Kalvaxus and
one that was summoned by him. It seems like that in service to Kalvaxus, his
role as a lieutenant was never mustering forces, it was almost like he was a
consigliere. Like, in return for Kalvaxus bringing him into the world, he
solved a lot of spellcasting problems for Kalvaxus. Broke wards, did magic
stuff. So it seemed more like a quid pro quo, like you bring me back to the
world, I'll take care of any arcane blocks that are in your way.

Siobhan: So he predated Kalvaxus, but then Kalvaxus brought him back?

Brennan: Correct. The last thing you find on that 26 is that the Forest of the
Nightmare King was originally called Sylvaire, a place ruled by a group known
as the Chord of Elders, which was the representatives of the four main
gatherings within the Forest of the Nightmare King, which were centaurs,
treants, sprites, and wood elves, and the fifth member of the Chord of Elders
was the Great Unicorn, which did not represent all unicorns, but instead was
just the eldest of their number and protected that place and was kind of the
defacto, the Great Unicorn was almost like a demigod type figure but that just
didn't receive worship. It was just revered passively by the people of that
land.

Emily: Where is Sylvaire now?

Brennan: Sylvaire became the Forest of the Nightmare King.

Emily: Okay, that's what I thought.

Brennan: 850 years ago, the Nightmare King took over after the Chord of Elders
was fractured in the last Sylvan War. So 850 years ago, the centaurs, treants,
sprites, and wood elves went to war against each other and during that chaos
shortly thereafter, the Nightmare King rose, took over the forest, and
corrupted it.

Siobhan: So are the treants, sprites, and centaurs still in the Forest of the
Nightmare King?

Brennan: They are in a similar position to the wood elves where the ones that
survived left. We don't know what's happened to the ones within the wood. We
do know that a lot of things became corrupted. So there were weird, centaur
shamans and forests of animated trees, like evil, nightmare trees would show
up, and, of course, there were sprites and dream beings that were almost like
unseelie type fae that showed up on behalf of the Nightmare King. In the
cosmology of this world, there were not really dark fae. There were dark fae,
like fae of moonlight, fae of the night. But still benevolent. The first
really evil fae show up after the corruption of the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: After the Nightmare King took over the land of Sylvaire, that was the
last time a unicorn was seen.

Emily: I know what I want Aguefort to make me.

Aguefort: A pentacorn.

(Emily laughs)

Five times as powerful as a unicorn, with five horns and 20 legs!

Fig: You read my mind, Aguefort.

Adaine: And you're gonna make this to make us less conspicuous than a tour
bus?

Aguefort: Was that one?

Adaine: Yes.

Aguefort: Was that a part of it? An invisible 20-legged unicorn.

Fig: So I just float through the air.

Kristen: But you hear (crunching).

Brennan: Riz, with that 27, here's what you know.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: The crown went missing from Aguefort's office at any time between
prom and 43, any time between prom, because you guys do remember seeing the
crown there.

Siobhan: Mm-hm.

Brennan: You were worried it could have gone missing before, but you guys
checked in with each other. It could have gone missing before. Could have gone
missing anytime between prom and 43 days later, at the beginning of summer
vacation when Aguefort noticed it was missing, right? However, the likelihood
is very slim that it went missing during those 43 days. Arthur re-enchanted
his office the night of the prom, when he was taking care of the feds that
showed up and yada-yada-yada, he went and put the wards and bindings back on
his office. Odds are the person that grabbed it was somebody who did it in
that window of--

Murph: Of on prom night?

Brennan: Of on prom night, during the fight with Kalvaxus.

Ally: Who wasn't at the fight?

Siobhan: Well, most of the students.

Ally: Remember that one dude who was by the food that we kept being like, does
he know any heals? Is he a med student?

Emily: You know who it is. The vulture who--

Lou: The vulture.

Siobhan: The vulture stole the crown.

Brennan: You were able to collect residue samples from the dust on Aguefort's
desk.

Lou: Wow, Riz.

Brennan: And run them through the lab. Your mom put them through the lab and
got you the kit back. The crown is a cursed magical object. So whoever did
take it would either have tried to return it directly to the Forest of the
Nightmare King or had a way of breaking a curse on themself, right? So, in
other words, if a schmoe took it, they would have immediately been taken over
by the thing. The type of magical object this came back as is called a
talisman, which is very similar to a phylactery that a lich would have, except
that talisman also obviously has a common parlance, some people just call
things talismans, right? But the technical terminology for it within the world
of Spyre is that a talisman serves a similar purpose to a phylactery but
rather than animating a lich, it takes an extraplanar being and anchors them
to a world to make them effectively, and for magical purposes, native to that
realm. So, in other words, if an extraplanar creature wants to be in the
material realm and doesn't want to constantly get banished or abjured or
warded, they can create a powerful artifact called a talisman that is almost
like a magical way of being anchored to that plane of existence so that you
can't necessarily get rid of them in those extra easy ways, right? So this
thing is a talisman and it's a cursed talisman.

Murph: Do we know, was the Nightmare King defeated? Like, how do? So Aguefort
had his crown.

Brennan: Correct.

Murph: Does he need his crown? Does the Nightmare King need the crown to live,
do I know?

Brennan: The Nightmare King needs the crown to remain here. So, with that
investigation check, and, also, this would only be a DC 15 arcana check, after
Kalvaxus toppled and Solace was created, all of Kalvaxus' lieutenants kind of
had to go into defense mode and probably about a group of adventurers,
including the people who, some of the people that had killed Kalvaxus just
went to the Nightmare King and were kind of doing a clean up mission of his
lieutenants. A very badly structured D&D campaign, they took out the big bad
and then kind of were like, well, this is lower stakes, but you don't have to
watch that campaign.

Siobhan: Yet.

(Brennan laughs)

Brennan: So they went and did clean up. The Nightmare King couldn't, in their
records, the Nightmare King couldn't be killed, but what they could do is they
managed to successfully do a complex, massive teamwork spell to dispel the
crown off his head. It was like a combination of Remove Curse, Break
Enchantment, a couple other spells had happened. They'd pried it off and after
that, when they killed him, it seemed that instead of dying, he just returned
to whatever outer plane or whatever transitive plane that he is from.

Siobhan: Is there any way of killing him or is he just always gonna be either
here and messing with us or living on this extra plane?

Emily: If we can get to his plane.

Brennan: That is an untried avenue. Now, what seems interesting about all
this, again, is with his crown out of the forest and kept safe, it seems like
whatever Kalvaxus did to summon him involved the crown bringing him back and
as soon as he's got the crown on his head, he's home free here. But when he's
separated from it, he's very weakened and can be killed, although it's unclear
how that killing could actually stick rather than just expelling him and
having him be unable to reenter this plane. So after his defeat, he was gone
and things didn't keep coming out of the Forest of the Nightmare King, but it
also is still a deeply cursed, dangerous forest, so it's like his presence is
still very much there in that forest, oozing out of whatever rift is there,
even though he's definitely not been, it's conjecture. Is he unable to show
up? Or is he just not showing up and this oozing eminence is because he's
sending his aura through whatever rift is there? It's unclear. That's the info
dump.

Lou: Fabian is full asleep. Fully asleep.

(Emily laughs)

Fully disengaged.

Zac: Gorgug's setting up the karaoke machine behind, with all the cords like,
that's crazy.

Siobhan: The drummer slash roadie.

Gorgug: I'll just handle it.

Ally: Would I have known anything in my time of being Helioic about the Forest
of the Nightmare King?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a religion check.

Ally: Yeah, sure. 13, 11. Live.

Lou: Live.

Brennan: I'm having a snack. What you would know about the Nightmare King on a
13--

Ally: 11.

Brennan: Is that he is included on lists of false idols, so like worshiping
him is a sin, But—

Ally: Same with worshiping—

Fig: Helio.

Ally: Caffeine. I mean, there's just so many false idols.

Fig: God bless coffee, thank God it's Friday.

Zac: It seems like every culture sort of sees him as not of their own and
possibly an enemy of them, like it's like maybe he's their fear.

Emily: But it seems that the fae and the undead and the Nine Hells have a
special place for him.

Ally: At the same time—

Emily: You are not of us. But we also—

Siobhan: He's our ally or our enemy but not—

Zac: The devil thought he was demons, the fae thought he was something else.

Brennan: Undead.

Siobhan: And the undead thought he was fae.

Emily: But I guess that makes sense if you're extraplanar.

Ally: Or if you're fear itself.

Murph: What was the timeframe of when our homes were attacked and the prom?
Was that the same day?

Brennan: That was the same day. So it could have occurred during that because
you guys didn't go back, you guys went from Aguefort's office to the library
where you met the old elven oracle, back to Goldenhoard's office, then he came
over the PA, then you guys went and had your scenes at your homes. It's been a
year-and-a-half of real time since we played this, then you guys went straight
to the gym.

Murph: Got it.

Ally: To work out.

Murph: Adaine. Do you think it's, you don't think your family could have had
anything to do with it?

Siobhan: With my family?

Murph: 'Cause they kind of disappeared the day that--

Siobhan: I mean, they'd already left by the time that we were there,
apparently, but, I mean, I don't know, I don't trust my dad but I've also
never heard him talk about the Nightmare King.

Brennan: Give me a raw intelligence check.

Siobhan: Intelligence, oh, with, 20, not nat.

Brennan: As you're saying that, what you're saying is true, your parents left
long before, 'cause Fallinel had declared war back when you guys were still
doing stuff at the arcade, before you guys went to prison. You remember
detecting a faint residue of teleportation when you drove by your house.

Siobhan: Right. Maybe.

Emily: Those elves that I head talking about the servants of the Nightmare
King, were they speaking with reverence, what was their attitude towards it?
Were they speaking in hushed tones, were they just gossiping?

Brennan: They were speaking with that overly performative confidence of people
who want you to know they're not scared. Does that make sense? Like, they're
in Solace, it's Solace, this is the place that makes adventurers, we're at a
rock show, we're VIPs hanging out with this young rockstar. It'd be like,
"Man, if I ever saw the Nightmare King, I'd," you know, it's like, you know?

Ally: When people are like, "I don't need therapy!"

Brennan: Yeah, Ally, a lot like that, yeah.

Ally: "I just work out."

(Brennan laughs)

Cross-branding, Ricky!

Riz: If we're talking about all of this fae stuff and everything and then
Adaine's family went missing around the same time, it could be connected,
maybe--

Fig: I know someone who's trying to find Aelwyn.

Adaine: No, no, no, Aelwyn is definitely not gonna help us.

Fabian: I mean, if there's even a chance that, you know, getting in touch with
Aelwyn might--

Adaine: I'm sorry, you think that Aelwyn will help us and not lie?

Gorgug: It doesn't matter if she wants to help us--

Adaine: She's a liar.

Gorgug: This is a lead.

Fig: I'll help you break into a prison.

Riz: You don't have to break in—

Fabian: Oh, hell yes!

Lou: I pull the dossier out and I slap it down on the table!

Riz: What?

Fabian: Guys, here it is! Let's go!

Murph: Riz looks really hurt for a second.

Riz: Fabian, you had evidence of something and you didn't tell me.

Siobhan: I Mage Hand to grab it and like--

Lou: Can I make an athletics check to grab it before the Mage Hand gets it?

Brennan: Just give me a straight attack roll, dexterity proficiency.

Lou: Dexterity profic, so what are you asking? Plus eight?

Brennan: Plus eight, yeah.

Lou: 13.

Brennan: Give me a dexterity-saving throw.

Siobhan: A dexterity saving throw? But it's Mage Hand, all right. Well, I was
too slow, that is a two.

Brennan: (whooshes) You grab it out of the air.

Fabian: No, no, this is very important to me.

Kristen: I think the people in the prison would love to hear about Yes.

Fig: I agree.

Kristen: Yes?

Fig: We could relocate them to swamp Venice.

Fabian: Oh, guys, I gotta say, I'm loving the energy in this room right now.

Riz: You know, there are murderers and stuff.

Fig: You know, Riz.

Kristen: Oh, please!

Fig: Look at this dossier, maybe I should have talked to someone else about
Porter.

Kristen: Hurt people hurt people, Riz.

Riz: He's a nice man!

Fabian: Hey, the Ball, I mean, I'm sorry, I just got this information today,
all right?

Riz: Takes time to gather information, but--

Fabian: Okay, well, I'll do that next time.

Kristen: Oh, I forgot I told Tracker to rig herself up to that side wall.
Should I go say bye to her?

Fabian: Oh, what are you guys gonna kiss and stuff? Are you guys gonna kiss?

Kristen: No, we kiss all the time, dude!

Fabian: Oh, man. I can't wait until I'm kissing all the time. Anyway.

Fig: Speaking of which, I gotta stop by the hospital.

Fabian: Oh, you getting your kisses in?

Kristen: Make a quick stop by the hospital for you to get your kisses in. My
sweet girlfriend is tied to a wall, I gotta go.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: What, hm? What?

Kristen: Oh, yeah, she's tied to a wall.

Gorgug: Probably gonna take me another--

Kristen: It's kid stuff. We're not vaping, come on.

Fig: It's like Twister.

Kristen: It's just like Twister.

Sandra Lynn: Hey, Kristen?

Kristen: Mm-hm?

Sandra Lynn: I love you and I'm so glad that you're gonna have your own room
here and a place to stay and I really mean it and, actually, to all you kids,
I know that, you know, it's been a crazy year. You had a crazy first year at
Aguefort. Couldn't be prouder of you all. And you're all welcome here, not
just the people that have rooms here, everyone is welcome here whenever they
want. You make a move for that room, it's trouble between you and me.

Ally: Can I cast Banishment on her? No, I'm just kidding, I'm just kidding.

(all laughing)

Emily: Guys, can I say something to just The Bad Kids?

Fig: What if we pooled our money together to get a little love pad in the
city?

Gorgug: A love pad?

Fig: So we can—

Kristen: So we'd all be there kissing at different times?

Riz: Why is everyone—

Fabian: Everyone goes in and takes their kissmate and they'll kiss and stuff?

Gorgug: That's disgusting.

Adaine: I have a tower, I'm fine.

Riz: Guys, there's so many cool adventures. Why does everyone care so much
about kissing?

Fabian: That's just 'cause you haven't been kissed, The Ball.

Kristen: Clearly you haven't been kissed yet.

Adaine: You've been kissed one time.

Fabian: It was hard, though.

Riz: Actually, I'm dating somebody in the Baronies.

Kristen: What?

Riz: Yeah?

Fabian: What, The Ball, you're?

Fig: What's their name?

Fabian: Yeah, who are you kissing, The Ball?

Gorgug: The Ball, you kind of looked at a map when you said that.

Fig: What's their name?

Riz: Baron.

Kristen: Oh, Baron from the Baronies.

Fabian: That's a pretty hot name for a girl or a guy.

Brennan: What are you guys, the pizza happens, karaoke happens, the movie
finishes. Gorgug, you get a little text from Zelda asking if you want to hang
out.

Zac: Oh, yeah, and just invite her to come over here?

Lou: Kisses!

Brennan: Zelda--

Emily: Little chicken wings.

Zac: Stop.

Ally: You're thirsty, man, you're thirsty.

Adaine: It's sad.

Ally: You're in a desert.

Lou: I'm just (laughs).

Ally: You're doing the chicken dance on behalf of someone else maybe kissing?

Riz: Fabian, you're really cool.

Kristen: What happened to Fabian?

Gorgug: This is reading very sweaty.

Kristen: You used to be so cool.

Adaine: Maybe you should find somebody else to kiss.

Riz: No, this is what we do, we get excited about stuff.

Fabian: I've been spending too much time with The Ball.

Riz: We go like this when we get excited.

Fig: You're doing a bad version of it. You're doing two different things.

Riz: No, this is what we do.

Kristen: Two very different animals.

Riz: We get excited.

Adaine: Fabian, you have strong Gilear energy right now.

Fabian: No, all right.

Kristen: Okay, raise your hand if you kiss on the reg.

Fig, Gorgug and Kristen raise their hands, Fabian does an awkward half raise

Gorgug: Wait—

Kristen: I doubt that.

Gorgug: You can't do that sideways.

Fabian: I will be here.

Fig: I would say I only do it once a month because I feel really morally
conflicted about it.

Adaine: It is not OK what you’re doing

Kristen: I have hardcore sex regularly.

Fig: Yeah, I don't do that.

Kristen: Somehow, I'm the one, I'm the sweet one with the heart of gold.

Fig: You're the one saying that.

Brennan: You see Zelda comes in and, as she normally does, gets immediately
kind of intimidated and goes,

Zelda: Hey, how's it going, guys?

Adaine: Hey, Zelda.

Kristen: Hey.

Fabian: Hey, Zelda.

Zelda: Hey, how's it going?

Gorgug: Welcome to the crib.

Zelda: This place is awesome, this is super awesome. Is it cool if Ostentatia
and Penny come by or?

Adaine: Yeah, we've just been doing karaoke.

Gorgug: I don't live here.

Fig: No, they can.

Gorgug: They can come?

Fig: Anyone who is a friend of the drummer is welcome wherever I am.

Zelda: Cool. Ostentatia's having kind of a hard time. She and Skrank broke up.

Gorgug: Skrank? Our bird friend?

Zelda: Yeah.

Kristen: She was dating a bird named Skrank?

Fabian: You remember, from the AV club.

Adaine: Yeah, from the IT club.

Kristen: Oh, right, Biz's friend?

Fabian: Yeah, Biz and the turtle person. That whole squad.

Gorgug: That's so sad.

Fig: Was it mutual?

Zelda: No. Skrank, he's kind of, I don't know. Skrank kind of ended it and
Ostentatia didn't want it to end and we're just dealing with it in the, I
shouldn't talk about my adventuring party outside of the adventuring party,
but--

Fig: Respect.

Zelda: Yeah. Skrank's interested in somebody else.

(all gasping)

Kristen: Who, just tell us.

Fabian: Honestly, who?

Ally: Can I try to convince her?

Brennan: Do an insight, yeah?

(Siobhan giggles)

Is that a nat one?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Is that a nat one?

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: You tried to pick it up--

Brennan: Skrank ran into you at a water fountain at school. Skrank's into you.

(all laughing)

Kristen: I, I just feel like I've been so clear with everyone. You know, you
come out and you have to come out with so much force and kind of all you talk
about is how gay you are for the first year, 'cause you're--

Adaine: And you got those boots.

Kristen: And I got those boots and I've just been making sourdough loafs, I, I
want you to know that nothing would ever happen between me and Skrank.

Riz: Kristen.

Zelda: Oh, it's not you.

Kristen: What?

Zelda: It's not you Skrank—

Fig: Who is it then?

Brennan: You see, she puts her--

Fig: I can take care of this problem.

Zelda: No, don't kill Skrank.

Fig: Wasn't suggesting.

Gorgug: I think she was gonna kill the person that Skrank likes.

Fig: No, I wasn't gonna kill anyone—

Kristen: Don't kill me!

(all laughing)

Kristen: We're in the same adventuring party.

Gorgug: Sorry, what were you saying?

Zelda: It's okay, I'd rather, I'm honestly,

Brennan: She starts blushing and is like,

Zelda: I should stop talking about it.

Adaine: Hey, Zelda, what's your final project this year?

Zelda: Oh, for us? We were gonna go back into the Red Waste because there's a
bunch of captured, there's different dragon eggs that were the offspring of
Kalvaxus, so they've just been sitting there and most of them are dormant so,
we're just gonna go grab the dormant ones and try and keep them somewhere
safe, so.

Gorgug: Cool.

Zelda: But it'll be good to make sure that someone doesn't bring back a spawn
of Kalvaxus and they're like I'm Kalvaxus Jr. and stuff like that.

Adaine: Right, and then he starts hitting on Fig again.

Kristen: Hey, when you're in the Red Waste, if you see any places that maybe
some homes could be built.

Riz: The Waste, Kristen?

Kristen: Let me know, 'cause that's something that I've been doing a lot.

Fig: Wow, Waste Venice.

Kristen: Waste Venice, I like this!

Brennan: You guys spend the rest of the night in celebration. When Zelda finds
out that you guys are gonna be maybe going on an adventure, give me an insight
check, Gorgug.

(Siobhan laughs)

Ally: Just seeing if that one was a seven.

Zac: 10.

Brennan: 10? Zelda gets a little bit sad. You guys have been kind of here, in
Solace. You guys had so much stuff that you guys went through in your freshman
year. The Seven Maidens have already gone off on a couple of field missions,
so she's been out of town a couple times, but something about when you're
talking about maybe leaving, she gets a little quiet, more so than usual.

Gorgug: Yeah, so, I mean, we'll probably be gone for a little bit.

Zelda: Yeah.

Gorgug: Is that... Is that okay?

Zelda: No, well, I mean, you're an adventurer so, you leave, I get it.

Gorgug: Well, you're an adventurer, too.

Ally: I'm trying to sign to Gorgug like,

Kristen: You gotta open communication, you gotta listen, and you gotta be
really—

Gorgug: You're talking out loud.

Kristen: What?! Oh.

Zelda: It's fine.

Kristen: She's mad.

Zelda: Like, of course, you're an adventurer. You're a great adventurer, you
guys got Kalvaxus. Like, of course, it's crazy to imagine that you wouldn't go
on an adventure. Do you know if, 'cause when we go, we don't have crystal
service--

Gorgug: Oh, really?

Zelda: Out in some of these places. Yeah, some of them don't have service, so,
but there's, I bought a generator so you can sometimes generate it or
something, just 'cause if you were gone, I would want to--

Gorgug: Yeah, maybe my parents--

Zelda: 'Cause I've made a point of really trying to stay in touch when I'm not
here, so.

Gorgug: Totally. I can ask my mom and dad and maybe they can help me figure
out a generator situation.

Zelda: Yeah.

Gorgug: I want to keep talking.

Zelda: Yeah, absolutely. I'm not worried that you won't, whatever. Pizza
(gurgling).

Brennan: You see she eats some of the cardboard off the box with it.

Emily: I hold up one of the Gorgug thongs from our merch.

Fig: (Mouthing) Do you want to give this to her?

Brennan: Zelda sees that and you see that her eyes spiral red for a moment.
She's like,

Zelda: Yeah, I saw those thongs. I saw some people throwing those up on stage.
Why would they do that? I'm gonna go outside.

Brennan: And you see she walks outside.

Fig: Was it not her size?

Gorgug: I don't, how do you, is there a?

Kristen: So you want to use I statements when you're talking to your
girlfriend.

Gorgug: Is there a label with size on it?

Fig: Oh, I guess it's just this thong is the size.

Kristen: It says thong: size thong.

Adaine: She doesn't generally wear pants.

Brennan: See a car trundle up to the house and Gilear steps out. You see—

Emily: I break out the red carpet.

Gilear: Deeply humiliating.

(Emily giggles)

Gilear: Children, hello.

Adaine: Hello.

Riz: Hi, Gilear.

Gilear: Fabian, your mother is—

Lou: I cock back.

Gilear: (mutters) Please don't hit me!

Fabian: What?

Emily: Introducing cat and new cat to each other.

Gilear: Your mother has told me that she is going to be at her scroll club for
longer than expected and I tripped and dropped my keys down a storm drain.

(Emily laughs)

Gilear: If you get (laughs), if you get free, could you open the garage for
me? I left some chili on a crockpot and I think the setting is too high and I
realize that I left some loose straw above it and if the chili dries, it could
start a fire.

Kristen: When you tripped, did you kind of stumble for a second or did you
kind of beef it?

Gilear: No, I was carrying an armful of skateboards and I dropped one and—

Gorgug: When you say chili?

Gilear: Mm-hm?

Gorgug: Is it actual chili?

Gilear: Well, I make mine with a healthy dollop of yogurt to start it off and
I find the culture, it's sort of a sour cream with--

Adaine: Is there not a lid on it? Why would it get dry?

Gilear: I broke the lid when I was getting the skateboards.

Gorgug: I don't understand, you have a bunch of skateboards?

Gilear: Well, a bunch of the dwarven youths skate by the house and they made a
game of taking old skateboards and throwing them at my head when I'm out in
the garden trying to relax.

Fabian: That's fantastic. I love to encourage them.

Gilear: It is deeply hurtful and ruinous to my mental and emotional wellbeing.
In any case, I also was told to come by and facilitate whatever tools you
would need to expedite your adventure. You have spring break, so time is of
the essence, I'm afraid.

Fig: All right.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: I guess the first thing's first, we have to hire people to, we need
hirelings and, I mean, I think I'm looking at mine.

Gilear: What?

Adaine: Wait, do we each get a hireling?

Fabian: Yes, is that how, I'm not sure that's how hirelings work?

Gorgug: Maybe you could just be our hireling?

Riz: You could drive for us.

Gilear: Oh, I don't know about that.

Adaine: It's spring break.

Kristen: You've gotta come, Gilear.

Fabian: Oh, I don't know about this.

Riz: Spring break with Gilear.

Fig: Gilear—

Adaine: Yes, that sounds great--

Fig: No one needs spring break more than you.

Fabian: Come on.

Kristen: Oh, Fabian, you missed it actually, when you were gone, Gilear
dressed up as you and it fooled me.

Fabian: Oh, I saw.

Adaine: Very convincing.

Fabian: I saw it on all the crystals. Everyone was texting him.

Kristen: Did you watch the live crystal of that?

Fabian: I watched the live crystal of it.

Gilear: Fabian, you must understand, I did my best to uphold your good name.

Fabian: Oh, yes, oh, talking about how much I love The Ball, how much me and
The Ball hang out, which is partially true.

Riz: Which is totally true, so it's weird that—

Fabian: It's partially true, but I don't like to put it out there in a big
way, The Ball.

Riz: Yeah, we keep it secret, man.

Fabian: Honestly, let's bring Gilear. I'd love to go outside of state lines
with Gilear, where things can happen and the government doesn't need to know
about it.

Fig: That sounds like a glowing recommendation, are you in?

Gilear: We live in a town filled with powerful adventurers. I am an anomaly in
that I neither can cast magic nor fight.

Fabian: Actually, this is great, because if something happens to Gilear,
something happens to Gilear. So, Gilear, you're coming.

Adaine: Or we could hire somebody useful.

Kristen: Let's just do both.

Gilear: Every side of this debate hurts my feelings.

Fig: Look, I need your experience, your experience as a lunch lad means that
you've made meals for us.

Gorgug: Gilear, hold this bag.

Brennan: He takes the bag from you.

Gorgug: I feel like you can do it.

Kristen: Wow.

Adaine: No, no, no, this can't be it.

Fabian: This has to happen.

Gilear: Unfortunately—

Siobhan: Can I look up hirelings?

Gilear: I am already employed as the vice principal of the Aguefort--

Gorgug: It's spring break.

Gilear: I've also just been fired.

Fabian: What?!

Kristen: What did you do?

Gilear: It says, "You are fired hereby immediately, temporarily, kissy emoji,
Arthur Aguefort.” He signs his texts.

Fig: Oh, he's doing it so you can come with us.

Kristen: Gilear is in.

Gilear: My life is a trap from which I cannot escape.

Kristen: We are all wildly rich now, did you know that?

Fig: Oh, yeah.

Kristen: It'll be you and a bunch of rich children. You're carrying all of
their things.

Adaine: We're only bringing lembas bread.

Gilear: I got credit card scammed again this week.

(Emily laughs)

Gorgug: Gilear, think about it.

Riz: You have to report that.

Kristen: Again?

Riz: You can't just let your credit--

Fig: I think it's the same people getting him every time.

Adaine: Also, change your pin number. We all know what your pin number is.

Kristen: One, two, three, four.

Adaine: Yes.

Fig: Yeah, you mouth it every time you punch it in at the grocery store.

Gilear: But it's hiding in plain sight.

Kristen: No.

Gilear: No?

Kristen: Sometimes it's just plain sight.

Gilear: I got pre-approved for a credit card on the street by a man with a
long black duster.

Adaine: No.

Gilear: He came up to me in the middle of the night. I woke up in a ditch
after getting hit by a skateboard and he told me I'd been pre-approved--

Adaine: Again, Crystal Media says that hirelings specifically are useful.

Kristen: I vote that we bring Gilear even though he can't really do anything,
but then we can maybe also ask Basrar?

Fig: Basrar, yeah.

Kristen: Basrar, right.

Fig: Or Jace?

Kristen: Or who?

Fig: Jace, the sorcerery teacher.

Kristen: Yes.

Adaine: Can we bring teachers?

Kristen: It’s spring break.

Brennan: You see Gilear speaks up and says,

Gilear: Potentially, you could bring teachers with you but, for the most part,
I think they will be busy with their own faculty demands.

Adaine: Can we bring Zayn?

Gilear: You are welcome to bring Zayn if he is able to leave these grounds,
but there is slight danger, also bringing a ghost with you will create some
problems in the places that you will travel to.

Fabian: Is there any cool people I've been interviewing for my crew?

Adaine: We're your crew.

Fabian: No, well, for side adventures, you know.

Gorgug: What about Ragh?

Fabian: Ragh might be dope.

Fig: What about Ragh?

Brennan: You see, he says,

Gilear: If you would like to enlist Ragh as a hireling, you are more than
welcome to do.

Kristen: I see Ragh a lot at bars.

Adaine: What about the turtle guy?

Fabian: Sheldon Turtleperson?

Gilear: Shelford Turtleperson.

Fig: What about the bird?

Gorgug: That's Skrank.

Gorgug: I don't know who--

Adaine: Skrank is very annoying.

Gorgug: We just heard a lot about Skrank.

Kristen: Yeah, true.

Adaine: Shelford's cool.

Fig: I like Shelford.

Gorgug: To me, I'm happy if we want Shelford. He's deeply insecure and I’m
wondering if that's going to--

Fabian: That's right, we had a big moment, yeah.

Adaine: We're in a group together and he's actually really been working on it.

Gorgug: Okay.

Brennan: Gilear looks and says,

Gilear: You're welcome to spend your own money on hirelings, but you should
actually know that the school will pay for your first three.

Adaine: Oh.

Gilear: So if you want to narrow it down to three, you won't have to spend any
of your own money on it.

Adaine: And can we bring other students or are they busy on their own quests?

Gilear: You're welcome to extend something to a student. Normally, in that
case, they would be paid out a share of any wealth as well, whereas your
normal hirelings, for example, any treasure you find on this adventure, I will
not be entitled to because I am a true hireling. A fellow student would be
entitled to a share, but if that's not a problem to you, then that's fine.

Kristen: What do we think?

Adaine: I mean, Basrar sounds very cool.

Fig: Or Bud.

Kristen: Bud!

Fabian: I was talking to Bud today. He might be down.

Gorgug: I'm trying to think if we know anyone--

Adaine: What about the skater girl?

Kristen: Oh, yeah.

Fabian: Yes.

Fig: Which skater girl?

Gorgug: One of the dwarf--

Brennan: Torek Railgrinder, who you guys fought at the Mithral Factory, is now
a freshman at Aguefort.

Fabian: Oh, very cool.

Fig: She's pretty rad. Yeah.

Fabian: I mean, I'm down. Bud could be pretty dope. I mean, I just feel like
he's ruthless--

Fig: I like his energy.

Kristen: Yeah, me too.

Fig: And he's a family guy, so I feel like I like that balance of ruthless but
also loving father, but also like ruthless.

Adaine: Do we want to take him? Would he want to be away from his government
job and also his children?

Gorgug: Oh, here's an idea. If he's available, Bud. Ragh. Torek. And then we
just, maybe, Gilear, we could pay for your meals.

Adaine: It's like a work-for-hire.

Gorgug: You basically intern for us.

Adaine: Yes.

Fabian: Oh, I actually love this.

Adaine: Vice principal lunch lad intern.

Gorgug: So we can pay them out.

Kristen: Yes. Hey, no, but you will be our rock star. Understand, you are
killing the game and you can ask us questions about anything and we'll answer
it.

Gorgug: Think about all the experience you'll get.

Kristen: We'll give you one spec script and one script, one sketch packet.

Adaine: You do need to have a car.

Kristen: Yeah, you'd have a car.

Adaine: That you pay for. And HBO.

Gilear: My car was repossessed by the rideshare app that I was working for.

(Emily laughs)

Kristen: So you rented the car through the rideshare app?

Gilear: No, I didn't read my contract very closely. It was my car and at the
end of my service with them, I had lost so much money on the rides that I had
given that they took the car.

Adaine: How did you lose money on rides?

Gorgug: I guess maybe you could just rent a car and then we could pay for it
then you could pay us back.

Kristen: Yeah.

Fig: How about this, I'm also rich, so I'll get you some really nice armor.

Gilear: What?

Kristen: Some really nice yogurt.

Fabian: Yeah, we'll just put you up in plate.

Kristen: That sounds like it, that's it, right? No, Basrar? I really like
Basrar.

Gorgug: I like Basrar, I’m just confused as to what he can do.

Kristen: He's so powerful now. We freed him from that curse where he could
only grant ice cream.

Gilear: Well, how about this. Not everyone will be able to say yes. So why
don't you each go ask someone, your list of people you ask can be a little bit
longer than the list of people that end up coming but we should plan on
leaving right away. There's a limited amount of time. Where do you intend to
go? What's the lead you intend to follow?

Fig: I think we're—

Kristen: You're the one who knows people in that direction.

Fig: Yeah, I've got some contacts up and down this town.

Riz: Are we gonna talk to Aelwyn?

Fig: I think we were talking about--

Gorgug: I don't know any other leads.

Fig: Breaking Aelwyn out of prison.

Adaine: You said that the Shadow Cat was one of his people, right?

Fig: Yes, the other lead is, we've got, I heard something about a Shadow Cat
as being one of the people that worked for the Nightmare King

Brennan: Give me an investigation check.

Fig: A servant of the Nightmare King.

Murph: 11.

Zac: Can I give you a help action?

Siobhan: I'm gonna actually give you my eight divination roll.

Murph: Eight? That's what I just got.

Siobhan: Oh, you did?

Murph: Oh, no, no, that was way better, 16.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Thank you.

Brennan: The name Shadow Cat triggers something in your head. It's not
something from your recent notes or anything like that, but there's some, it
does something to you, you're like, God, that name sounds so familiar. But
you're so deep in your current investigation that you don't know what that
could be.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: What's your current investigation again?

Murph: Plus eight, but I got a 16.

Zac: No, I mean actual investigation.

Brennan: Meaning the Nightmare King.

Gorgug: Of the Nightmare King.

Murph: Yeah, the crown, I'm trying to find it. I'm also curious about Skrank
'cause--

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: As a freakin' nerd, Skrank is very not cool and the fact that Skrank--

Emily: Broke up with Ostentatia.

Murph: Dated somebody and broke up with them—

Siobhan: Ostentatia's very cool.

Murph: Weird, yeah.

Emily: So, I want to find out who he has a crush on now and then disguise
myself as them and try and find out what's going on with Skrank.

Murph: That's a good idea 'cause the Nightmare King's crown makes people act
strange, so, I don't know.

Zac: Should I ask Zelda?

Emily: Yeah, do you mind?

Ally: Well, you guys were saying you're both in--

Siobhan: Yeah, we're in the AV club with Skrank.

Ally: You could go talk to him.

Siobhan: So maybe we can just go talk to him.

Brennan: Cool, so you guys are gonna go talk to Skrank at the AV club. Do
other people want to try to grab their hirelings?

Ally: Yes, I'll ask Basrar, I guess.

Brennan: Basrar, cool.

Lou: I'll ask Bud.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Do we also want to ask Ragh?

Lou: I'll ask Ragh as well.

Brennan: Cool, awesome.

Ally: Who else was there?

Zac: Torek.

Lou: Torek. I'll talk to Torek.

Zac: Do you want to talk to all three?

Fabian: Me and Gorgug'll handle the hirelings.

Emily: Gilear, we could always send Gilear to ask someone.

Lou: Gilear would make a mess of that.

Brennan: Cool, so we'll go, we'll go AV for the moment. So Riz and Adaine, you
guys roll over. It's the first day of spring break. There is a huge, crystal
LAN party happening at, happening over—

Ally: The new hourly?

Zac: So sick.

Brennan: You see that, indeed, also, they have crystals set up to broadcast,
it's like competitive play. So you see Skrank going (caws)

Skrank: All right, everyone watching, we're gonna try to do a speedrun of this
level, we're pretty excited.

Brennan: You see Shellford says,

Shellford: Uh, speedrun? More like (sighs) slowrun. Cha boy.

Riz: Right.

(Brennan laughs)

Brennan: You guys walk into Skrank's place. You've been over here a couple
times before. You see he gets up from his thing, he takes a little break and
goes,

Skrank: (caws) Oh, hey, there, how's it going, guys?

Riz: Hey, Skrank. So, what's going on? Spring love, huh?

Skrank: I think you're really handsome. I think you're great. I don't know if
there's something here between us, but I'm really flattered.

Riz: I meant, you know, kind of heard around the old rumor mill--

Adaine: Yeah, Riz has an unclarified boyfriend or girlfriend in the Baronies,
so.

Skrank: That's right.

Riz: Baron.

Skrank: Baron, how are things going with Baron?

Riz: Things are going good.

Skrank: Are they still from the Baronies?

Riz: Uh-huh, yep.

Skrank: Great.

Riz: I'm thinking about going out to the Baronies to see Baron soon.

Skrank: Cool.

(Emily laughs)

Adaine: We don't know how he met them because the, you know, it's been hard to
get out of Solace.

Riz: Pen pal.

Adaine: Oh, it's a pen pal.

Riz: And then once it opened, we decided.

Skrank: Great.

Riz: So, going pretty good over there. What's new with you?

Skrank: Well, LAN party. I'm a little bummed today. Kinda broke things off
with Ostentatia. You know, so that's—

Adaine: Oh, that's sad. She's great.

Skrank: She's great, yeah. She's really great.

Riz: But she's not the one and you're looking for the one?

Skrank: Yeah, well, I don't know. I just sort of feel like, you know. Things
aren't—

Riz: That's kind of what me and Baron have.

Skrank: Wow, congrats.

Riz: Yeah, thank you.

Skrank: Yeah, I don't know, I just sort of, you know, can I ask why you guys
are asking?

Riz: We just decided—

Adaine: We're just good friends.

Riz: Yeah, it's spring break and we're like AV club.

Adaine: Pretty rad.

Riz: Club.

Skrank: Yeah, no, right.

Brennan: He takes his wings.

Skrank: Yeah, well, you know, Ostentatia's great, but, I don't know, I was
sort of, well, I don't know. I'm flirting a little bit with, do you guys know
Danielle Barkstock?

Adaine: No.

Brennan: Danielle Barkstock is one of the other members of the Seven Maidens.

(all gasping)

Adaine: No, that's, that'll mess things up.

Skrank: Well, yeah, I don't know. Yeah, it's confusing, I guess, I don't know.

Adaine: Was she flirting back?

Skrank: Can I help you guys, what's sorta going on?

Adaine: No, we're just buddies hanging out.

Riz: Yeah.

Skrank: Yeah, I mean, I don't know, it feels weird. I know that she—

Adaine: How do you play video games? Because I was never allowed to do that.

Skrank: Oh, it's really great. Well, how do you play them? Well, there's, you
know, an interface, depending on the console, I'd be happy to show you.

Adaine: Sure, yeah.

Brennan: He goes and starts showing you how to play video games.

Murph: Riz is furiously shaking his head.

Riz: Don't get him started.

Brennan: Great. We're gonna go to, who's dealing with the hirelings.

Lou: You're going to see Basrar, we're going to see Bud, Ragh, and Torek.

Brennan: Torek, yeah.

Lou: Torek.

Brennan: Cool. So you go to Basrar's ice cream place. You see that Basrar is
there, genuinely very happy, serving ice cream to people. He goes and says,

Basrar: Ah, hello, Kristen. It is so good to see you.

Kristen: Thank you.

Basrar: How can I help?

Kristen: I want some sort of dark chocolate sea salt and caramel.

Basrar: It's so fun to do now that it's not the only thing I can do.

Kristen: Yes, I'm so happy.

Basrar: It's about choice, you know? Because I genuinely love to make ice
cream. But if I can only make ice cream.

Kristen: Yes.

Basrar: It's a prison of the heart.

Kristen: Totally.

Basrar: You know?

Kristen: Totally, yes.

Brennan: (whooshes) This dark chocolate sea salt caramel gelato shows up.

Basrar: Perfect. Please give my regards to young Adaine. I owe her my newfound
life. It is incredible.

Kristen: Yes, and on that note, I wanted to know, you know, now you have a
choice, you can move around, you don't just serve ice cream all the time. We
are going to go on a big adventure and we need people to be in our crew, so I
was wondering if you wanted to come with us. There would be me, Adaine, Riz,
Gorgug.

Brennan: Give me a persuasion check.

(Lou laughs)

Ally: What?

Brennan: Give me a persuasion check.

Ally: It's a 10.

Basrar: Oh, you are so sweet to offer. I so appreciate— I am sadly very happy
and busy with my ice cream parlor, now that I can really run it like a true
business and I have my freetime, I am part of a bocce ball league.

Kristen: Cool.

Basrar: Fun!

Kristen: Well, you would be carrying all of our bags.

Basrar: I don't want to do that.

(all laughing)

Kristen: Okay, great.

Basrar: I am a proud business owner and an adult man, but I super appreciate—
It's one of those things—

Kristen: And I get that.

Basrar: You know, I do understand the trope of you free someone from their
servitude and then they're like, wow, now I choose to serve you, but that's
kind of bull.

Kristen: Yeah.

Basrar: You know?

Kristen: Oh, I didn't mean to, I was just so—

Basrar: No, for sure, like, thank you for my freedom, now I'm going to use
that to live the life I want, you know?

Kristen: No, I understand, yeah, I get it. I also feel a little weird about
someone carrying my bag, so I kind of feel in that way, I might try to carry
that person's bag, actually, this whole trip.

Basrar: Well, if you'd like a bag to carry…

Brennan: (whooshes) and you see there is a scintillating, frosty, white-blue
pouch and as it opens, you see a perfect ice cream sandwich comes out and he
says,

Basrar: From this you can make as many ice cream sandwiches as you would like.
In good health, use them on the trip. This is my token to you.

Kristen: Thank you so much.

Brennan: So that's gonna have the same features as an ever-smoking bottle or a
bottle of infinite water, but it's ice cream sandwiches.

Ally: Ice cream sandwiches?

Brennan: So you can roll, put that in your inventory. We're gonna cut over to
Gorgug.

Zac: Holding on the back of Fabian's motorcycle.

Fabian: It's too tight, it's too--

Gorgug: I'm scared, what if I fall off?

Fabian: You're not going to fall off, all right, just be cool.

Gorgug: Hold tight as I can.

(Lou groans)

Brennan: Cool, you guys head over. They're actually at, it's spring break. But
they're over at a little clubhouse that's been built on the Aguefort property
grounds, which is the LGBT Student Union, so you see that Torek and Ragh are
actually both there hanging out, kind of putting up decorations, there's gonna
be a party tomorrow night there. So you come in and Ragh goes,

Ragh: What's up, cap, come on!

Fabian: What's up, good to see you!

Ragh: Good to see you, dude, what's up, bro?

Gorgug: What's up, dude?

Ragh: Yeah, man, I love it! What's going on?

Fabian: My good sir.

Gorgug: We have a offer for you.

Fabian: A big one. One of the largest offers you might receive today.

Gorgug: An absolutely huge offer, you might say.

Ally: You guys are both flexing.

Fabian: You might say that, indeed. Now, question is, are you into, are you
good enough?

Gorgug: Are you into adventure?

Ragh: I've been waiting for an Aguefort Owlbears three MVP, threeway makeout
sesh for longer than I can imagine and you guys finally got the nuts to come
here and make it happen, brother, let's go! Let's go, hoot, growl, hoot,
growl, hoot, growl, hoot, growl—

Gorgug: Hey, Ragh.

Fabian: We've got things twisted.

Gorgug: So a slight wires crossing.

Fabian: We would, you've been working out, I'll tell you that—

Ragh: Hell yeah.

Gorgug: And that sounds like a cool idea.

Ragh: I put on mass crazy fast. I have a hard time getting cut, but I put on
mass like crazy. So what I've been doing is I've just been putting on lots of
mass.

Gorgug: You put on 20 pounds this week, is that right?

Ragh: Yeah, 20 pounds this week, dude. I eat 10 steaks every hour on the hour,
dude.

Gorgug: That's awesome.

Fabian: Wow.

Ragh: Yeah!

Fabian: Incredible.

Ragh: I have to poop 13 times a day, average. Some days it goes up, most has
been 25, least has been 4.

Siobhan: I get an elven oracle twinkling and I text them

Adaine: Maybe we don't bring Ragh.

Fabian: The Bad Kids,

Lou: See that, after, I put my phone back.

Fabian: The Bad Kids need you now.

Gorgug: We need you.

Fabian: More than ever. We're going on a big adventure to recover the crown of
the Nightmare King and we want you, Ragh Barkrock, to be along for the ride.

(Brennan shouts)

Ragh: Brother, I am in. I'm gonna put my shirt back on. You've got Ragh, baby!

Fabian: All right, good. We're actually talking to other candidates right now,
but you are high on the list, if not number one, number two, so we just need
to finalize some things, but then we're gonna lock you down.

Gorgug: We sorta circle, we gotta talk to everybody, then we'll figure it out,
but we think you're great.

Ragh: Honestly, you know, last year, the guy I thought was my best friend that
I had a lot of repressed feelings for that Jawbone's been helping me work
through, he was my old adventuring partner, and I had a lot of love for him,
but he was a very bad person. He was also deeply hateful and a bigot and it
really messed me up and I have a lot of trauma that I'm working back through,
so I haven't had an adventuring party this last year, so, honestly, even being
asked, dude, tight as hell.

Gorgug: Awesome, hey, I just thought of something. This is, just out of
curiosity, do you remember, were you with them at all, the day prom happened,
before prom? Like you didn't see them go anywhere near Aguefort's office or
anything?

Brennan: Give me an insight check.

Zac: It's still what it was? That's a five.

Brennan: Five.

Murph: Ragh is your dad.

Brennan: We concluded this bit at the end of the last episode. You look at
Ragh with a five insight. With a five insight, you, your dad is Digby
Thistlespring, your biological father is Gorbag, we know this. You, with a
five insight, realize that Ragh doesn't know who his dad is and probably is
grappling with the possibility that he might be his own dad, and you've been
there.

Fabian: So we're just kind of wondering what you were doing--

Gorgug: Sorry, one second.

(Emily laughs)

Gorgug: Ragh. Just know. I really feel like I got a peek at something.

Ragh: What?

Brennan: Give me the insight check, Fabian.

Gorgug: There was a time in my life when I felt very confused about who my
father was.

Lou: 15.

Gorgug: And who it was was such a challenging part of my life that I was
looking everywhere and then at one point, I felt like I found a mirror and I
looked into that and I thought, for a second, that I was my own dad. And I
want you to know it's okay to think that you're your own dad. That's okay.

Brennan: Ragh starts crying. He gives you a big hug.

Ragh: It's so good to hear that.

Gorgug: Yeah. Because what, I mean, I don't know.

Ragh: Yeah, who knows?

Gorgug: If you don't know your dad, why can't you be your dad?

Ragh: Why can't you be your own dad?

Gorgug: Magic's real.

Ragh: Magic's real. You do magic to be your own dad.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Lou: I text Adaine back,

Fabian: Oh, yeah, yeah, maybe not.

(all laughing)

Brennan: With that 15, when Gorgug says, "I noticed something," you see a
brief flicker of paranoia or fear on Ragh's face, a little bit. That's all you
get, though. But Ragh says he's down. You see that Torek walks up, again,
Torek is long, braided blonde beard, she's got the shaved sides of the head,
sort of skater, punk-looking. She goes,

Torek: So, what, you're gonna take Ragh away from me, are ya?

Gorgug: Not necessarily because we--

Fabian: There's a chance, why am I acting so weird?! I was cool last year.
Sorry, I want to know if you want to come with Ragh on the adventure of a
lifetime?

Torek: Are you, you're getting your group of Bad Kids or what? You want to get
me on your quest?

Fabian: Well, we're looking for a couple of hirelings.

Torek: Do I look like a hireling to you?

Fabian: You're a freshman.

Torek: Oh, lad.

Fabian: You'd be very lucky.

Torek: Well, that didn't stop you then, did it?

Fabian: What?

Torek: When you were freshmen, you were running around and getting into all
kinds of scraps.

Gorgug: I don't know that we would have turned down being hirelings, no one
ever offered us of being hireling?

Brennan: Give me a persuasion check.

Zac: What's your persuasion?

Lou: Plus five.

Zac: Can I give you a help action?

Brennan: Sure.

Lou: That's gonna be 21.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Torek: Right, well, and this goes for Ragh as well. You know that we're fellow
students at the Academy, if they're brought on as hirelings, they get a full
share, so that goes for me and that goes for Ragh as well.

Fabian: Yes, we are aware of that.

Torek: All right, I'm in.

Fabian: Right, we're still looking at candidates.

Gorgug: We kind of have to talk to everybody first.

Fabian: So, we're gonna circle back, but you're definitely number one and
number two on our list.

Brennan: Cool, you guys split from there. You text Bud. Bud hits you back real
quick and you see he says,

Bud: Hey, bud, first of all, even with the encrypted crystals, let's not talk
business over text, and second, gosh, I'd love to help ya out, but I got my
kids at home, and besides, you know, think global, act local. I got enough
problems trying to take down this government let alone governments other
places.

Fabian: Word up, winky emoji.

Siobhan: Can I text everybody,

Adaine: I've been thinking about this and I feel like we should be thinking a
little bit more strategically about who we want to be our help person. For
example, none of us speak any of the languages of the Forest of the Nightmare
King, and while I can use spells to maybe do that at some level, it would
maybe be useful for us to have, for example, a wood elf to come with us.
Gilear is a high elf, right?

Emily: Is Sandra Lynn a wood elf?

Siobhan: Sandra Lynn's a wood elf.

Brennan: I believe Gilear is canon wood elf.

Siobhan: Oh, okay, so Gilear does—

Emily: Gilear speaks--

Siobhan: So he is useful, damn.

(Emily laughs)

Lou: Hell yes!

Brennan: Could be wrong, but I believe, no, because the Abernants, when he
went to your family's house, did not treat him very well because he was a wood
elf, not a high elf.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: So you see that, yeah, Gilear speaks Sylvan.

Fabian: Oh, yes.

Zac: What a point you've made.

Siobhan: Are there any—

Fig: Good point. Gilear is useful.

Siobhan: There any centaur students?

Brennan: Cool, so that's Bud. But you guys do have Gilear, Ragh, and Torek as
your three yeses.

Emily: I was wondering, if you guys feel like we should just leave this
mystery of what's going on with Skrank, we can, but I was thinking that, I was
thinking the bigger mystery is what Danielle is up to. 'Cause what's Danielle
Barkstock like? Is she kind of cool?

Brennan: She's one of the Seven Maidens. She's a half-elf druid.

Emily: It seems really weird that she would compromise her own thing, so I was
thinking I should go as Skrank to her?

Siobhan: Having a druid when we're going to a forest environment might be also
super useful.

Zac: But they're going to the Red Waste.

Siobhan: Right, but maybe is there, do we know any other druids?

Ally: Yeah, can I do an insight to see if I know--

Zac: Well, we know that stoner kid, but I don't think he's around.

Siobhan: Right, yeah. Also, he's not reliable.

Emily: Does anyone else think it's really weird that Danielle is flirting with
one of her fellow maiden's boyfriends?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: So I feel like we should maybe get to the bottom of that.

Murph: Fig, why don't you talk to her real quick, but other than that, I feel
like we have a good team here. I think we don't want to go too far out of the
family, as it were.

Zac: Yeah. I wonder if we should, yeah, do that, and I can ask Zelda if that
makes sense. Do you think someone is impersonating?

Ally: Yeah, you should probably tie things up with Zelda, probably, right?

Emily: Yeah, maybe just check in with Zelda about this Danielle Barkstock
thing.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Cool. You are here to go talk to Danielle Barkstock.

Emily: Well, I was thinking I would go pretend to be Skrank and see how she
responded.

Murph: I think that's smart.

Emily: Okay, cool. Yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a deception check as you walk up to her as
Skrank.

Emily: Okay, I have Actor, so I get advantage. Okay, 26.

Brennan: Cool. You see that Danielle is a lovely, she has a very soft, gentle
expression. She's a half-elf, she's got long, kind of dirty, either sandy-
brown or darker blonde hair that's tressed with vines and flowers, sort of
broad-shouldered, little bit taller, and you see that she's out on the
Aguefort grounds talking to her animal companion that is a young gray fox. But
you see that, as you walk up as Skrank, correct?

(Emily caws)

Brennan: She says,

Danielle: Hey, Skrank, how's it going?

Fig: [squawkily] Good, I'm ready to be your lover.

(Lou laughs)

Ally: What?

Danielle: Skrank, Skrank, you can't keep saying that. Okay?

Skrank: But you put out the signs. I thought we had something.

Danielle: Look, I've never had a boyfriend or had a kiss or anything like
that, but you and Ostentatia... (sighs) It's so stupid. I told her that I
liked you and she dated you anyway.

Brennan: Give me an insight check. You can roll with advantage.

Emily: 13.

Brennan: You suspect this is teen drama.

Emily: I turn back into Fig.

Fig: Hey.

Brennan: Make a dexterity saving throw.

Emily: 10.

Brennan: You are immediately entangled by vines. Danielle stands over you with
a staff.

Fig: So so sorry.

Danielle: This is so wrong!

Fig: So so sorry!

Danielle: You are a bad person! Do you sleep with an adult doctor? At the
hospital, that's the rumor.

Fig: Okay, look, the rumors are only partially true. I just go and I get my
kisses in. That's all.

Danielle: Gross!

Fig: I've never taken it any further. I just, it's companionship—

Danielle: You have totally--

Fig: Do you know how hard it is, to be yourself, to think anyone would love me
for who you really are? So, yes, do I take some solace in feeling loved as the
medical student that I'm not actually?

Danielle: You walked up to me, impersonating a guy who I'm in a really complex
situation with.

Fig: It's the only way I know how to interact with people emotionally, is to
be someone else. But, yes, I totally, I absolutely betrayed your trust.

Danielle: Okay, then we're done here.

Fig: Okay. I just, look, I'm gonna be straight with you, okay? And this is me,
now, as myself.

Danielle: Yeah, fully restrained by magic vines.

Fig: Yeah, uh-huh. But also restrained by my own internal vines that keep me
from other people--

Danielle: I so don't care!

Fig: I'm gonna get to the point. I was worried. Look, we all have our
missions, you know we're going to do our spring break missions, I was worried,
we were all really surprised that Skrank broke up with Ostentatia. I was
worried that maybe you were enchanted and a servant of the Nightmare King.
That doesn't justify what I did, I'm not saying that. That doesn't justify
what I did, but it does contextualize it, right?

Danielle: So because of the thing that you're doing that's got nothing to do
with me, you thought because my friend got dumped by a guy that I had been
mind-controlled by the Nightmare King?

Fig: Ostentatia's just kinda out of his league and so are you. So that's why
we were very surprised that he would be the center of a love triangle.

Danielle: Skrank's slept with a lot of people at this school.

Fig: Holy shit. What?

Danielle: Do you not know that? When Skrank was a freshman, he slept with a
senior.

Fig: And you're on me about having a fictional kissing relationship with a
dwarven doctor?

Danielle: I like Skrank! He's nice.

Fig: Okay, okay, okay. Look—

Danielle: I liked him before Ostentatia liked him.

Fig: Yeah, yeah, that's kinda messed up. I don't know, deepest apologies,
here's some VIP passes.

Danielle: I will take these.

Fig: Yeah.

Danielle: Thank you.

Fig: So you can bring anyone you want. Maybe Skrank, right?

Danielle: Okay, that, all right—

Fig: I'm good now, I'm good.

Brennan: You leave.

(Brennan laughs)

Emily: I text the group,

Fig: Strong talking to Danielle, she's gonna back down.

(all laughing)

Brennan: Incredible. That night, you guys are getting ready. You get word from
Arthur that your creature will be ready tomorrow morning, in time for you guys
to leave bright and early. Do you want to—

Zac: I guess, if there's time, to talk to Zelda, just...

Brennan: You send a text to Zelda. She peeled off after a little while when
you were going and doing your business. You send a text to Zelda, it's not
immediately returned.

Ally: Do you have read receipts on like a maniac?

Zac: I don't think I do.

Emily: I take off my Skrank costume.

Fig: Yeah, let's all go in one by one.

Brennan: Okay. So, yeah, it's a little bit weird, but you go to bed that
night.

Lou: Can I throw out one more thing before?

Fabian: I'm not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little bit weird about bringing
Torek, just because she's a 13 year old and is learning a lot.

Fig: Yeah, I could see that 'cause we might get into drugs and stuff and do we
really want to—

Riz: We're not gonna do drugs.

Adaine: I'm open to drugs.

Fabian: My maid, Cathilda, is pretty badass, she kicks ass.

Adaine: Oh, 'cause you want to bring your maid on a--

Fig: Oh, what about your mom, can we bring your mom?

Kristen: What is she like, what is she?

Brennan: You guys remember Cathilda, Cathilda is the halfling maid who gave
you all snacks when you stayed at Seacaster Manor. She also is a whirling
dervish dagger fighter.

Emily: Yes!

Murph: All right, that's fine.

Fabian: I'm 100%, I also, I'm not gonna lie, don't want to split that treasure
too many ways, like six is already a lot.

Adaine: Again, if we can maybe bring somebody who has any skills in the
outdoors, none of us do.

Fabian: She is a snack captain—

Adaine: No, no, no.

Fabian: Like number one, I mean, kippers on deck.

Adaine: Okay, but can she read maps?

Fig: Danielle's actually—

Adaine: Can she talk to trees?

Fig: Danielle's actually clear. I don't know that she wants to hear from me
again.

Adaine: Right, also, she is already in an adventuring party.

Riz: We don't know—

Adaine: What about your mom?

Lou: Can I text Cathilda?

Kristen: Cathilda or?

Brennan: Cathilda texts you back right away and says,

Cathilda: Master Fabian, I've spoken with the lady of the house and Hallariel
has seen fit that I would absolutely be allowed to take the time off.

Fabian: Hey, you guys, Cathilda is down.

Gorgug: Okay.

Emily: I would also like to ask my mom.

Fig: Mom, hey. I know you just moved in, bad timing but if you wanted to, you
know, hang out a little more than we have in the past, would you consider
coming along?

Brennan: Give me a persuasion check with advantage.

Emily: Nat 20.

Brennan: Your mom looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: You wouldn't feel embarrassed going adventuring with your mom?

Fig: No, I'd actually feel honored.

Brennan: She wells up with tears. She says,

Sandra Lynn: Well, I'll check with Baxter's schedule. I'm in. I would love
that.

Fig: Cool. I actually should warn you that Gilear's coming.

Sandra Lynn: Oh no!

Brennan: Cool, so give me your guys' three, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: So we could take Sandra Lynn. Wait, does Gilear count as one?

Brennan: Gilear counts as one of them.

Ally: Why are we burning a slot?

Brennan: You guys also have money, you can pay for more if you want.

Ally: Oh, we have a ton of money, let's bring more.

Zac: The only reason I thought Torek was good is just because she can heal.
Oh, yeah, she's a cleric.

Emily: I've got Healing Word.

Zac: You do have Healing, I forgot.

Siobhan: And she is rad.

Zac: Maybe we just buy Gilear a bunch of potions.

Siobhan: Oh, yeah.

Brennan: All right, guys, let's call it. What do we want to do?

Murph: Gilear.

Ally: How is he the top of the list?

Murph: Number one.

Emily: Gilear. Probably Ragh, right?

Zac: I kind of want to ask Ragh some more, so it might be good to bring her
along.

Murph: Saralynn?

Emily: Sandra Lynn.

Siobhan: Sandra Lynn and Cathilda.

Ally: And Cathilda.

Murph: Oh, and Cathilda.

Emily: That sounds good.

Murph: We going four.

Lou: All four.

Ally: So that's everyone but—

Siobhan: Gilear and then Ragh, we wouldn't pay but he gets a cut.

Brennan: Yeah, cool, so you get three hirelings and then you're cutting in
Ragh. Great, totally fine.

Ally: And not—

Brennan: Not Torek.

Ally: Not Torek.

Brennan: Not Torek. Cool, Sandra Lynn's great with Sylvan. Sandra Lynn is a
wood elf, speaks Sylvan, is a ranger, great with wilderness stuff.

Emily: I want to pledge myself to Jawbone and say

Fig: If I see any funny business between Gilear and Sandra Lynn, I'm gonna
make sure to put the kibosh on it.

Jawbone: I'm poly.

Fig: Cool, I'll tell Gilear.

Jawbone: Yeah, I guess if they're gonna fool around, just send me a text.

Fig: Okay.

Jawbone: Yeah, I mean, I've been very open with Sandra Lynn.

Fig: Great.

Jawbone: I'm very happy to be monogamous because that's what she's asked for,
but that's not how I swing normally.

Fig: Okay, well, I won't actively try to "Parent Trap" them is what I'm
saying.

Jawbone: Oh, sure. I mean, it's a big house. If Gilear wanted to move in,
let's get everyone to move in. Big old family.

Fig: All right, great.

Jawbone: Family's who you find, you know?

Fig: You rule, yeah.

Adaine: Do I get a vote on whether Gilear moves in?

(Emily laughs)

Jawbone: You do, but I hope that you'd vote with an open heart.

(all laughing)

Brennan: Mmm. Wonderful. You guys all go to sleep that night. I need everyone
here, so you're gonna have your creature the next morning. You have the
location of Aelwyn's prison, where you believe that there is information
waiting for you there about the arcane dealings of the Nightmare King and his
crown. You also know that Aelwyn clearly had information that KVX would have
had. She was working side-by-side with Kalvaxus for a long time and the
Nightmare King was his lieutenant.

Lou: It's a good lead, guys.

Brennan: You're gonna get your creature tomorrow, you have your hirelings that
you're bringing. I need everyone here to roll for me a wisdom saving throw.
Let me know what you get.

Emily: Oh, is this from the gold?

Ally: Or the house?

Murph: 14.

Siobhan: I got a 10.

Lou: 17.

Brennan: 14, 17, what did you get?

Siobhan: 10.

Brennan: 10.

Ally: 12.

Brennan: 12.

Zac: 13.

Emily: Five.

Brennan: Five.

Siobhan: What did you, I mean, does it make any difference?

Emily: I rolled a three.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: And Riz, are you sleeping that night or do you go back to your
office?

Murph: I guess I'll go back to my office.

Brennan: I would like a charisma saving throw with disadvantage.

Murph: Yikes. That would be a three.

Brennan: And you got what?

Emily: Five.

Brennan: The next morning comes. You awaken in your lovely new oracle's tower.
You have a lovely night. You have some strange, you rolled a 10, right? You
have some dreams of a choppy ocean and a couple dreams of drowning. Fabian,
what'd you roll again?

Lou: 17.

Siobhan: I prep Water-Breathing.

Brennan: You have dreams of a, not anything too upsetting, but you have dreams
of an engine underneath you and being in total darkness with the sensation of
falling astride The Hangman into nothingness.

Ally: 12.

Brennan: 12\. You are standing in a room with blank sheets of paper trying to
draw the face of someone that you know and you can't draw their face. Over and
over again.

Emily: Oh my god.

Zac: 13.

Brennan: 13.

Brennan: Gorgug, you're standing on a cliff overlooking a choppy sea, Ragh is
there. Ragh turns to you and looks at you and you see that his eyes are
completely covered in blood and it's oozing out of his face and down his
cheeks. He looks at you and says,

Ragh: Are you my dad?

Gorgug: No, but I get it.

Brennan: Riz, you are up very late working. Fig, you have a dream of glory,
fame ever-lasting and you feel, for a moment, a crown being put on your head.
Fig and Riz. The rest of you all wake up the following morning to get ready
for your adventure. Fig and Riz don't wake up at all. Tune in next week for
the continuing adventures of Dimension 20 Live, Fantasy High: Sophomore Year.

Siobhan: What?

Lou: Wow. Cool.

Murph: I died peacefully in my sleep?

Ally: What the fuck?

Siobhan: We just spent 10 hours talking about helpers.

Lou: I'm sorry, what? You're not gonna kill them.

Emily: Is this because I chose a bubble as my bedroom?

Murph: You suffocated in the bubble.

Siobhan: No, the bubble was rad.

Ally: Wow.

_____________________________________________________________

Captions extracted by: solsys

Edited by: solsys, gluegunshots, OliverC

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoywc-
egemhOW95l2DTtyhFDiwmAFxbf88VMrdagFD6i7xvdFrlyaVeUXCRHHCTzsAnuUUFq03g9ihQMpXM:0)

Episode 2: Mirror Madness

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 2: Mirror Madness

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vQ40U6l1M7kaYMVkk9lrdLJvOWPwUdl3heZFf5WhIsiJ0Vd_4qtFKWKAEGUb9MAfh2OGMNTZ3sssprK/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650508275159&usg=AOvVaw0edkHHBdaA8M4SEkcwU3T3)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRmzdO5IU1L_QoeGrh_SVZhrKt9v4LMchphzNd9-MgDS1JP7ZmAVRwMyjPR_2rDXBM1gMYdNOrU_tNz/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650508275591&usg=AOvVaw2qGjRqxgWSzHh2rFcRoPCJ)]
>

Brennan: Hello, and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live Presents: Fantasy High:
Sophomore Year! I'm your humble Dungeon Master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With us
as sometimes are a fraction of our intrepid heroes.

Ally: Horrifying!

Brennan: Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh my goodness. Well, you guys are watching the weekly game, here the
continuation of Fantasy High. If you don't know what that is, go to Dropout.tv
or go to YouTube.com and you can watch the entire first season of Fantasy High
right now! This is our weekly game with the Bad Kids, students at the Aguefort
Adventuring Academy. Last week, we established that they are off to retrieve
the crown of the Nightmare King. We began last week with something a little
bit more peaceful. We moved into Mordred Manor. Indeed, the school's guidance
counselor, Jawbone O'Shaughnessey and a border park ranger, Sandra Lynn Faeth,
have moved in together and given homes to some of our PCs, including Kristen
Applebees and Adaine Abernant, who now live at Mordred Manor, a spooky old
haunted house up on Haversham Hill and having a nice little life together
here. We also learned from Arthur Aguefort, the principal at Aguefort
Adventuring Academy that retrieving the crown of the Nightmare King that went
missing at the end of last season was gonna constitute 60% of your grade this
year. Eek! However, you had some clues, Adaine researched some lore, Riz
Gukgak, one of our missing companions, did some snooping around, and Fig had
heard some gossip on tour, all that sort of picked up some leads. Your most
promising lead was to make your way to Fallinel where the captured sister of
the elven oracle, Aelwyn Abernant, might have some clues-

Adaine: Or we could go somewhere else, that's also fine.

Brennan: That's also fine. You guys got loaded with some cash from defeating
Kalvaxus at the end of last season. You guys put a lot of work into discussing
which hirelings and companions you'd bring on your quest. And you guys went to
sleep knowing that on the morrow, you would embark on your wonderful quest.
Now, at the end of our very last session, I'm afraid it got a little bit more
troubling. Strange dreams haunted your nights. Gorgug saw your companion and
adventuring party member, Ragh Barkrock, eyes bloody, at the edge of a vast
cliff overlooking a stormy sea asking if you were his dad.

Gorgug: I'm not his dad.

Brennan: Fabian Seacaster fell into endless darkness astride The Hangman,
ringing of gold in your ear, [inhales evilly] the void yawning underneath you.
Kristen Applebees saw endless expanses of pages blank, trying to draw a face
you couldn't recognize. Adaine Abernant, not asleep but in an elven trance,
saw herself drowning in the sea. What Fig and Riz may have seen is a matter
truly not important at this time.

Siobhan: I feel that it may be very important.

[Ally growls in frustration]

Brennan: Ohhhhh, maybe you feel that way, but… You might feel it's important,
but I'm afraid that for right now, that's a story truly for another time, so
instead, we come back to a lovely, sunny morning here in the town of Elm-

Ally: Don't you change the music like that!

[laughing]

Brennan: We come back to a lovely sunny morning in Elmville. Fabian, you awake
in Seacaster Manor. Your sheets and your wonderful wealthy but spartan, that
kind of minimalist rich kid room. Your giant computer screen. You're sweaty in
the sheets. Fabian, what do you do as you awaken?

Lou: Well, first thing that I do is I look over to the left side of my large
bed. And I say,

Fabian: Soon. Soon you will be filled!

Lou: And I get out of bed and I go,

Fabian: Cathilda, [clapping] today's the day!

Brennan: You see Cathilda opens the door, comes in in her little maid's outfit
and she says,

Cathilda: All right Master Fabian, it's delightful. I’d be so happy to go on
this adventure with you. Are we beginning now? Should I go and out of me
maid's outfit and ready for the journey ahead?

Fabian: Of course, I'm not gonna lie, I've never seen you wear anything but
your maid's outfit.

Cathilda: Well old Master Seacaster, rest his soul, wanted me to be uniform
when I was at work. But, I’d be happy-

Fabian: But you have other clothes?

Cathilda: Aye, I definitely do!

Fabian: And like normal people, not other maid uniforms, I'm assuming.

Cathilda: Yes, I do, I-

Fabian: Just like a t-shirt?

Cathilda: You're welcome to-

Fabian: You have a t-shirt?

Cathilda: Some, aye, I have a few t-shirts.

Fabian: Incredible.

Cathilda: Well, this'll be an opportunity for us to get to know one another,
Master Fabian.

Fabian: Wild, also I'm very hungry, so if you could make me, if you could-

Brennan: She reaches out behind the door to the hallway and pulls out a little
room service tray, takes the big silver tureen lid off and you see there's
sliced, peppered and paprika'd avocado on some rich, rustic grain bread.

Fabian: Ooh, yes.

Brennan: There's like a tall thing of like passion fruit juice. [laughing]
There's like--

Fabian: How many, how much juice is in a passion fruit? I mean, I feel like
you would have needed a lot of these to prepare this much juice.

Cathilda: Well, you can go out and ask Scurvy Pete.

Fabian: Scurvy, oh, is he the one who pulls-

Cathilda: Scurvy Pete's the passion fruit juice guy!

Fabian: Oh, fantast: you know, I've never asked, there's so many questions
I've never thought to ask, but since Papa passed, it's been, you know, and I'm
kind of a man of the house now.

Cathilda: That you are, well, I'll go and get ready and-

Fabian: Yes, go put on your big t-shirt or whatever other clothes you have.

Ally: Big t-shirt!

Cathilda: Oh, Master Fabian, this is going to be a delight, I'm sure.

Fabian: I can't wait!

Brennan: Cathilda goes and heads off, you get your breakfast, head downstairs.
As you get downstairs, you see wearing, your mother has taken to wearing a
series of grieving kimonos. So, she's in a black silk kimono that has a floral
pattern but it is black on black, so it's just a texture and a light
differential that lets you see the floral pattern.

Siobhan: So hot.

[laughing]

Lou: She's the hottest.

Brennan: You see that she reaches out, again, thick bags under her eyes, still
in the hangover that's now many months old at this point. You see that Gilear
is there. Gilear has got like [Fabian groans] a short sleeve plaid button up
and slacks. And you see that he's also got a lanyard around his thing that
says "Intern" on it. He's got a little pen behind his ear and a clipboard. And
you see that he has a little crystal attached to his belt in those like
middle-aged man pager kind of things...

Lou: Oh my god.

Brennan: ...with a surveillance that goes around to his ear, the little
earpiece things. You see that he's sitting there, having one hardboiled egg.
And you see that your mother is reaching out and sort of scratching under his
chin.

Hallariel: Oh darling, Fabian, my darling boy. How are you faring this
morning?

Fabian: Good, you know, some nightmares last night, but I'm sure it's normal
before a big adventure.

Hallariel: Did you have some terrifying dreams, my darling?

Fabian: Nothing that I'm sure Papa didn't have in his heyday. Darkness and
falling and the sound of gold and all those things that prepare the mind for
danger.

Hallariel: Ah yes, your father experienced tremendous night terrors for most
of his life. He had the most physically active nightmares of any man I've ever
known. He would leap from the bed, fully naked, slashing at the air. Would
fire his gun wildly in the room.

Fabian: I dream of having nightmares at the level of Papa's.

Hallariel: There is no man that will ever equal your father, Fabian. Except
one.

Brennan: You see Gilear kind of looks up and she says,

Hallariel: And I'm looking right at him, my darling.

Fabian: No, you're not, you're not.

Brennan: Gilear goes,

Gilear: Oh yes, of course, Master Fabian. Well, Master Fabian, I'm about to go
out on the coffee run for everybody-

Fabian: Good.

Gilear: Is there something you would like?

Fabian: [very firmly, aggressively even] Yeah, let me get a half-caf
macchiato. All right, and I want it upside down and I want it with two shots
and then I want them to take one shot out. If anything is wrong with it, I
will kick your fucking ass.

Brennan: Your mother [imitates drawing steel] puts a dagger to your throat.

Hallariel: If you're going to threaten someone that is a lover of mine, you do
it respectfully. Gilear, if you make a mistake on my son's coffee order,
physical violence will be visited upon you. Do you understand?

Brennan: He goes,

Gilear: Uh, none of this feels healthy, I'm going to adjourn to the local
cafe, I have to go a couple blocks over. The one nearby banned me because too
many of my debit cards failed. I will be back as soon as I can with the coffee
order. Fabian?

Fabian: Yes, Gilear?

Gilear: We're embarking on a journey together and it is my intention that I do
everything in my power to enable your heroic deeds. I appreciate the
opportunity, as again, I am unemployed, so.

Fabian: We're excited to have you, Gilear. I'll tell you, it's a dangerous,
dangerous world out there.

Gilear: I am completely unprepared for the perils at hand and am deeply
frightened. I will go get the coffee,

Brennan: And you see that he gets up and walks away from the table. Cathilda
walks back in. You see that she's wearing like a sort of light gray, very
comfortable looking sweatshirt and sweatpants and has chunky white tennis
shoes on. [laughing] And she's got a little aerobic headband.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: [claps] Awesome!

Lou: Wow! Wow.

Zac: She dresses like my actual dad.

[laughing]

Cathilda: Right, Master Fabian. All prepared and ready to go, then! This is a
delight. Oh, I'll go catch Gilear. I'm sorry, Mr. Faeth, I'd like to put in an
order for meself!

Fabian: Good, good.

Brennan: And you see she takes off. So your mother looks at you and says,

Hallariel: Well, my dear darling, bon voyage and I wish you all the best on
your first mission abroad.

Fabian: Well, it's time to write my name upon the world.

Hallariel: That it is.

Fabian: And you know, just to be clear, Gilear could die, you know, while out
and about and I just want to make sure you're prepared for that. It's just a
very real possibility.

Hallariel: If Gilear doesn't come back, I will duel you on top of Seacaster
Manor, to the death.

Fabian: [very quietly] Okay, okay. Love you.

Hallariel: I love you as well, my darling son. [blowing kisses] Kisses, have
fun on your adventure!

Fabian: Take care! [to himself] I'm going to duel my mother on top of
Seacaster Manor.

[Siobhan and Ally laugh]

Brennan: You get outside, The Hangman is just in the driveway [imitates engine
revving]

Lou: [rubbing his hands together] Aw, yes!

Hangman: Master, long have I waited to hit the old dusty once again.

Fabian: Ah yes, you know, we're going somewhere there probably won't be roads
and people probably won't have seen motorcycles, and that's a good thing.

Hangman: Let them see what they have never seen before. Let their fragile
mortal minds shatter against the chrome hull of my front wheel piece. [engine
revving]

Fabian: Bike, I love you like this, I really do.

Hangman:  I'm feeling it right now, for sure.

Fabian: Yeah, yeah?

Brennan: We cut over to the Thistlespring tree. Gorgug, you awaken from your
strange dreams on the cliff with Ragh, and you see indeed that your mom and
dad come in and go,

Wilma: Hey there, bud, breakfast in bed!

Gorgug: Oh hey mom, hey dad, I think I broke my bed again.

Digby: Oh, son, that's all right, bud, that's okay. Well, here, let's get it-

Brennan: You see they start to go and cast Mending and the big plate of
breakfast.

Zac: I'm just eating like 80 eggs.

Wilma: This is so exciting, now, that's real, wow. Are you excited for your
big, big journey?

Gorgug: Yeah, I am really excited. I had a kind of a crazy dream last night
where, I guess I saw Ragh on this cliffside beside an ocean and his, I don't
know if this is bad, but his eyes were gone and blood was coming out and he
asked me if he was, if I was his dad. So… Does, have you ever had that dream?

Wilma: I've never had that dream, bud, but I'll tell you what, you know, and
it's like I've always said, dreams are always significant because in this
world, magic is real.

Gorgug: Okay.

Wilma: Yeah, any dream you remember, I would talk to a wizard or a sorcerer
about. Every time.

Gorgug: Okay.

Wilma: It's never not gonna come up later.

Gorgug: Really, okay.

Wilma: Yeah.

Gorgug: I thought you were just gonna say maybe I had like dinner too late or
something.

Wilma: No, why, you had dinner with us last night.

Gorgug: Oh yeah, at 5:15.

Wilma: Yeah, for sure. No, dreams are deeply significant, magic is real, you
should take that very seriously.

Gorgug: Okay.

Wilma: Try to get to the bottom of that.

Gorgug: Hey, also, umm. I feel like Zelda's mad at me and I kinda don't--

Brennan: You see that your dad looks over at your mom, they both immediately
jump up into mom and dad pose sitting with their legs off the side of the bed,
kind of turning their full bodies over to look at you and they go,

Thistlesprings: Uh-huh, yeah?

Gorgug: I feel like she's mad that I'm going out of town, and I don't know, I
was trying to talk to her about it yesterday, but then she just hasn't texted
me back yet.

Wilma: Golly bud, well, I'm sorry about that. How does that make you feel?

Gorgug: It makes me feel sad.

Wilma: Well yeah, yeah, that is a little sad. You know, feelings are tricky
because they're always real but sometimes even though they matter and they're
valid and they're real, sometimes they're based as much on things that are
happening only in our head as they are things happening in the real world. You
know, Zelda looks at you and sees you about to go on a big trip with all your
pals and she's gone on adventures with her adventuring party before, but this
might be new to her and it might not be a reflection on you, bud. It might be
a reflection on Zelda being worried about the relationship, or maybe she's got
insecurities about herself. Does that make sense?

Gorgug: Yeah, I think that makes sense.

Digby: I think you're doing the right thing by trying to talk to her about it.
You know, because… Do you think that she's upset that you're leaving, or...?

Gorgug: I think that's part of it, I don't know that… Yeah, maybe she is
worried about, I don't know, that like, I don't know what's gonna happen on
this trip. I'm not saying anything like that would happen on this trip.

Digby: Oh, you think she's worried about infidelity?

Gorgug: No, I didn't mean that, but…

Digby: You think she's worried--

Gorgug: Do you think she is?

Digby: Well, she might be, you're a handsome young fella.

Gorgug: I don't know.

Digby: Handsome young thing, you're out there adventuring, you're
gallivanting, you know?

Gorgug: No, that's not where my head's at.

Digby: No, well, we know that's not where your head's at, but, you know, fears
don't always have to be rational, that's the thing about fears, you know? We
want them to always line up A to B with the real risk in the world, but fear
and risk, they don't always stack up in the same amount, and that's just part
of life. I will say this, you know, I hope you always keep your word and I
hope you never disappoint a partner of yours and if you've made a commitment
to a partner, that's your word and you have to be honest with them. If you do
commit an act of infidelity, you gotta wrap it up! Okay, because you start
sleeping around, one person becomes three, it becomes ten, and that's how
people get HPV, bud! That's how that happens.

Gorgug: Yeah. Well-

Digby: You know, most people have it.

Gorgug: HPV?

Digby: Yeah!

Gorgug: Oh, okay.

Digby: Most people have it.

Gorgug: I didn't know what happened in this conversation that made it go this
way.

Digby: Well, here's the thing. Just because you make one mistake, doesn't
mean, you know, I want you to make the rest.

Gorgug: Sure.

Digby: I want you to be faithful if that's what you've promised and that's the
agreement that you and Zelda have, you should be faithful.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Digby: Because breaking a promise is not nice. But if you do, you know, make a
terrible mistake and go back on your word, the least you can do is wrap it up
and if you do rawdog it, don't then go back and be afraid to tell the person
and sleep with them and now they're sick, too.

Gorgug: They're sick, okay.

Digby: That's how, the shame around STDs is how they spread. This is all in
the binder, you know? We have a whole chapter in the binder about STDs and the
stigma and shame around them and the fact that things like infidelity or
adultery come in and complicate the mix is a lot of how these diseases spread,
okay. The last thing we want is to have to take you to the clinic.

Gorgug: Can we, I gotta go, I think. I'll bring the binder--

Digby: Was this helpful? Please bring the binder.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Digby: Please! And show your friends.

Gorgug: Okay.

Digby: We have tried to show your friends the binder, I don't that you don't
like that or don't want that, but-

Gorgug: I just don't think you should bring it to other events.

Digby: We brought it to the Bloodrush game.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Digby: And that was wrong?

Gorgug: Well yeah, it was wrong.

Digby: Okay, all right, well, that's on us, I guess, and we're sorry.

Gorgug: I just thought of this, but you don't have any sort of cloaking device
or anything we can throw on our bus?

Digby: The last thing you want to do is try to cloak or invisibilize an STD.
If you start getting open rashes, open rashes-

Gorgug: That's not what I'm talking about.

Digby: -you get a wart or a boil or a cyst or anything like-

Gorgug: I'm not talking about that.

Digby: Again, shame is such a powerful tool of how these things-

Gorgug: Mom and Dad? Mom and Dad?

Thistlesprings: Yeah?

Gorgug: I'm not talking about that, I was wondering about, we're gonna be
adventuring other places and I'm trying to figure out how to mask our
vehicles.

Digby: Oh, sure, we could try to come up with, we could see if there's some
kind of cloaking device around, right?

Gorgug: Cool.

Digby: Yeah, keeping a vehicle secret can be really helpful in a covert
operation. Keeping a disease secret doesn't help anybody. Okay?

Gorgug: Lesson learned. Lesson learned.

Digby: Okay great.

Wilma: We'll get on that cloaking device!

Gorgug: Awesome, great.

Digby: All right. Remember, feelings! Kind of like STDs, right? You gotta talk
about them.

Gorgug: Okay.

Wilma: All right, bud!

Brennan: You head out the door of the tree. Kristen and Adaine are over at
Mordred Manor. Each of you guys give me a little d20 roll, we'll see who wakes
up first.

Lou: Ooh, it's a race!

Siobhan: 6.

Ally: 3.

Siobhan: Wow, what a win!

Ally: Race to the bottom.

Zac: One hand and two

Brennan: Adaine, you wake up, you wake out right around dawn, or you come out
of trance, I should say. You have a feeling, at the end of last session, you
rolled a 10 on your saving throw.

Siobhan: Yes.

Lou quietly pulls out a T-shirt and lays it over his torso.

Brennan: That was not high enough for the effect that was happening. But, you
are a full elf and you don't sleep. As you awaken, you intuit that. You go
like, something should have worked on me and didn't because I'm immune to
sleep effects. But something happened that should have meant a certain thing.
Oh, by the way, [gestures to Lou]

Ally laughs as Lou starts showing off the shirt.

Brennan: Burn towns, get money. If you guys haven't seen, for those of you in
the chat, [clapping] last week, offhand I mentioned that the modus operandi of
Kalvaxus, Emperor of the Red Waste, was "burn towns, get money" and it's a
shirt a week later.

Ally: Burn towns, get money.

Brennan: Honestly? So, what I would say is a hearty thank you to all of you in
the chat because that was something we did a bit about offhandedly, you guys
championed it in the chatroom so hard that it became a shirt less than 24
hours later.

Lou: You have power!

Siobhan: Having said that, don't try to game the system [laughing] unless it's
funny.

Ally: STDs, gotta talk about them! Our new merch!

Siobhan: Gotta talk about them! Wrap 'em up, bud!

Lou: A t-shirt a week, dude!

Brennan: Yeah, a little gnome saying, "Wrap it up, bud!"

Siobhan: I would like to cast Detect Magic. Will that give me some info maybe?
I have to do it as a ritual, so it's gonna take me 10 minutes.

Brennan: Cool, you take 10 minutes to start doing that. Umm, ba-ba-bum, you do
cast Detect Magic, go ahead and give me an Arcana check with advantage, if you
would be so kind.

Siobhan: Ooh, I got a 22.

Brennan: Powerful enchantment magic. Something along the lines, you think, of
maybe, the closest thing that you approximate it to that you've encountered in
your last year would be like a Suggestion or Command spell. Maybe something
even more powerful.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: But it didn't work because you were never fully asleep. But it might
have.

Siobhan: Ooh, I also cast Find Familiar last night.

Brennan: [whooshing] Appearing in front of you in a small circle of silvery,
elven runes on the ground, it manifests, first you think it's smoke, and then
you see it clearly from how it's behaving, it is instead very cool water
vapor. [gasps] It's water vapor and it gets more and more intense kind of
spreading across the floor but also pluming up in a little [imitates water
splashing] and then you hear,

Familiar: Ribbit.

Adaine: [delighted] Ah!

Brennan: And you see this frog is, I wanna say as close to spherical as a frog
can get.

Ally: [in approval] Yeah.

Siobhan pretends to cry tears of joy.

Brennan: It is a perfectly round frog. You've made something that is so
classic, that it's like, I'm trying to think of how to phrase it, it is so
archetypically a frog that it fills you with that feeling of like familiarity
you get from like, oh wow, a Coca-Cola bottle with the glass, it's the perfect
thing, it's like, oh wow, the perfect brand recognition of what a frog is
supposed to be just sitting there. It's got the cream green underbelly with
the brilliant lime green upper part and then the dark green freckles. Its eyes
are so large and the pupils are large with a lot of light spots on them so it
looks sort of like a chibi, little plush frog thing. You see it also, it
miraculously has a collar with a little name tag on it. The name tag, you see,
is blank at the moment and you can feel one last piece of the spell waiting
for you to name the frog. The collar around something that is almost the shape
of, again, a perfect spheroid just with big legs and little forelegs means
that the collar is almost around the widest part of the frog. But it is there!
And this little frog looks up at you.

Adaine: I will name you Bogariel Frogariel or Boggy the Froggy for short.

Siobhan: And I'd like to pull out of my Jacket of Useful Things some kind of
like, frog bag?

Ally: [laughing] A frog bag?

Brennan: You reach into the jacket, you pull out a frog bag which you see is
basically, it's like a transparent cloth, if that makes sense? Almost like a
textured plastic wrap of some kind. You see that it's got two segments,
there's like a water portion that has some waterlogged small sticks and twigs
in it, and then an upper dry portion that has some loose leaves and a little
packet of food in it. And there's like a little froggy door for it to crawl
into the water part and up into the other part. Your frog, I would say, is in
its round state about big enough for you to hold in your two hands.

Ally: Aww!

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: So the bag is a little bit larger, the bag is like a backpack sized
bag.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: But you see that Boggy jumps up and goes [imitates a tiny frog] They
go like, throat extends.

Adaine: Oh no, it's too much, I'm gonna cry, he's too cute! I'm too comforted
by my emotional comfort animal. I feel so supported right now.

Brennan: Incredible, you have your emotional support frog. You do immediately
feel better. Give me an Insight check, if you would be so kind.

Siobhan: 11?

Brennan: Cool. I'm gonna say that the DC here is 10 just because you're
getting insight into yourself.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: Boggy feels so good, and as you're holding Boggy, you see that your
shoulders relax and your jaw untightens. And you come into, as Jawbone has
often talked with you about, he's like, whenever you're feeling in your, you
know, Jawbone a million times has been like,

Jawbone: Whenever you feel trapped in your mind, the way to get out is through
your body. Relax your shoulders, breathe, try to relax your jaw.

Brennan: And you realize that your stuff had tightened up and that that dream
had messed you up a little bit. And I think there's maybe a realization or a
piece of information that comes to you, which is that a Nightmare King is
something that is rough to think about in terms of your anxiety. And I think
maybe as soon as Boggy relaxes you, it makes you recognize how unrelaxed you
were a moment ago. But, that realization is just a very minor, it just occurs
to you mentally in that moment and there is that thought of what awaits for
you in the forest of the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: Great, I take my meds. Every morning, take my meds.

Brennan: Your little alarm goes off on your crystal, and you take your meds.
And you have your, and Boggy is there with you as well. You see that as Boggy
jumps, again, Boggy is not a real frog, Boggy is a magic frog. So when he
jumps-

Siobhan: He's so real, how dare you! [laughing] Magic is real and so is my
frog!

Brennan: I should rephrase, he is not a natural frog from the world of nature.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Brennan: He is instead a magical mist frog and you see that when he does a
very long jump, he does, about midway through, transform into mist and then
reconstitute where he jumps to.

Siobhan: Sick.

Lou: Ooh.

Ally: That's real.

Lou: That's cool as hell.

Brennan: So he jumps, lands on your shoulder, where he croaks very peaceably.
Boggy chills you right the hell out because Boggy appears to have one mood
that you can see which is "happy to be here, gang."

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: He just looks around excitedly, taking in new information, and
doesn't seem to not just be very excited to be here and part of whatever's
going on.

Ally: Chill.

Brennan: You walk downstairs, Kristen, you awaken. What do you do as you
awaken?

Ally: I think I start writing in my dream journal. I've been trying to keep a
dream journal.

Brennan: Oh, as you awaken by the way, you see that Tracker is sitting on the
edge of the bed, putting sort of a bathrobe on and going over to a candelabra
to like take the secret passageway back to her room.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: She leans over, gives you a kiss on the cheek, says

Tracker: [whispering] I'm gonna try to sneak back before the grownups are
awake.

Kristen: Okay, definitely. Yeah, yeah, cool.

Tracker: How are you doing, are you okay?

Kristen: Yeah, I had… I had a crazy dream, but it was just like I couldn't
draw? I guess I didn't really think drawing was that important to me, but in
the dream, it was like, oh my god, I'm not able to draw…

Ally: I don't know what I was trying to draw, can I try to figure that out?

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Ally: Okay. Yeah! Ooh, nat 20! Nat 20.

Lou: It felt right.

Ally: It felt right, I dropped all my spells, but I did roll a 20.

Lou: I'm not gonna lie, I felt very confident about that being a nat 20.

Brennan: With a nat 20, I'll tell you right now. You examine the feelings of
your dream. You also have a very high Wisdom, so as you're trying to examine
it, you were trying to draw a face of a person you don't know. And suddenly
you realize the person you don't know, ever since you transitioned "Yes" to
"Yes with a question mark," you've been left in this position of doubt which
is comfortable to you because the whole point of Yes with a Question Mark,
which is like your new deity and your new interpretation of your faith, the
whole purpose of that is that doubt is fundamentally moral, it is good to
question things. However, your ability to not draw a face, you realize that in
that moment, what you were trying to draw was a face of familiarity and
comfort. With a nat 20, you might have been trying to draw the face of a god
or draw the face of something that you could worship. Again, with a nat 20
Insight, Yes with a Question Mark is powerfully virtuous. I think Kristen,
absolutely, we've talked about Kristen a lot, believes in the power of doubt.
But you're also realizing as you are facing a force that has to do with
nightmares, you realize how little comfort doubt provides.

Kristen: Hmm, yes.

Brennan: Tracker's looking at you and says,

Tracker: You were talking about this for less than 10 seconds, and I literally
watched your whole face change like three times in a row as you figured a
bunch of stuff out.

Kristen: I just like, you know how we, we worship Yes? You know, question
mark, and it's like we don't know, but the people who believe in Helio get to
go to sleep every night feeling safe. You know, I think there's a very real
moment for everyone who was raised really religious and then they say,
“Actually, that's not for me,” there's a really scary moment in the dark some
night where they're like, “God, I wish I had that still”. You know, and I
think… I think I just had like a nightmare about that. Did we like get a
patent or anything? Or can we still like change the god?

Tracker: What? Can we still change the god?

Kristen: Can we still change the god that we're worshiping?

Tracker: Kristen...

Kristen: Is there an edit button?

Tracker: Kristen, you want to edit your god of doubt because you're not sure
if doubt is the right thing?

Kristen: I just think, what if it was like a sun?

Tracker: [raises her voice] That's Helio, Kristen!

Kristen: Okay, okay, okay!

Tracker: That's Helio, look, I don't--

Kristen: I just think, what if there was a whole book written by people who
came before us and they were kind of like, "This helps us sleep at night." You
know, I'm doubting my doubt. There, I said it, I'm doubting my doubt.

Tracker: You're reverse engineering your way to the exact thing that you were
certain you needed to abandon!

Kristen: I know, and there's not really a space for me with Helio, I'm aware
of that, okay?

Tracker: You know that Helio would take you back in a second.

Kristen: Yes, but I would not be happy there. And Helio would be like, "You
need to marry a nice man." And that would be hard.

Tracker: I don't want you to do that.

Kristen: I want to marry you.

Tracker: What?

Kristen: I just, I mean, in the future, I mean in the future.

Tracker: How, when in the future?

Kristen: I'm just saying we need a little bit more certainty in our life.

Tracker: Kristen.

Kristen: So I'm starting that right now and I would like to marry you one day.

Tracker: That toothpaste is out of the tube.

Kristen: One day, I would love to marry you, I just think you have it all. And
as a matter of fact, I hate that I'm leaving you for this long and I… Do you
wanna come?

Brennan: She starts crying and is like-

Ally: I start crying. This is so gay.

Tracker: [through tears] I thought it was really messed up that you didn't ask
me and I just assumed that it was because you wanted me to stay here to like
run the church?

Kristen: [through tears] No, that's crazy, the church is a question mark, it's
like, no one needs to run the church.

Tracker: But no, it does! We've been doing it for months! Kristen, I still
believe in the goddess of the moon, I've been helping you with this because…
Because my goddess doesn't have any rules about worshiping other gods from
other pantheons. She is extremely open about revering other entities and
forces, but like, I have my own personal faith, and I've been trying to help
you because the goddess of the moon doesn't, is also an ancient religion and
is sort of established and doesn't need a lot, but like...

Kristen: I think just, I made, like questioning everything should maybe be
more like a practice and not like my deity. I think I just put it in the wrong
category. See, it's really, you don't just gracefully move from, you don't
just gracefully lose your religion. You just kind of fall out of the Uber and
give them a one-star review and you know that's gonna tank their career and
you got off at the wrong intersection and now you need to walk because your
phone died. You understand?

Tracker: Not, no, but I love you.

Kristen: I love you, too. Will you please come with us?

Tracker: Yeah, I would love that.

Kristen: Okay, I need to go convince everyone else, but I'm sure it'll be
easy.

Tracker: You can just like check in with them. If there's a reason they don't
want me, that's fine.

Kristen: Okay, yeah yeah, I'll check in. No, that would be crazy, we would
love to have you, I just was unsure if you would want to go on, like, my
homework.

Tracker: No, look, I dropped out of high school. But like, we should tell the
book club. We should tell, we've gone on a lot of missions! We've been helping
a lot of swamps!

Kristen: I don't not believe in it, I just think it needs a little bit more
substance, you know? My belief can't be that there is nothing to believe.

Tracker: Look, I won't lie. The thing I love the most about you is that you're
always on an adventure and the fact that most of it is in your own head is
beautiful.

Kristen: Thank you.

Tracker: I mean that. I really mean that.

Kristen: It is exhausting, but I think I'm gonna get there eventually.

Tracker: Look-

Kristen: It's the climb.

Tracker: I was bitten by a werewolf when I was 13 years old.

Kristen: Yeah.

Tracker: I got my first cleric spells the next time that the full moon
happened. All I have to do is spill blood, say the words, believe in the
rituals when it happens. And it's extremely primal, like my faith is mostly in
my body, it's physical, it's a part of me, and where and how it intersects
with my moral self is a matter of the stories and legends from my faith but it
also has so much flexibility that the questions that my faith can't answer I
can answer with you guys and the world and society. So it works for me, it's
very simple and it's toned down and it's something that I love and it gives me
a lot of strength, but like… I would go crazy if I was on the journey you're
on, so just, I wanna support you and I wanna be here for you and I wanna make
sure that you're not, that there are moments where you get out of your own
head.

Kristen: Yeah, totally. I think that happens. I can't name the times right now
when I'm out of my head, but I know it happens.

Tracker: I can get you out of your head.

Kristen: [laughs]

Ally: [gestures to Brennan] We fuck.

All: [burst out laughing]

Brennan: [claps] Yeah, you-

Lou: Yo, [lays hand on Ally’s shoulder] a fly flew into your coffee and I just
don't want you to drink it.

Ally: What?!

Lou: This was great, like this whole intimate scene was happening, and this
fly was just walking around your coffee and my greatest fear was that you, in
the middle of the scene, were just gonna go… [pretends to sip] And I was gonna
have to know.

Ally: Protein!

Lou: Is it gone?

Ally: I don't see it,

Lou: Okay, thank god.

Ally: But it is coffee, so...

Lou: Anyway, they fuck?

Ally: It's in a little bikini!

Brennan: Fabian and Gorgug, you guys arrive at Mordred Manor.

Gorgug: Is Gilear here?

Fabian: He's getting coffee, he'll be here soon.

Gorgug: Can he put in my order?

Fabian: Yeah, I'll text him, what did you want?

Gorgug: Can I get a hot chocolate with a shot of decaf?

Fabian: Uh-huh. Uh-huh.And if he gets anything wrong, I'm gonna threaten to
enact physical violence on him.

Gorgug: Oh, okay, you don't have to--

Fabian: I just have to say it that way because I said I was gonna kick his ass
and-

Adaine: Can I get-

Fabian: Oh, I'm sorry, yes.

Adaine: -a peppermint mocha but no violence please?

Fabian: Okay, peppermint mocha, are you sure?

Adaine: I am.

Fabian: If he gets it wrong,

Adaine: Positive.

Fabian: You don't have to do it, I'm happy to.

Adaine: I feel like you're threatening him enough.

Fabian: There's no. Such. Thing. I mean, especially\- where's Fig? Is Fig
here?

Adaine: Oh, she's not up.

Brennan: Everyone give me a Perception check, if you'd be so kind.

Fabian: I've been threatening him with such wild abandon and no one’s said
anything, so...

Siobhan: 12?

Lou: What do you want, Perception?

Brennan: Perception.

Gorgug: 15.

Brennan: 15?

Ally: 13.

Brennan: Gorgug, you immediately notice that the tour bus is gone.

Adaine: Oh, what?

Gorgug: Um… I guess the bus isn't here.

Siobhan: Can I go in and play the chord on the piano that opens up her room?

Brennan: Opens up Fig's room? All her touring suitcases are gone.

Adaine: What the hell?

Fabian: And where's The Ball? Is The Ball not here? Hey, one second, I'm gonna
call The Ball. Try and call The Ball.

Adaine: I'm gonna call Fig.

Brennan: You go in your crystal to the contact that just says "The Ball".

Lou: Yes.

Brennan: Call it and it goes straight to voicemail.

Fabian: Something is horribly wrong, I just called The Ball and it went
straight to voicemail. That has never happened. Every time I've ever called
The Ball he has picked up honestly quicker than I thought possible. Something
is very wrong.

Siobhan: Can I call Sklonda?

Zac: Is Sandra Lynn here?

Brennan: As you say that, you see that Baxter descends from the sky and Sandra
Lynn Faeth leaps off. She's got her bow, multiple quivers of arrows, but is
dressed in that like, she has like that Crocodile Hunter get up, like the
short khaki shorts, the khaki short-sleeve button up. You see that she's got,
and like thick, chunky hiking boots, those big, big hiking boots.

Lou: Yes!

Brennan: She comes off, she's got a little zinc on the sides of her nose, she
just jumps off and starts tossing water bottles and starts going,

Sandra Lynn: Sunscreen, sunscreen, sunscreen, sunscreen!

Fabian: Great, we're having kind of an emergency, but also real quick, do you
want coffee or anything? Gilear's making a run.

Sandra Lynn: Oh, Gilear, uh...

Fabian: Oh, I'm sorry,

Sandra Lynn: No…

Fabian: Yeah, that's a whole thing with you. I’m sorry, I’m not- Fig's not
here, so that's throwing me off.

Adaine: Fig's not here and neither is Riz.

Sandra Lynn: Is she still asleep?

Kristen: Fig is gone.

Adaine: And the bus is gone.

Kristen: And Riz, we're not quite sure about.

Fabian: The Ball is in trouble. I can tell you, he would have picked up.
That's crazy.

Sandra Lynn: All right, all right, calm down, calm down.

Gorgug: Do we have his mom's number? I don't have it.

Sandra Lynn: I do have Sklonda's number, hold on.

Brennan: She picks it up. She stays on the crystal for a minute, she goes,

Sandra Lynn: Hi Sklonda, it's Sandra Lynn. [pause] Y- Oh, certainly, no, it
was, it was so fun!

Gorgug: [quietly] It seems like they're...

Fabian: Is she catching up? That's fine. I mean-

Kristen: I have a coffee order.

Fabian: Oh yeah, of course, what do you want?

Kristen: I just want like a cortado.

Fabian: [starts texting] Okay, great.

Kristen: And then I want no milk at all.

Fabian: No milk.

Kristen: And I do want it iced.

Fabian: Great, and if it’s not-

Adaine: In a cortado, you don't want any milk?

Kristen: No milk, no foam.

Fabian: Okay.

Kristen: I do want it iced.

Fabian: Yep.

Kristen: And I would like it tea-based instead of coffee-based.

Adaine: Do you know what a cortado is?

Gorgug: What's a cortado?

Fabian: Yes, great, I can do that.

Adaine: That's not what a cortado is.

Kristen: Tea-based instead of coffee. And some lemon.

Fabian: Honestly, this is, the fact that this is complex and maybe impossible
is perfect. Are you alright if I threaten physical violence should he not
comply?

Gorgug: Should I get a cortado?

Kristen: You should definitely, yeah.

Adaine: That's not what a cortado is, that's just tea with lemon.

Fabian: Do you want a cortado?

Kristen: I want it iced.

Gorgug: So, I want a-

Adaine: An iced tea with lemon!

Kristen: And some lemonade maybe.

Sandra Lynn: I'll get a cortado.

Fabian: Great, another cortado. The tea one or a normal cortado?

Sandra Lynn: What's that?

Fabian: The tea one or the normal cortado?

Sandra Lynn: I thought it's only the tea one, there's a type other than the
tea one?

Fabian: Okay, great. Fantastic.

Gorgug: So-

Fabian: Oh yeah, I'm gonna beat, I'm gonna beat him so hard. What's up, what'd
you want?

Adaine: You're all gonna get--

Gorgug: A hot chocolate, shot of decaf.

Fabian: Yes?

Gorgug: Shot of a cortado.

Fabian: Shot of a cortado… This is, I'm loving this, shot of a cortado,
anything else?

Gorgug: But, but.

Ally: [laughing] A shot of a-

Gorgug: Decaf.

Fabian: Yes, I’ve-

Gorgug: Decaf shot.

Fabian: Yep.

Gorgug: So what would be a, the size of a shot inside that shot.

Fabian: Great.

Gorgug: Cortado.

Adaine: I'm just changing mine to a black coffee. Very simple, no violence.

Kristen: Watch him get that wrong.

Fabian: I'm gonna make sure you get both, just to make sure that he has two
opportunities to mess it up. Boom! [puts phone down] Coffees ordered, is The
Ball dead?

Brennan: You see she closes the thing she says,

Sandra Lynn: Sklonda is downtown at the Elm Valley Mall. There's been, it
looks like a robbery down there.

Adaine: [softly] Oh god.

Sandra Lynn: She is heading off to look, she just called and didn't get an
answer from him either. He didn't come home last night. So he was at his new
office. I can take off and look for, I can fly to the bus depot real quick and
just see if the tour bus is getting returned or something. Do you want to head
to Riz's office?

####

Adaine: To Riz's office?

Fabian: I will head to the office.

Kristen: Yeah, let's go.

Adaine: Yeah. Let's head to Riz's office.

Fabian: And we checked Fig's room, so she, you're gonna check for Fig at the
bus depot?

Sandra Lynn: Yes.

Adaine: Can we borrow Jawbone's car?

Gorgug: I can see if I can get my parents' van.

Adaine: Oh, hell yeah.

Brennan: You see that she looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: You're welcome to, just go ask Jawbone. But yeah, I'm sure he'd
be fine with you guys taking the car if you just want to run. I don't think
there's any reason to freak out. Fig does her own thing a lot. I'm gonna go
see if she's returning the bus. The Riz thing is upsetting. Go check out in
the office, he might have just been up all night and passed out. So, go check
out.

Kristen: Hey, before we go to Riz's, and this is very important, but I just
wanna float another person by you guys who is really strong-

Gorgug: You wanna bring Tracker?

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Instead of Gilear?

Kristen: Yeah!

Fabian: No! Gilear is coming.

Kristen: Okay then, in addition to Gilear.

Adaine: Okay, I have one rule, to bring Tracker, which I think is a good idea.

Kristen: Okay.

Adaine: And it's more of a request than a rule.

Kristen: Okay.

Adaine: Please don't have sex in the tent with us.

Kristen: What? What do you think, I would just have sex--

Adaine: Yes!

Kristen: With just you in the tent?

Adaine: No. With Tracker, when we were in the tent with you.

Kristen: Okay-

Adaine: Don't have sex with Tracker when we are in the tent with you.

Kristen: What if I don't know that you're in there?

Adaine: You will.

Gorgug: You should just know who's in a tent.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: You don't, just say, just call out--

Kristen: I mean, definitely! What, you think I'm trying to have public sex in
front of you guys? No, that's crazy.

Fabian: I don't know, you guys are big, like, kink, I don't know, voyeur might
be a thing.

Kristen: Wow! All right, yes, it is my number three on my kink test, okay,
yes, fine.

[laughing]

Brennan: You see Tracker walks out. Tracker looks and says,

Tracker: I'm really excited to come along, guys, thank you so much. I will do
my best to not mess with The "Bad Kids" vibe, I know that Kristen is-

Adaine: Oh, Tracker, you are absolutely an honorary Bad Kid.

Fabian: Okay, I'm not gonna… Yeah, sure, we should talk about that before we
give out any more honorary Bad Kid-

Adaine: I said honorary, it's Tracker!

Fabian: You can't just add any, you have to consult-

Adaine: I'm not adding her!

Fabian: The Bad Kids--

Adaine: She's an honorary Bad Kid.

Kristen: Well, Gilear's also a Bad Kid!

Gorgug: Do you have a coffee order?

Fabian: No, oh, is Gilear--

Brennan: You see--

Fabian: Oh yeah, do you have a coffee order?

Tracker: Can I just get a cortado?

Fabian: Tea variety or...?

Adaine: What kind of cortado?

Kristen: Do you want the cortado--

Tracker: There's a tea cortado?

Adaine: No, there isn't.

Kristen: Take out the milk, add lemonade, sub the coffee for iced tea.

Tracker: Um, can I just get a black coffee, two shots of espresso?

Fabian: Yep, and is it all right if I threaten physical violence if it's not
perfectly made and as you ordered it?

Tracker: Who are you threatening?

Fabian: Gilear.

Tracker: I'm gonna have to revoke that. And I'm sorry I'm already getting on
Fabian's shitlist, but that's how it is. I will do my best to not get in your
way. I think having another healer along makes a lot of sense. Also, I can't
be hurt by stuff that isn't silver, so that should come in handy.

Adaine: Oh, rad.

Kristen: Awesome.

Fabian: Chill!

Ally: Is that the same for [mumbles]?

Tracker: Yeah, it's a part of lycanthropy. You guys will have to chain me up
on full moons or I'll go crazy and attack.

Kristen: I think I can handle that.

Adaine: Oh no. [laughing] Don't make it a thing.

Tracker: Wait, is this our first vacation together?

Kristen: This is our first vacation! Babe!

Adaine: This is not a vacation! We're saving the world.

Fabian: This is 60% of our grade. All right?

Adaine: Also, it's 60% of our grade.

Kristen: How about, you guys won't be crying when we're freaking 69'ing and
healing all you guys.

Fabian: All right, I am going to go check on The Ball and I can take one
person with me.

Kristen: What?

Fabian: No, it's, there's nothing wrong with 69--

Kristen: You guys have no idea that that's how I heal, there just hasn't been
the nine there.

Brennan: You see that Tracker, Tracker looks at you and says,

Tracker: I actually should go, if you guys wanna go check on that, that makes
a ton of sense. I should go and send some crystal mail and stuff like that.

Kristen: Yeah, pack and stuff.

Tracker: I texted Craig about canceling the church, and he said it should
probably be fine.

Kristen: Oh great! Oh great, okay cool. So it's just a whisper of a church
that we were running.

Tracker: It turns out that mostly it was Craig, and Craig actually has been at
church waiting for a sermon for a little while.

Kristen: Oh, shoot, okay.

Tracker: 'Cause I guess we missed the last one.

Kristen: I appreciate it so much.

Tracker: Yeah, I texted Craig, and I was like, “Hey, maybe this god was stupid
or bad and we're not sure if it's happening.”, and Craig was super, you can
read it.

Brennan: And you just read a text that's like,

Craig: Not a problem, miscommunication on my part, truly so excited for
whatever god you guys come up with next.

Kristen: Awesome.

Craig: Really need something in my life, don't like anything out on the
market.

Kristen: Amen, Craig, amen.

Tracker: Craig is ride or die.

Kristen: Craig is great.

Tracker: Yeah, Craig's great. And he's pretty much the only person that's been
reliably showing up, so I feel like as your one follower, Craig will hang
tight.

Kristen: Cool, cool cool. Wait, you didn't see The Ball or Fig or anything,
right?

Tracker: No, I was in the room with you- I mean-

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn looks over, she's like,

Tracker: I was in my own room, sleeping last night.

Kristen: Yeah yeah.

Tracker: So, yep, for sure.

Kristen: Totally. [sings wordlessly and awkwardly]

Brennan: And you see that--

[Boggy croaks]

Adaine: Did you guys meet my frog?

[loud cooing]

Fabian: See, I look at that frog and I just feel good, you know?

Adaine: Right?

Kristen: Yes!

Fabian: It's just very on brand.

Adaine: Just a joyful...

Kristen: It's like the perfect plush. You just gotta buy it.

Fabian: Yeah, exactly.

Gorgug: Platonic ideal of a frog.

Adaine: Wanna give him a little squish?

Fabian: Yes!

Kristen: What's his name?

Adaine: Boggy.

Kristen: What's that?

Adaine: Bogariel Frogariel.

Kristen: Oh, it's like Mitt Romney's Twitter.

[laughing]

Fabian: Who?

Kristen: It's so cute!

Brennan: As you squeeze-

Kristen: There you are!

Brennan: As you squeeze Boggy, you see that much like a water balloon, as you
squeeze Boggy, the other parts of him expand away from where you squeeze. And
he does make a ribbit noise as you do that.

Kristen: Aww, cute!

Brennan: He seems to like it.

Fabian: I mean, I gotta.

[Fabian grunts]

Kristen: That's cute.

Fabian: Oh, that's fun. Oh, that'll be good to have.

Kristen: That's fun.

Brennan: Cool, you… So Jawbone's car is there if you guys want to go to Riz's
office and check it out.

Siobhan: Yeah, let's do that.

Ally: Let's do it.

Brennan: Cool, you hop in the car.

Lou: I don't hop in the car, all right, I have a motorcycle.

Brennan: You have a motorcycle.

Ally: Wow, wow.

Brennan: The rest of you guys hop in the car.

Adaine: Shotgun!

Brennan: Adaine goes shotgun, who's driving?

Siobhan: Tracker, I would guess?

Lou: Oh, Fig's not here.

Brennan: Tracker's gonna go do shut down the church stuff.

Siobhan: Oh, right.

Gorgug: I could give it a shot. If you wanna drive, I can drive too.

Lou: Ooh yes, I'm definitely gonna ride my motorcycle in that case.

Kristen: I'm gonna hop on the motorcycle with Fabian, actually.

Fabian: Honestly, great call, we'll--

[Ally imitates engine revving]

Brennan: As you get on, The Hangman speaks to you, Fabian, and says

Hangman: Master--

Fabian: Nope, not even, not even, we're not even gonna, no, not even close,
she's doing her own, she's doing her own thing--

Hangman: I think that what happens in the tent should stay in the tent.

Fabian: Well, I mean--

Kristen: What?!

Fabian: Just so you know, I guess my motorcycle was listening to the
conversation before, and is very down with you having sex with Tracker--

Kristen: That's great!

Fabian: While other people--

Hangman: Master?

Fabian: Yes?

Hangman: We might learn some stuff for when we rescue Aelwyn.

Fabian: Stop.

Hangman: For when stuff happens in the tent, you know?

Fabian: Hangman, I don't need to learn anything, all right? I know how to
kiss, all right? My kisses are perfect.

Kristen: Do you kiss The Hangman?

Fabian: I'm sorry, I thought I was talking to The Hangman in my head, no, I...

Ally: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

Zac: From the window--

Kristen: You're talking out loud.

Zac: From the window of Jawbone's car,

Gorgug: Yeah, do you kiss The Hangman?

Fabian: No!

[laughing]

Fabian: I kiss--

Adaine: I would also like to know that.

Kristen: Come on!

Fabian: I don't kiss--

Adaine: It's just that The Hangman is much more human than my bitch sister,
so...

Fabian: All right, we don't need to be making judgment calls about anyone. I
don't kiss The Hangman, do not put that on CrystalBook.

Kristen: Okay!

Fabian: Or Cryster.

Kristen: I'm just saying, if we're all honest, we've all kissed a wall or a
doorframe at some point. And so,

Fabian: Oh please, I was--

Kristen: You've probably kissed The Hangman.

Siobhan: Adaine's thinking, should I have kissed a wall or doorframe?

[laughing]

Brennan: You guys take off, you see that… So who is driving between Adaine and
Gorgug?

Zac: I guess Gorgug.

Siobhan: I think Gorgug is driving.

Brennan: So, Gorgug, you do have advantage on Dexterity saving throws in case
anything bad happens.

Ally: Great.

Zac: Awesome.

Brennan: But as you get in the car, you see coming out onto the weird, spooky
veranda of the haunted house is Jawbone. Jawbone has taken to domestic living
so well. He is truly only wearing a pair of tighty-whiteys over his extremely
furry body. He's got his little glasses and he raises a big cup of coffee and
goes,

Jawbone: Hell yeah, brother, take her easy out there, pal.

Gorgug: I will, I started sweating immediately.

Jawbone: That's all right, you drive stick?

Gorgug: Do I drive stick?

Jawbone: You drive stick?

Gorgug: I, we'll figure it out!

Jawbone: Just, you gotta use the clutch, brother.

Gorgug: The clutch, so.

Jawbone: Have a good one, my man.

Gorgug: All right, just gotta get it in second gear.

Adaine: It's on the floor. The clutch is on the floor.

Gorgug: I know, wait, what am I holding?

Jawbone: What's that?

Kristen: That's the NOS.

Jawbone: The clutch is down on the ground!

Gorgug: That's the NOS?! Oh.

Brennan: You see Jawbone raise the coffee and is like,

Jawbone: All right, looks like old Jawbone's got the place to himself this
morning. Let's get some of these cobwebs down.

[imitates engine whirring]

Brennan: You can hear some music from an old record, it's like some samba
music as Jawbone goes and starts cleaning the house. You guys take off, you go
all the way to downtown, or actually, sorry, this is Ballaster. You head to
Ballaster which is where the Strongtower Luxury Apartments are. There is an
old stone, Art Deco-y kind of building. This is a little bit more populated,
so it's not like two story houses of north of the river, there's a lot more,
this is a little bit more urban down in this part of Elmville. As you guys
arrive, you see this little office building. There appear to be buzzer, it's
like one of those office buildings that doesn't have an open lobby, you gotta
still buzz into it. As you guys approach, you park the car, no sweat.
Actually, just go ahead and give me a Dexterity check, if you'd be so kind.

Zac: Just raw, not with advantage?

Brennan: Not with advantage.

Zac: So a 7.

Brennan: 7, you figure out the transmission of this, yeah, you mess this car
up. This car, you get where you're going but there's a lot of honking and
angry people.

Kristen: Go around!

[laughing]

Adaine: Sorry!

Siobhan: I'm just clinging onto Boggy for dear life. Trying not to backseat
drive.

Brennan: Trying not to backseat drive! You guys arrive eventually. Yeah, you
see this little office building and there's a little locked door. But you know
that Riz's office is up on the third floor.

Ally: Is there a buzzer for Riz's office?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure.

Ally: Push it.

Brennan: Push it, [imitates buzzer] Nothing appears to happen, no response.

Fabian: All right, I mean, we're going inside.

Kristen: Yeah.

Lou: How, what's the, the door won't open?

Brennan: Yeah, it's locked.

Zac: You don't have Knock, do you?

Ally: Thieves' tools?

Siobhan: I don't have Knock. Can I maybe use… Can Mage Hand go through doors?

Brennan: You can cast it to create it on the other side of the door.

Siobhan: Great, can I do that and try and open it from the other side?

Brennan: Like a lot of office buildings, it's openable from the inside for
people leaving. So you just cast Mage Hand, open it from the other side and
are in.

Ally: Cool.

Siobhan: Fantastic.

Lou: So close to breaking it, so close.

Siobhan: Let's try not to, I also cast Mending on the car as we're going
upstairs.

Brennan: You cast Mending on the car, fix it a little bit.

Gorgug: Thank you.

Adaine: No, you're welcome, it was for me as well, I didn't wanna...

Ally: "It was for me as well."

[laughing]

Brennan: You guys walk up into to the third floor and you see the little
golden lettering on the frosted glass. "Riz Gukgak, Licensed Private
Investigator."

Fabian: All right, which one of these offices is The Ball's? See, that doesn't
say The Ball...

Kristen: His name is Riz.

Siobhan: Knock, knock, knock.

Fabian: I was always forget that.

Brennan: No response.

Siobhan: No response?

Gorgug: His name is Riz. This is his.

Siobhan: Try and open the door.

Brennan: This one's locked as well.

Siobhan: Can I try the same trick?

Brennan: You try the same trick and it doesn't work. Maybe Riz is a little bit
more paranoid, but yeah, it does not work.

Zac: I...

Adaine: Riz?

Ally: Is there a code or anything or it's a straight up key?

Brennan: It looks like a straight up key.

Fabian: Oh, The Ball!

Ally: Can we check for keys hidden for him, like under a mat?

Zac: Can I put a piece of paper underneath the door and hit the door?

Brennan: What's that?

Zac: To see if a key drops down to the other side?

Brennan: Oh, you push a piece of paper, hit it to see if a key drops to the
other side. Give me just a pure Luck roll on a d20.

Zac: 4.

Brennan: 4, you--

Gorgug: I saw this in a movie once.

Brennan: You hit the door, as you hit the door, you hear a [imitates
projectile being fired] and a little dart sticks, you hear some kind some trap
that Riz has set up.

Kristen: Oh great.

Fabian: All right. Fuck this.

Lou: Kick the door.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Athletics check.

Lou: Oh, come on. Oh, that's gonna, I have advantage on those. I think?

Brennan: Only when you're jumping.

Lou: Only when I'm jumping, great. That's a 9.

Brennan: 9? Bam, you kick the door, it does not open.

Siobhan: I cast Misty Step and I go through the door.

Brennan: Cool, [whooshes] you Misty Step through the door. You appear on the
other side.

Kristen: Be careful!

Brennan: Yeah, as you're in here, you see signs of struggle in here.

Adaine: Uh-oh, guys, it's bad!

Siobhan: Is there a key?

Fabian: Open, let us in!

Kristen: Open the door!

Brennan: You go, you look around, it's one of those old buildings so it's the
thing where there's a keyhole on both sides of the door, so there's not a
locking mechanism over here on the other side.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Zac: You guys want me to do it?

Siobhan: Yeah, can I do an Investigate check for a key?

Brennan: For a key, yeah, go for it.

[hums mathematically]

Siobhan: Yeah, 25.

Brennan: Oh, hell yeah! You start looking around, you do find a spare key in
here.

Zac: Can I try to break the door down?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Adaine: Don't break the door down!

Zac: 19.

[laughing]

Brennan: Plus your Athletics?

Zac: Yes, so… 27.

Siobhan: I have the key in the lock.

Brennan: Fully off the hinges, bam! [roars] [grunts]

Fabian: All right, it was loosened, let's all just admit that it was loosened.
I kicked it hard!

Kristen: Whoa, this place looks crazy.

Brennan: Adaine, as you find the key here, you see, first of all, all of Riz's
crazy Pepe Silvia-esque yarn going from one thing to, conspiracy theory,
detective stuff. There's also a lot of file boxes. So you see there's a big
file box over in the corner that has "Missing Maidens, aka The Kalvaxus Kaper:
CLOSED."

Adaine: Dork.

Ally: "Caper."

Brennan: Yeah, The Case of the Missing Maidens, aka The Kalvaxus Kaper.

Siobhan: Is caper spelled with a K?

Brennan: Yes! You see that, as you are looking around, the thing that you see
in the struggle here what you also notice is there's definite signs of
struggle, bullet holes, as well.

Siobhan: Oh, Riz's bullets?

Brennan: Riz's bullets. You also see that there is no blood. So whatever was
here : you've seen, like when Zayne Darkshadow was killed you saw under the
blacklight the blood and stuff like that. So there was a struggle here, Riz
was fighting something, but whatever it was, it wasn't injuring Riz. Or it
wasn't injuring him in a way that drew blood.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: However, you see some little goblin claw marks as though Riz was
dragged across the floor.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: Those claw marks lead to a standing mirror. There is also something
in the wooden floorboards that the claws lead to, as though the claws were
attempting to manipulate something at a certain section of floorboard.

Siobhan: Can I open that floorboard?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it. It doesn't seem immediately obvious to you, but I
think--

Siobhan: Can I just like bang bang bang? Bang bang bang! Boom boom boom!

Brennan: As you go bang bang bang, as it pop up, you see that a little
compartment opens up in the floor. There is a photograph in there. It is an
old photograph of an extremely handsome goblin man in a tuxedo with a pencil
mustache and a coif of hair. And because Riz Gukgak is a very private young
boy, I don't think any of you actually know who this is.

Ally: But it does look enough like him that we would be like, I think that's
his dad?

Brennan: Yeah, you could probably guess, for sure. You know that his dad
passed away.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: Does it have a name on the back of it or anything like that?

Brennan: What you see is this. It's like a cocktail party and Pok Gukgak,
Riz's dad, has his arm around nothing. And is raising a glass. There is red
marker, dry erase, not ruining the photo, but there's red dry erase marker
over and over in the space of where Pok Gukgak's empty arm is as he's raising
a glass.

Ally: Can I do an Investigate to see if there are any other photos with Riz in
them in this office?

Brennan: Sure, do an Investigation check.

Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check on this photo?

Ally: Ooh, can I do Religion?

[Brennan agrees]

Lou: Can I do an Investigate check for things with my name on them?

[laughing]

Zac: I guess I'm going to Investigate just in general.

Ally: 19.

Siobhan: I got a 21 on my Arcana for this photo.

Brennan: 21 Arcana?

Ally: 19 to find photos of Riz in a religious way.

Brennan: 19 Religion check?

Ally: Mmhmm, yeah, just like, [blusters]

Siobhan: Oh, I'm so doubtful.

Ally: So doubtful.

Zac: I got an 18 Investigate check.

Brennan: 18 Investigate check, cool.

Lou: I got an 8 Investigate check looking for things with the word Fabian on
them.

Brennan: You don't find anything. And you even look in the old Kalvaxus stuff
and you're like, Where's my name in any of this?

Fabian: Why doesn't he have any, [babbles] Come on, Riz.

Brennan: So, we'll start with the 18 Investigate. What kind of stuff is Gorgug
looking for?

Zac: I think Gorgug is still worried about the dream he had last night and
something about that picture is really creepy to him, so if there's any sort
of...

Brennan: Just creepy shit.

Zac: Yeah. Thinking creepy.

Brennan: I think you probably follow the trail to the mirror, you go over to
the closet, over to the mirror. You're just sort of looking into the standing
mirror and with an 18 Investigate… Okay, I'm gonna give you this and let you
guys do a little real world sleuthing. The claw marks on the floor that you
see go all the way to the very base of the mirror.

Ally: Yeah?

Zac: Can I move the mirror to see if they continue beyond?

Brennan: They don't, and you don't see a trap door behind the mirror or
anything else like that.

Zac: I think Gorgug's just gonna touch the mirror.

Brennan: Awesome, we'll get to that in a second.

Siobhan: Oh no. [nervous laughter]

Ally: Great. I'm looking for photos that might have had Riz in them around his
office. Group photos or photos with his mom.

Brennan: You find a little photo on his desk that is him as a baby with a
police officer's hat before his mom was a full detective. It's on the day that
she joined, not the day that she joined the force, but a ceremony where she
was awarded with a medal and was in her policeman's uniform, the regalia. And
Riz is a little baby in a diaper on a kitchen table and she's in uniform next
to him and he's got her hat, it's too big for his head but it's pushing his
big pointy ears down onto his head.

Ally: Cute.

Brennan: Other than that, you only find him in photographs that are
incidental. You know, stuff where it's like this is part of a larger case. So,
a photo of him with Penny in the Kalvaxus stuff.

Ally: But he is showing up in photos?

Brennan: Correct!

Ally: He hasn't been like erased or anything.

Brennan: He has not been--

Zac: And his mom.

Ally: And his mom, are, she's in photos.

Siobhan: So who's this person that went missing that isn't Sklonda?

Zac: Are there any other photos with people missing?

Brennan: That's a great thing that Adaine just put together, Sklonda's not
missing.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Right?

Ally: Right.

Brennan: So that's what you find there. With the 21 Arcana, what kind of stuff
is Adaine looking for?

Siobhan: I'm just trying to figure out is this person who presumably
disappeared from this photograph, is this a magical effect that is on this
specific photograph, I guess? Or is this something that is a wider, sort of
worldwide situation?

Brennan: Cool, are you supplementing your Arcana check with any magic casting,
any divinatory stuff?

Siobhan: Let me see if I have anything that's actually useful that's prepped.

Brennan: No worries if not.

Siobhan: Yeah, I don't think I have anything.

Brennan: Or like a Detect Magic or anything else like that.

Siobhan: Yeah, I guess I can do Detect Magic as a ritual.

Brennan: Cool, so if you start, you're looking at it, so actually I'll just
say with that 21 Arcana before you cast Detect Magic, you're looking at this,
there is a conspicuous absence of magic here.

Siobhan: Wow.

Brennan: Does that make sense? You're looking at it and

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Someone did clean up.

Brennan: It seems… It seems so mundane--

Siobhan: Like they wiped their prints off of it?

Brennan: Something like that almost. But you're looking at it, also with that,
this is not quite Arcana but just with a high Intelligence based roll, you
know that Pok is not doing a bit. You know that his arm is...

Siobhan: Just the way that the folds of his clothes are folded or something?

Brennan: Well actually, what's interesting is his arm, if you look at his, his
clothing is not folded as it would be if there was something invisible there.

Siobhan: Huh.

Brennan: Isn't that interesting, yeah, for sure. So it's not like there's an
invisible force that's clearly manipulating something. On his arm, it looks
out like his arm just hanging out free in the air like he's miming doing
something, but on his face, he's clearly matching someone giving a cheers.

Ally: Where's Sklonda right now?

Brennan: She said that she was off looking for she was investigating a robbery
at the Elm Valley Mall.

Ally: Can I take a photo with my crystal of this and ask who was in this photo
with Pok to her?

Brennan: You send that text...

Ally: To 911, I guess, since I don't know why I would have Sklonda's personal
number.

Brennan: You take a picture, for sure. As you do, Gorgug, you put your hand on
the mirror. Go ahead and give me a Wisdom saving throw.

Lou: Uh-oh!

[sighs]

Zac: 4.

Siobhan: You got a 19 on that, actually.

Ally: Nice, nice!

[laughing]

Zac: I'm getting your Portent roll?

Siobhan: Yes, you're getting my Portent roll.

Zac: 19, plus 1.

Brennan: Adaine, you're examining the photograph? You see six seconds in the
future, in fact, the majority of futures, your head is chopped off by a raging
Gorgug who has lost control. You grab him a second before his hand touches the
mirror--

Adaine: Nope.

Gorgug: What?

Adaine: Nope.

Gorgug: Uh... Don't touch it?

Adaine: Bad, nope.

Gorgug: I usually don't find things. So...

[wheezing laughter]

Lou: Did he find, was it, what...

Siobhan: My Detect Magic is still going, can I--

Brennan: You finish the ritual as Gorgug stepped back from the mirror. So you
guys see Adaine start doing her whole shit looking at the mirror. Adaine,
finally, your eyes glow white. You look and see a normal reflection of the
office, that doesn't change at all, but appearing in the mirror is claw marks
that do not have symmetry to the claw marks in this room on the floor. And
lying in the middle of the room is Riz Gukgak. Every limb of his body and his
head is contorted at horrifying angles. His head-

Siobhan: Oh god.

Brennan: -has been fully twisted around, arm dislocated, folded back around.
Lying not in a knot but in a jumble of disjointedness.

Adaine: Oh my god! Can anybody else, can you see?

Brennan: None--

Adaine: Riz is here, he's on the other side of the mirror, I think?

Brennan: As Adaine says that, you guys see, smokily, Riz's body start to
appear as Adaine starts to describe it.

Kristen: Whoa!

Fabian: We have to...

Kristen: Why couldn't you touch it, is it cursed?

Adaine: I think it was gonna make him mad!

Fabian: All right, well, we have to--

Siobhan: Can I cast Dispel Magic on this mirror?

Brennan: You absolutely can. I'm going to need a roll of attempting to Dispel.

Ally: Before we do this, can I cast Bless on these three?

Brennan: Yes, go for it.

Ally: You guys are all blessed.

Zac: Can I give you the Help action?

Siobhan: Oh, I get the Help action from...

Brennan: Your familiar!

Adaine: From my familiar.

Ally: Aww, cute, such a good boy.

Lou: [sing-song] Boggy!

Siobhan: That's… Oh, it's DC 10 plus the spell's level, right? And then, oh, I
got a nat 20.

[gasps]

Brennan: Adaine reaches in, does something, you see that Boggy kind of looks
up at you. How could you be scared with this adorable frog on your shoulder?
Kristen steps back with Gorgug and Fabian and you guys feel [humming whooshes]
this power. The power that you're wielding right now is like an even deeper
doubt than before.

Ally: Great.

Brennan: So this Bless manifests as a feeling of like, “Hey, stay on your
toes, because who the hell knows what this universe is about or what's
happening?:

Adaine: Oh great, more anxiety. That's fantastic.

Kristen: It's all random! You're all blessed!

[laughing]

Brennan: Adaine, there is, your hair does that thing where it starts to slowly
float up as though in an unseen wind. Boom! The entire mirrors ripples like a
heavy rock is dropped into the middle of a perfectly still lake for a second
[whooshing] and that reflection is gone. Everyone here roll a Perception
check.

Siobhan: Ooh, maybe that was the wrong thing for me to have done.

Lou: No, definitely : 13.

Ally: 21.

Siobhan: I got a 24.

Zac: Nat 20.

All: Hey!

Brennan: Everyone except : what'd you roll again?

Lou: 13.

Brennan: No, I'll say 13 succeeds as well. [Lou sighs with relief] You guys
all immediately notice that the reflection is clear, the claw marks are gone,
standing in the middle, not in the middle of the room, Riz's body is still in
that contorted, horrifying thing.

Siobhan: In the mirror?

Brennan: You guys see--

Siobhan: Or in the room that we're in?

Brennan: In the room that you're in.

Siobhan: Oh, it's come, it's back, maybe?

Brennan: You dispelled the mirror and that thing is now in this room with you.

Zac: That thing being

Zac and Siobhan: Riz's body?

Brennan: You see--

Ally: No!

Siobhan: Oh no!

Lou: It's happening.

Ally: It's him.

Brennan: Riz Gukgak's body is in the center of his office. You see the body
breathe.

Adaine: Riz?

Kristen: He's alive.

Fabian: Oh, The Ball, I swear, you can't do things like this.

Adaine: Yeah, it's 60% of our grade!

Gorgug: You look so hurt right now.

[Bones crack in Riz’s wrist and Brennan mimes his head snapping back into
place]

Adaine: Oh no!

Fabian: Jesus, The Ball.

Adaine: Oh, that's bad.

[Cracks]

Fabian: Oh!

Adaine: Ugh!

[Chitters]

Fabian: What, The Ball?

Kristen: No, no no, it's not Riz! It's not Riz!

Brennan: I'm gonna need everybody here to roll initiative!

Lou: I don't like this.

Ally: Okay.

Lou: I don't like anything--

Ally: Nat 20! But I have negative 3 to initiative.

[laughing]

Siobhan: I got a 15.

Ally: I'm ruining my 20s, I'm wasting them.

Lou: Ruined, you're wasting these damn 20s.

Brennan: Hold on one second gang, we're gonna go around right now.

Siobhan: Math, math, math, math!

Lou: Math, math, math, math, math, math!

Ally: I, what, we have to fight Riz, maybe?

Zac: I guess it's not Riz.

Lou: I mean, it's nightmare Riz.

Zac: It's like a horror, nightmare--

Lou: Classic Shadow Link situation, you know?

Ally: I really need to restock my spells for this character.

Brennan: What did Gorgug get?

Zac: Six.

Brennan: What did Adaine get?

Siobhan: 15.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Adaine got 15, what did Fabian get?

Lou: 17.

Brennan: What did Kristen get?

Ally: Also 17.

Brennan: Okay. Awesome.

Lou: And we're blessed.

Ally: Yeah, you guys are all blessed.

Lou: Chill, already blessed, dude. Pre-fight blessings!

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: Filled with anxiety!

Siobhan: Do we roll our Bless with initiative rolls?

Brennan: You do not add Bless to your Initiative rolls.

Ally: Attack and saving.

Siobhan: Okay, cool.

Brennan: Cool, that's going to be...

Ally: You know what, not to complicate things, but can I do a higher level
Bless and just also Bless myself?

Brennan: Yeah, you wanna throw that on there, that's no sweat. Cool! You see
Riz [chittering] look at all of you and as it stands for a moment, it waits
until one of you guys makes the smallest motion for a weapon and you see that
Riz stabs two of his fingers into each eye and pulls his face open through the
eye sockets. I'm gonna need everyone here to make a--

Fabian: The Ball!

Brennan: Wisdom saving throw, if you would be so kind.

Lou: Oh my god.

Siobhan: Oh, we get Bless on this?

Zac: Creatures have disadvantage on Charisma based checks against me. That's
not Charisma based, right?

Brennan: Disadvantage on Charisma, no.

Siobhan: And it's not a charm thing, either.

Brennan: This is not charm.

Lou: Oh, we add Bless to this.

Siobhan: I got a 13.

Lou: Ooh, 15.

Ally: 20.

Brennan: You get a 15?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Hold on one second, we're gonna go around here. [laughing] It's so
much more stressful having the music in real life.

Ally: Yeah, totally, totally.

[Brennan cackles]

Lou: Yeah, normally, it gets added later and we don't have to deal with it.

Ally: And we just to get to peacefully fight.

Lou: Exactly, in silence. But now, instead, today...

[Brennan laughs evilly]

Brennan: Go ahead, give me your rolls.

Zac: I got a 4.

Brennan: Ooh, Gorgug got a 4!

Siobhan: Even with Bless?!

Lou: Oh god!

Ally: We need you!

Zac: I rolled a 3 and then a 1 on Bless.

Siobhan: Oh boy, and you have a 0 Wisdom?

Zac: And I have Mindless Rage, that wouldn't help with this?

Brennan: Mindless, you're not in a rage yet.

Siobhan: You haven't gone into a rage yet.

[disappointed realizing]

Brennan: You can drop into a rage on your turn and negate the effect.

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Okay, so. What did Adaine get?

Siobhan: I got a 13.

Brennan: 13, okay.

Lou: Ooh man.

Brennan: What did you get?

Lou: 15, I have chills.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: 21.

Brennan: 21\. As Riz goes [imitates squishing] [wheezing screech]

Gorgug: Riz!

Brennan: You have to immediately fly into a rage to save your own mind, you
can feel the fear coming in to destroy you. Fabian--

Lou: I just realized I'm wearing my dad's eyepatch, which means that I am, oh,
where'd it go? I have advantage on Intimidation and am immune to fear.

Brennan: Amazing. You're immune to fear. What you see in this moment is that
looking at you, Riz, it's horrifying, and you just hear a voice almost in the
pit of your stomach say,

Bill: What are you afraid of, boy?

Fabian: Nothing, nothing!

Bill: Nothing, nothing!

Brennan: And you just go for your rapier. Kristen. The power of doubt within
you propels you to be like, Hey, nothing's scarier than the existential threat
of what--

Ally: Totally!

Brennan: We're supposed to be doing on this planet. Adaine. You feel a deep
fear overtake you. And you realize it's all coming back, even with the frog
and everything else.

[Adaine whimpers]

Brennan: That a deep anxiety and terror begins to well up within you. That is
now going to be Fabian's turn.

Lou: Okay, great.

Fabian: The Ball, you need to stop ripping at your face. [blusters]

Lou: And I'm just gonna run. I'd like to grapple The Ball.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and make a grapple check.

Lou: Where do we go now? Is it possible for me to jump off of something and
then...

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Athletics check.

Lou: Great. That's gonna be 11 to jump off a desk.

Brennan: That's great, 11 does it.

Lou: Great. So we'll roll with advantage. Oh thank god, that's a 3. But that's
an 18. 18 plus 1 plus 5. 24!

Brennan: This thing is fully grappled. You just grab Riz, like slam, like WWE,
boom! Drive in and get him in a headlock.

Kristen: Careful, it's still Riz!

Fabian: Get yourself together, The Ball! Somebody, fix him!

Brennan: Okay, Fabian, so that's your attack. You get another attack if you
want, but he's already grappled.

Lou: Can I hit him with just my fist?

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me an attack roll.

Lou: Great. Nat 20.

Ally: Crit on Riz, great!

Zac: It isn't Riz!

Ally: Yes.

Lou: Can it just be like--

Brennan: You can guys do subdual damage, you can do non-lethal damage.

Lou: I just wanna like, if I'm holding him with one arm, can I just smack him
in the side of the head?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely can.

Fabian: Get it together, Riz!

Brennan: Incredible.

Lou: Do I roll attack damage?

Brennan: Nat 20 automatically hits.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: And the damage is just 1 plus your Dex modifier.

Lou: Okay, great, that's 6.

Brennan: Boom! You hit this horrifying Riz-Thing. That is going to move and be
Kristen's turn.

Ally: Okay, can I roll Perception to see if we are alone in this room with Riz
or if there's someone else here that I can--

Brennan: Go ahead and make a free Perception check.

Ally: Nat 20.

[claps]

Yes!

Brennan: Perception check is I'll say right now there's no one else alone in
this room with you, this is not Riz. You're just looking at it and when Fabian
hits it, this thing's eyes just like flash black for a second. You wonder if…
Here's what you think. Riz fought, that means Riz wasn't possessed. So this
isn't possessed Riz. Because these claw marks were not the claw marks of a
thing that went willingly. So if this thing, you don't think this thing is
Riz. Or you don't think it's riding, you don't even think it's necessarily
riding in Riz's body. If you had to guess, on a nat 20, you'd say this is
either something that's using illusion magic to seem like him, maybe it's
Riz's reflection or his shadow, some messed up thing, but you do not think
this is Riz Gukgak.

Ally: Okay, I take… I think I realize how cool it is that I wasn't afraid of
what he just did and how I'm starting to see through the things around me in
my life, and I take my staff and I slam it down and I cast, through Channel
Divinity, Destroy Undead.

Brennan: Cool, awesome, you go for Destroy Undead, hit it. As you hit this
thing with Destroy Undead, you see that the shadow flickers [imitates many
winds rushing] It is partially disrupted, but it is not damaged. This is not a
being of death. It is a being of darkness and fear.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: You still have a movement or a bonus action if you want.

Ally: Yeah sure, I'm going to… Is there coffee in the room? Like one of his
old tumblers or something?

Brennan: Oh, there's tons. There's cold cups of black coffee half drunk all
over.

Ally: I'm going to really smugly sit in a chair with some of his coffee and
just enjoy a nice cup of really unafraid--

Fabian: What, what is happening, help!

Kristen: Oh you guys, I'm having so much fun!

Fabian: Help!

Brennan: Adaine. This is a familiar situation to you.

Adaine: [distressed] Why are you having fun?!

Kristen: Look, I'm really grasping at straws over here.

Brennan: So, you have been affected by the Fear spell. Actually, because you
dealt that damage, I do need to roll a Concentration check for this Fear
spell. Hold on.

Siobhan: Oh, and you rolled a 4.

Brennan: Huh?

Siobhan: You roll a 4.

Brennan: [laughing] I roll a 4?

Siobhan: Yes, you roll a 4.

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: In that case, Adaine, there is no fear condition on you. As Fabian
clocks this thing, and you use your last Portent roll, you disrupt the spell.
I think there is still a feeling of, God, I don't want that kind of stuff ever
to work on me. [Adaine roars] But you're out of it. It is your turn, you're
unaffected by the fear spell.

Siobhan: Okay, can I do an Arcana check to see what kind of creature this is?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: Great. Do I add my Bless to this?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: Oh great, then so much, like 29.

Brennan: You look at this. This is a type of creature that transcends the
cosmology of creatures as you know them. It's most similar to fey, but fey are
extraplanar creatures of the natural world, if that makes sense. They do have
pocket dimensions and things they can create, but fey are fundamentally tied
to nature. This thing is fully extraplanar in the manner of fiends or
celestials. But it is from somewhere that is like advanced beyond the borders
of this world. You think this is a being made of pure nightmare.

Siobhan: Great. Well, that's fun. Okay, I would like to cast Tasha's Hideous
Laughter on it.

Brennan: Copy that.

Siobhan: It's a Wisdom saving throw, "fall prone, becoming incapacitated and
unable to stand for the duration. A creature with an Intelligence score of 4
or less isn't affected."

Brennan: Gotcha. You go [whooshes] You try to go, you throw some enchantment
magic at this and you see that Riz, while being grappled by Fabian, pulls a
dagger out and carves its mouth wider on its own face

Adaine: Oh no.

Brennan: And adds more teeth [Gorgug yells] to itself and swallows that spell
and drowns it.

Fabian: What's happening? I can't see anything!

Adaine: Oh, it's bad!

Kristen: Wow, that's good coffee!

Fabian: Help, help us!

Adaine: What are you doing?

Brennan: That's your action, any movement or bonus action?

Siobhan: I guess I'll get behind the desk?

Brennan: Cool, you get partial cover behind the desk. Gorgug, that's you.

Zac: Okay, so when the Concentration broke, did that affect Gorgug or does it
matter?

Brennan: Yes, the fear left.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: So you don't need to go into a rage now, if you don't want to.

Zac: Oh, Gorgug's gonna go into a rage.

Lou: Just a nice, casual--

Zac: I think Gorgug was [screams] just screaming. [laughing] Like, so scared.
And then after that was sort of, dealt with that spell, went into a rage and
now is just [screams] and just screaming a different kind of scream and is
just going to attack.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: Do I have any benefits from it being grappled?

Brennan: Yeah, you get advantage on these rolls.

Zac: Great.

Lou: Oh, hell yes.

Zac: 24? Or 23, 26.

Brennan: Let me just double check that grapple thing really quick, I wanna
make sure I'm getting that right. Hold on one second.

Zac: If not, my lower score was 22.

Ally: Oh great.

Lou: Sick.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You don't get it, because he's not prone, he's just grappled.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: So you do, so lower roll is 22?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Definitely hits.

Zac: Okay, cool, then… Roll d12, d6. Ooh! Then I hit him for 13 and then my
next attack--

Siobhan: Oh, that's cocked, you gotta roll that again.

Lou: You can't let those cocked ones slide, you gotta roll 'em again!

Siobhan: It was fully...

Lou: Gotta keep rolling them.

Zac: Is 18...?

Brennan: 18 hits.

Zac: Okay.

Lou: Slapping.

Zac: And then, that's another 12. So, 13 and 12, I did 25.

Brennan: You did 25 altogether?

Zac: And I don't get to do my frenzy because I already did my bonus action to
rage, right?

Brennan: Yes, that's correct. So, what was the next one?

Zac: So I did 13 damage and then 12 damage.

Brennan: And then 12 damage, cool. So that's going to be… Cool, he's taken 35
damage so far.

Fabian: Are we killing Riz, is this--

Adaine: It's not Riz!

Fabian: Okay, great.

Adaine: That is just, it's some kind of thing.

Fabian: Okay, cool, cool.

Adaine: Scary, it's a scary thing.

Fabian: Awesome.

Gorgug: Oh, it looks so bad, you're gonna hate it when you let go.

Adaine: It's really gross.

Fabian: Okay, cool, I'll be ready, I'm ready! I'm not afraid of anything.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second.

Ally: He looks like literally The Joker.

Siobhan: It's so awful.

Lou: That's, ooh.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Ally: He starts telling jokes.

Siobhan: Just bright green with a cut out smile?

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: It's just like thrashing at its own face, like that's...

Siobhan: So awful.

Lou: There's something next level to that, just like… That mutilating self
kind of vibe.

[Fabian retches]

Ally: Nightmare King.

Siobhan: You bet.

Lou: Hey dude, it's the stuff of nightmares.

Ally: The Clown Prince of Nightmares.

Lou: The Clown Prince, Riz Gukgak, The Clown Prince of Nightmares.

Brennan: Ooh baby.

Lou: Riz Gukgak in Joker makeup. Riz would definitely come as the Joker for
Halloween. 100%.

Ally: Absolutely!

Siobhan: Some people just wanna see the world burn.

Lou: Exactly.

Zac: Riz is kind of already dressed as The Joker.

[laughing]

Lou: He is most of the way, take the hat off.

Siobhan: He has a lot of three piece suits.

Lou: He, yeah, Murph definitely saw an advance copy of Joaquin Phoenix -- yep?

Brennan: Riz is grappled, you're behind Riz, Riz doesn't need his head to be
on straight. So he goes [mimes twisting his neck]

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: [rattles] And his head spins around and he is in, face to face with
you.

Fabian: [horrified] The Ball!

Brennan: And you see that he just looks at your, put his mouth over your good
eye--

Fabian: What the--!

Adaine: No!

Brennan: And you feel his little goblin fangs rotate, serrated [imitates saw
blade spinning] and try to bore your eye out of your head for 20 points of
damage. [Fabian groans] And you see, from Gorgug's axe wounds that Fabian's
blood is sucked into his body and he is healed. [Fabian retches] Still
partially injured. Now that is going to be Fabian.

Fabian: Fuck this, kick him off of me! Stand up, stab, stab!

Lou: [laughing] Yeah, and I'll Action Surge, I'm gonna take four attacks on
this.

Brennan: Okay, well, before you take your Action Surge, go ahead and make your
first attack.

Lou: Okay, great. That's… [babbles] 21 plus Bless, 25.

Brennan: You definitely, hit go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: Great. 3 plus 8 equals 11.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You deal 11 points of damage. As you stab Riz, you see the
thing looks at you and as its blood as your blood goes down its lips, it looks
at you and says,

“Riz”: [exhales creepily] A worse story than before. [wheezes]

And your sword, it spirals into shadow, collapses around the tip of your sword
[imitates explosion] and there's a blast of shadow miasma and it's gone.

Lou: My, the Sword of Seacaster is gone?

Brennan: No, the being is gone.

Zac: Are we still in initiative?

Brennan: We're still in initiative.

Ally: Fuck.

Siobhan: Can I Counterspell? Can I cast Counterspell, it's a reaction!

Brennan: Make an Arcana check for me. Let me know if you beat a DC 15.

Siobhan: I do, I got a 25.

Brennan: Whatever it is does is something supernatural, but it's not a spell
Counterspell would be based on.

Lou: Fabian, can I just swing wildly around the room?

Brennan: Actually, you absolutely can. Go ahead and roll a Luck check for me,
we need a 19 or 20.

Lou: Can I add Bless?

Brennan: Sure, so we'll make-- Add Bless.

Lou: 19 or 20.

Brennan: Add Bless to get to a 19 or 20.

Lou: 17.

Ally: Close.

Siobhan: Wait, but, oh yes.

Brennan: Cool cool, so with the Bless, a 17. So you're just slashing wildly.

Fabian: [frantically] I don't want, where is it, where'd it go?

Brennan: And that's going to be Kristen.

Ally: Can I do a Luck check to see if I just hit it with my staff while
sipping coffee?

Lou: Oh.

Brennan: You gotta hit a 19 or 20.

Lou: If you...

Ally: 19, yes! All right, do I hit it and I see it?

Lou: [stands up] I'm going home, I'mma go home. What?! What?!

Zac: You're drinking bottomless coffee.

Brennan: Go ahead and make an attack roll with your staff, if you'd be so
kind.

Ally: I'm not attacking, I'm gonna try to cast Banishment on it.

Brennan: Oh, so a 19, okay, you're trying to cast Banishment. Oh my god,
incredible, hold on one second. You're sitting in a chair, you… I'm gonna say
this, you go so deeply into your own sense of doubt that you arrive at a
moment where you go, “The certainty of life is that nothing is certain.” And
in that deep and profound absurdity is a solace and comfort more potent than
any conviction of the faithful that there has ever been. You raise your finger
to an empty corner but instead of going to Riz, you go up. A blast of pure
reverberating energy erupts from your hand and spidered up there so its head
is facing you but Riz is showing you his back and shoulders. So, Riz is like
clutching, but head totally turned around, appears in a blast of shadow as you
hit him right with your Banishment.

Kristen: It's just more honest this way.

Lou: How?!

Brennan: Incredible, so this going to be a Charisma saving throw.

Ally: If it's native to the plane of existence you're on, you banish it to a
harmless demiplane, but if it's not, you send it back to where it's from.

Brennan: And if it's from a place that it is not native to...

Ally: If the target is--

Brennan: "The banish with a faint pop into its own plane. If the spell ends
before one minute has passed, the target reappears in the space. But it
doesn't get… Minute has passed before the spell ends, at which point the
target reappears… So it doesn't reappear if you can hold onto it for a minute.
This is gonna be huge, hold on one sec, gang. So, I'm gonna see if this thing
has any spells or magic that can help it. Ooh, little buddy.

Siobhan: Probably doesn't. Probably doesn't have any spells.

Ally: Yeah, probably not one thing, right?

Siobhan: Probably not worth checking.

Ally: Not one thing.

[Brennan cries out mockingly]

Ally: But I'm also kind of worried about just sending it back to where it came
from.

Siobhan: I know.

Ally: It would be better to kill it.

Siobhan: But also, it did 20 damage,

Ally: With its self-healing shit.

Siobhan: But, I don't want, it's very scary!

Zac: You can undo your Banish.

Brennan: Your difficulty, Kristen, is 16. This thing's got a plus 4 to its
save. On a 12 or higher, it is not banished. We're gonna roll in front of the
board.

Lou: Ooh, baby!

Siobhan: All right.

Brennan: That's a nine!

[All cheering]

Ally: Yeah!

Siobhan: Yes, okay!

Brennan: And with that, you guys see, this thing goes [screeches] [imitates
vacuum seal] [whooshes] The mirror shatters, this thing is gone, the room is
completely quiet.

[Kristen sighs contentedly]

Zac: Gorgug goes to--

Adaine: Be less chill!

Kristen: What?

Adaine: This is not okay.

Fabian: It's literally not okay.

Adaine: This was not okay.

Kristen: You spend your whole life pretending that you have the answers, and
the moment that you're like, Actually, [high-pitched, dismissive laughing] I
have no clue! It's so relieving.

Zac: Gorgug just hits another corner with his axe.

[Gorgug yells]

Kristen: Gorgug, Gorgug, baby.

Siobhan: I would like to cast Locate Creature on Riz. Because I would like to
know where Riz is, please.

Ally: Yeah, great call.

Siobhan: If he is within 1000 feet of me, that would be nice to know.

Brennan: Riz is not within 1000 feet of you.

Siobhan: Dang.

Zac: Can we call him again?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: Can I call… Somebody do that, I'm gonna call, I'm worried that Sandra
Lynn may have encountered some version, some Figueroth version.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'll call Sandra Lynn. I feel like we have Sandra Lynn's number
because she lives with us.

Ally: Yeah. Can I take that photo and put it in my bag and take it with us?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely can. Go ahead and mark your things in your
inventory, too.

Zac: Can we look around for his Nightmare King file?

Ally: Great call!

Brennan: Yeah, it's all, so it's been scattered around. Give me a group
Investigation check. We'll call it just a DC, you're trying, as a group, beat
DC 10.

Siobhan: I'm gonna take a help action.

Zac: Are we still blessed?

Brennan: You are still blessed, yes.

[dice clatter]

Lou: Exactly 10.

Brennan: Oh no, sorry! You are not still blessed, concentration was, no, Teddy
Bear of Helpfulness.

Ally: Teddy Bear of Helpfulness!

Brennan: So yeah, you got it. So you were concentrating on the Banishment
while Teddy Bear concentrates on Bless, so you can add Bless.

Lou: 10.

Siobhan: Yeah, I got like a 25.

Brennan: 10?

Ally: 17.

Zac: 5.

Brennan: 5.

Ally: 18 actually.

Brennan: 18, and what did Adaine get?

Siobhan: 26.

Brennan: Incredible, so you guys carefully clean up the mess and are able to,
to the best of your ability, put together Riz's file on the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: Can I check this room, because I know Riz also, for like secret doors
and passages and hideaways?

Ally: Very cool.

Siobhan: Any other, behind the painting, like...

Brennan: Hell yeah, you check for secret doors. You find so many secret
compartments and doors in here.

Siobhan: Is there a gun in here? Can I take a gun? I don't have a weapon and
we're going, we're fighting this guy.

Kristen: You have a frog! Just be yourself!

Fabian: You have a frog, you cast magic!

Adaine: Yes, but sometimes, that doesn't work.

Brennan: I will say that in a secret compartment, you do find a gun.

Adaine: Great, I'm taking this gun.

Fabian: Do not take this gun!

Kristen: Don't take this gun, you can't even drive!

Fabian: This is honestly, this is going to come back. Everybody watch, I'm
calling

Kristen: You should be able to drive.

Fabian: it right now, this is going to be a big problem down the road.

Adaine: I have an anxiety disorder and driving--

Kristen: That's why you should not have a gun.

Fabian: That is a great reason to not have a gun.

Adaine: Is scary for me.

Gorgug: Have you taken any sort of firearms training classes?

Siobhan: I put the gun back.

Gorgug: Thank you!

Kristen: Thank you!

Fabian: Honestly, Gorgug, great.

Kristen: I just feel a lot more comfortable.

Fabian: Great.

Kristen: Jawbone?

Adaine: But I would like some kind of a knife or something.

Kristen: I hope he's, he has a huge gun.

Fabian: We'd love to get you a knife!

Adaine: Great.

Fabian: I'd love to give you a knife

Brennan: So, you guys get in touch with Sandra Lynn. Sandra Lynn looks around
and says, texts you back and says,

Sandra Lynn: Bus is fully gone. Meet me back at Mordred Manor as soon as you
can. I've already contacted Sklonda, she's gonna meet us there.

Adaine: Great.

Kristen: Wow.

Kristen: Everyone's really gone.

Adaine: Crap.

Fabian: The Ball's okay, he's gotta be. I'm not...

Adaine: Yeah, he'll be fine.

Kristen: I can't shake what we just saw. When I think about The Ball.

Fabian: I mean...

Adaine: That was very-- The worst thing I've ever seen

Fabian: It serrated and--

Adaine: Every time I see The Ball from now on, I will think of that.

Fabian: My eye like a...

Gorgug: Did anyone have a really weird dream last night?

[various forms of agreeing]

Fabian: Oh yeah, but it's like before an adventure, right?

Adaine: No, I don't think so, because I don't dream and I dreamed.

Gorgug: Wait, I was told, my parents said I should run my dream by a wizard or
a sorcerer. Can I run it by you?

Adaine: Oh, sure, yeah.

Gorgug: Does that work?

Adaine: Okay.

Gorgug: So I was on a cliffside over the ocean, and I saw Ragh turn around and
he just had blood where his eyes were and he said, "Are you my dad?"

Adaine: Wait, like Riz was? Earlier?

Gorgug: I think it was--

Kristen: Yeah, Riz was messing with his eyes a lot.

Zac: Yeah, was it, do I know if that was the same kind of horror?

Brennan: There seems to be a weird eyes thing to all of this. As you focus on
this thing of eyes, you had bleeding eyes in your thing, this thing pulled its
eyes open. You come back and have a weird moment of looking at that photograph
that doesn't have a person in it with the empty space covered with Riz's red
marker. There's something strange afoot, obviously, but as the thing of eyes
come back to you, you keep thinking of like, what are all the things we see
and don't see?

Siobhan: Can I hold it up to the sunshine?

Brennan: Sure. You hold the photo up to sunshine and it illuminates the
photograph pretty okay, it seems normal.

Siobhan: There's nothing shining through it that gives any other kind of clue?

Brennan: Nothing shining through it there. I guess, when you hold it up, you
some writing on the back of it, which seems to be the date for it. And it
looks like this was from a long time ago when Riz would have been...

Gorgug: It tried to bite your eye.

Fabian: Ooh, it did, that's right.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: I mean, I was being bitten, so I didn't think about the thematic
elements of it, but sure.

Adaine: Are you okay? Are you gonna turn into one of those things?

Fabian: I'm fine!

Gorgug: Can you lift up your eyepatch for me for a sec?

Fabian: No! No, I'm done! All right, you asked me to do that a lot when it
happened, and I'm not doing it anymore, all right?

Adaine: Yeah, I don't need to see it again, it's gross.

Fabian: Yeah, it's gross!

Kristen: I think it's kind of cool, but yeah, okay, yeah, totally.

Brennan: You guys head back to Mordred Manor. As you guys arrive there, you
see that Sklonda's cruiser is up there. She's in the driveway talking to
Sandra Lynn, who's looking, they're both looking very, very concerned. You
also see there Baxter the griffin, Jawbone's out talking. Sandra Lynn looks at
you guys as you arrive, Sklonda looks over and says, immediately sees your
injury and says,

Sklonda: What happened at the office?

Fabian: [Floundering] We fought Riz. Not Riz.

Adaine: It wasn't Riz.

Fabian: It's like another Riz, he was a like crazy Riz, he could like turn his
head around and stuff.

Adaine: Some kind of nightmare...

Gorgug: If Riz was a spider man.

Fabian: Ripped his eye out and then he stabbed himself and then he ripped his
mouth open,

Adaine: Yeah, it wasn't Riz. It was something pretending to be Riz.

Fabian: And then he put his mouth on my mouth, and then he bit my sword and he
disappeared.

Adaine: On your eye, not your mouth.

Fabian: Yeah, that also happened, anyway, it was wild.

Adaine: It was not fun. Very scary.

Fabian: But we don't know any--

Adaine: He turned his head fully around.

Gorgug: And a mirror shattered.

Adaine: Yes.

Fabian: Yes.

Brennan: Sklonda and Sandra Lynn look and says, Sklonda and Sandra Lynn look
at each other. Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: I called Lola, Fig's agent. She got a crystal mail from Fig at
around four o'clock in the morning this morning to book a hotel room in
Bastion City.

Adaine: What?

Ally: Where is that?

Brennan: Bastion City is the capital of Solace, where the Council of Chosen
meet. It's like the big city.

Zac: That's south of us.

Adaine: Why would she do that and not tell us?

Kristen: It wasn't, I mean, something's wrong.

Gorgug: Maybe it was a spider version of her.

Adaine: Oh no.

Fabian: Ooh, that booked the trip?

Adaine: But Riz couldn't speak properly, the spider-Riz.

Kristen: I don't think that was Riz.

Fabian: Well, he did say that one thing that one time though.

Kristen: Because I banished it it would left Riz in our plane or would have
sent Riz--

Adaine: Right, but that, but that spider thing--

Brennan: Go ahead, give me Insight checks.

Siobhan: Okay.

[dice clatter] [disgusted groans]

Lou: 11.

Siobhan: I got a seven!

Zac: I got a 16.

Ally: Oh, I got a really high one. 25.

Brennan: Immediately, Gorgug, it occurs to you, because Adaine mentioned that
she wasn't really sleeping, so whatever happened didn't really happen. Riz
doesn't sleep. Hardly ever.

Siobhan: And Fig doesn't. Fig trances, right?

Brennan: Well, Fig-- No, Fig-- As a tiefling--

Siobhan: Oh, but as a tiefling.

Brennan: She fully sleeps. So, you don't think the same, and you, when you
were messing around with the piano stuff or actually, you might be interested
to go see Fig's room and see if there's any sign of struggle. Because it's
possible that different things happened to Fig and Riz.

Adaine: Huh. Yeah, let's go investigate Fig's room.

Gorgug: Yeah, he maybe fought whatever it was while he was awake. And then she
maybe experienced something different when she was asleep.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: I don't know.

Fabian: Good points.

Kristen: Is Bastion City the opposite way of where we were gonna go to visit
your sister and cousin?

Adaine: No, it's on the way.

Fabian: It's on the way.

Adaine: Also, we're still under discussion on that one.

Fabian: No, it's-- It's our best lead.

Kristen: We're definitely gonna go see your hot sister.

Zac: Can I go look at Fig's room?

Adaine: Please stop calling her my hot sister.

Brennan: You look at Fig's room. No sign of struggle. Looks like it was--

Fabian: What else would we call her?

Brennan: Thoroughly packed up for adventure stuff. Fig's bass is not here,
none of the stuff is here, all gone.

Kristen: Oh, Fig.

Zac: So she just willingly left, it seems.

Brennan: Willingly left.

Siobhan: Huh, that's so weird.

Brennan: Was able to write an email to her agent saying book a hotel room.

Siobhan: There's no like notes for us or anything? There's no confessions of
an emotional moment that--

Brennan: There's nothing, no nothing to you guys.

Adaine: That's so off for her.

Gorgug: Do you think she was brainwashed or whatever?

Adaine: I think she must have been.

Fabian: I mean, they got to Riz.

Adaine: This doesn't feel right.

Fabian: If they got to Riz, then they probably got Fig.

Siobhan: Is there a phone number for this hotel?

Brennan: Yes!

Kristen: Yeah, let's see if she checked in.

Brennan: So Sandra Lynn looks over and says,

Sandra Lynn: Well, that's easy to look up. But it's the Hotel Cavalier in
Bastion City. It's just a old waterfront hotel down by the water, down by the
harbor.

Adaine: Oh no. Scummy.

Fabian: Scummy, I mean, that feels, I feel like Fig would...

Adaine: Go for the scummy hotel?

Fabian: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that Sklonda looks over and says,

Sklonda: I don't know if this is anything, but I haven't heard from Gorthalax
all morning.

Adaine: Gorthalax?

Sklonda: Haven't heard from Gorthalax all morning.

Sklonda: The second that Fig [Fabian sighs heavily] went missing, I tried to
talk to him, because he should be able to find her. I should mention, Fig,
Gorthalax can find Fig wherever she is now, because he's officially granting
her spells. She's dabbled in Warlock. It feels okay because it's her dad, but,
you know.

Gorgug: So she's multiclassing?

Siobhan: Again? I mean, for the first time?

[knowing laughter]

Sklonda: Some people wanna stick with one class, and other people can't resist
the siren call of what other classes have to offer.

Siobhan: All right.

Brennan: But you know, that's all gravy, baby!

Fabian: Great, I mean, it feels like, we're going to Bastion City, all right?
I'm just gonna say it.

Adaine: Yeah. I agree.

Fabian: It sounds like we're taking a, we're at the beginning of our journey,
has been diverted from more important things to other things that also need to
happen.

Adaine: Yes.

Brennan: Sklonda says,

Sklonda: Okay. I'm gonna put out an APB, we're gonna get, the police are gonna
start looking for Riz wherever he is in town.

Brennan: She looks over at you and says,

Sklonda: Adaine, we have our own arcanist looking at it, but…

Adaine: Yes?

Sklonda: We had a robbery this morning, that we were investigating at the Elm
Valley Mall. There was a jewelry store down there that got robbed in a really
scary way. All the glass in it was shattered.

Adaine: Oh no.

Sklonda: But almost nothing was missing.

Adaine: Weird.

Gorgug: What was missing?

Kristen: What was missing?

Sklonda: My partner Dusty has that information down there, but…

Adaine: Okay.

Sklonda: You could also go, the owners are still down there, dealing with the
insurance.

Adaine: Yeah, I'll help.

Sklonda: But if you're heading to the highway to head down there, it's a quick
stop and they'll still be there probably all day.

Adaine: Oh yeah.

Kristen: I would get a cinnamon sugar pretzel.

Adaine: Oh yeah, absolutely.

Gorgug: What happened to those coffees?

Fabian: Gilear!

Brennan: You guys see a sweat-drenched Gilear walks up, he says,

Gilear: As I've mentioned, I do not have a car, so I had to walk here from
downtown on the shoulder of the highway. I was hit by a Vespa about halfway
and had to go back because I dropped the coffees.

Adaine: Gilear, why didn't you take an Uber?

Gilear: Oh, part of having my car repossessed is I can no longer use the app
for personal reasons. [sighs]

Adaine: Oh no.

Kristen: Are you okay?

Gorgug: They really hit you with that?

Adaine: That's so unfair.

Fabian: Honestly, this is good for you, Gilear. Getting your calves strong.

Gilear: I've inhaled a lot of road dust and exhaust--

Adaine: Or the bus?

Gilear: What?

Adaine: The bus.

Gilear: Huh?

Adaine: The bus.

Gilear: What bus?

Adaine: The Elm, the bus that goes everywhere in Elmville?

Gorgug: Can you take public transportation?

Gilear: Fig didn't give me an order, so I got her what I knew was her
favorite, plus a couple of safeties.

Adaine: No no no, the public transport bus that you could have taken.

Kristen: You could be taking the bus instead of walking.

Adaine: Instead of walking.

Gilear: Yes, yes absolutely, but the requested cafe actually has a number of
transfers, there's not a direct route here and one--

Adaine: And so you chose to walk instead?

Gilear: One of the bus drivers threatened on occasion to, and I'm quoting
verbatim here, "Stomp my goon ass" if I ever got on his bus again.

Adaine: Gilear, you don't have to come with us.

Fabian: No, Gilear is coming.

Kristen: You're a great intern, and I grab my drink, and I'm sure it's really
good.

Gorgug: Looking for the hot chocolate with a shot of decaf and shot of cortado
on top of that.

Gilear: Yes, that's right here. The people at the cafe didn't know what a
cortado was and they demanded that I make it so I had to figure that out.

Fabian: Gosh.

Adaine: Wow.

Kristen: This is just milk and lemonade.

Gilear: Do you want me to go back? I warn you, it will break me.

Kristen: No, hey, you were on foot so much, did you see Fig's van? There's no
way, right, it would have been in the middle of the night.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: Her bus?

[Brennan rolls]

Gorgug: Her bus.

Brennan: He says,

Gilear: Uh, yes.

Fabian: What?

Adaine: What, where did you see it?

Fabian: Sorry, what?

Gilear: I saw it pulling into the parking lot of the Elm Valley Mall.

Adaine: No.

Kristen: Wait, when?!

Gilear: Hmm?

Kristen: When?

Gilear: Very early this morning.

Kristen: When you were setting out to get the coffees?

Gilear: Pre-dawn.

Fabian: Gilear, this is a one-time thing. Hop on the back of The Hangman. Show
us where you saw the bus.

Gilear: If this is a prank, I should warn you, I am at my weakest and most
vulnerable.

Kristen: No, you did a really good job, actually.

Adaine: Jawbone, can we keep on carrying the bag?

Kristen: You're a great intern. See, the milk is actually curdling now, so
it's kind of like a smoothie.

[Fabian groans of disgust]

Adaine: I got a hot chocolate and a black coffee, which one would you like? A
mocha.

Kristen: Black coffee.

Brennan: Gilear looks over and says,

Gilear: Wait, you have the curdled lemon milk? That's actually mine.

Kristen: What, oh.

Gilear: Yes, I like this.

Kristen: Oh, great, that wasn't a big mistake?

Gilear: They don't make a lemon yogurt but they should.

Kristen: They definitely do, Gilear, it's sold everywhere. I would say maybe
one of the top yogurt flavors.

Gorgug: Lemon yogurt?

Fabian: Lemon yogurt I don't think is a thing.

[Ally blusters]

Adaine: Let's go to the mall.

Fabian: Okay, whoa!

Kristen: Did you guys not have moms on a diet growing up, wake up!

Fabian: Hop on the back, do not touch me.

Adaine: I for sure had a mom on a diet.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: I'll meet you there.

Fabian: Great.

Gorgug: Jawbone, do you mind if I take the car again?

Kristen: How about he drives?

Gorgug: Oh.

Jawbone: You got a second for me to put some pants on?

Adaine: Yes!

Brennan: You see he's still in the tighty-whiteys, it's fully 2:30 in the
afternoon, he goes,

Jawbone: Gilear, brother, come here, man!

Brennan: Gives him a big hug, you see he says,

Gilear: I am surrounded by the charming partners of the women who have left
me. Um...

Kristen: [hushed] Should we bring Jawbone?

Adaine: Instead? Yes.

Gorgug: Let’s just get out of here.

Fabian: No, Jawbone--

Adaine: He's faculty, so he can't.

Fabian: Yeah, he needs to be providing services to other people. Gilear,
though...

Kristen: Ok, ok.

Brennan: So! You take the car, Hangman, Gilear, and Fabian,

Lou: Fabian.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn and Baxter take off going their own way. Do you guys…
[singing wordlessly]

Lou: If you pull out a highway map...

Brennan: I was gonna ask, Tracker, Cathilda, and Ragh are the other people you
guys are planning on taking.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Are you swooping by to get them, or what are you guys doing?

Siobhan: Well, Tracker's here.

Brennan: Tracker's here.

Siobhan: So let's take Tracker.

Brennan: So in Jawbone's car is the three of you plus Tracker get into
Jawbone's--

Siobhan: Do we have space? How many people can fit in the van?

Zac: Do my parents have a van I could take?

Brennan: You parents do have a van.

Zac: I feel like there's probably a bigger vehicle we could take.

Lou: Could we text Ragh and have him meet us at the mall?

Brennan: Cool, you text Ragh, Ragh texts back.

Ragh: Hell yeah, on my way, cinnamon pretzels, what's good?

Siobhan: And Cathilda as well, I feel like Cathilda can make her way.

Brennan: Cool. So, you guys head to the mall. You arrive there, I'm gonna say
that actually because you guys are going much faster, these guys get there
first.

Ally: Yeah, that makes sense.

Brennan: So it's just Fabian, Gilear and Sandra Lynn first.

Kristen: Why did you take Gilear?

Lou: Because he knew where the bus was.

Ally: I'm sorry, you're right, you're right. I'm not there.

Brennan: Do you go to the Thistlespring tree to grab the van?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: You guys head to the Thistlespring tree, your parents go,

Digby: Well, hey there, bud, how's it going?

Gorgug: Hey, you know, there's a lot going on, but I was just wondering if we
could borrow the van for a little while?

Kristen: For like a month and a half?

Adaine: He's a really good driver.

Brennan: You see they look and they say,

Digby: Well, get the old adventure wagon back on its wheels! Me and your mom,
we went on so many adventures in that thing, yeah!

Gorgug: Cool.

Digby: Well, I'll tell you what, bud. You know, you're, sorry, is Gorgug 16 or
17 now?

Zac: I think he's 17 now.

Brennan: He's 17.

Digby: You're 17 years old, you got your license.

Gorgug: Uh-huh.

Digby: If you want to buy your first vehicle, me and your mom, we'd part with
the van for a song, buddy.

Gorgug: So I can just buy the van from you guys?

Digby: We got the deed, we got the title, we'll sign it over to you. A young
man needs his own party van!

Gorgug: Oh! Yeah, I will buy, how much do you want for it?

Digby: Well, you know, when we bought it, it was, I think, a couple hundred
gold, but we've had it for, gosh, almost 22 years, so I think the Blue Book on
it, let's do--

Gorgug: 1000 gold?

Adaine: No!

Digby: What?

Adaine: What are you doing?

Gorgug: You want 1000 gold?

Digby: No!

Adaine: 35.

Digby: 35 sounds very fair, we'll take 35 gold for it.

Fabian: 30, that's--

Digby: And that's being, and drive it in health, bud, that's great! You know,
we'd give it to you for free, but it feels good to buy and own your own thing,
you know? There you go, bud.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Digby: Well, hop on in!

Brennan: You see this rusty, old, big, it's just like a clunker van in the
back, the grass has grown up around it behind the tree. But it works! You hop
in and they say,

Digby: While you're getting used to it, give it a couple weeks, okay, and then
when you've got it good and ready and you know how to drive it, that button on
the right unlocks the secret panel. And then, you can mess with that.

Gorgug: Secret panel?

Digby: You'll figure it out, you have a great adventure, pal! Go get 'em!

Gorgug: Okay thanks, thanks for the van. My own Adventuremobile.

Kristen: Your parents are such, they're great at gearing you up.

Adaine: They're great. They're so cool.

Brennan: Cool, so you guys head off. Sorry, yes, Kristen?

Ally: Can we swing by my house really quick? But far away from it.

Siobhan: Wait, your parents' house?

Ally: Yeah, and just like squeak by there? Is that kind of on the way?

Siobhan: I think it's nowhere, is it anywhere near?

Brennan: You guys can go there. Because you're gonna go pick up Cathilda and
Ragh as well.

Siobhan: Ragh is meeting us at the mall.

Brennan: Oh, Ragh is meeting you at the mall, right?

Zac: Sure.

Brennan: You drive over there. Fabian, you arrive there, Sandra Lynn lands,
[whooshes] bow over her thing, griffin in the parking lot. Gilear gets off and
says,

Gilear: How do you manage the vibrations of the motorcycle and the effects it
has on your digestive tract? I feel like everything within me's been shaken
loose.

Fabian: What? I mean, I--

Gilear: I need to use the restroom right away.

Fabian: Gilear, literally, I never want to hear about your bowels or your
insides ever again.

Gilear: If I don't move quickly, you will hear more than about them.

Fabian: Oh my, oh gosh. [groans in disgust]

Brennan: He runs up to the restroom, Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Don't worry about it--

Fabian: How did you ever, I'm not gonna lie, you seem like an incredibly
intelligent and cool person, and like Fig's not here, so I'll say this right
now, this, that man is, how, how? How?

Sandra Lynn: Fabian, relax. He took the divorce very hard. He was not always
like this. Okay?

Fabian: If you say so.

Sandra Lynn: He was, in hindsight, more similar to this than I imagined. But
he was not always exactly like this, okay?

Fabian: Okay.

Sandra Lynn: He… Look. I'm right now your employee. So let's try to keep
things above board, what do you say?

Fabian: I just, it's… We need to find Fig.

Sandra Lynn: Okay.

Brennan: You walk into the mall and you see there's like caution tape up,
there's some Elmville PD around. And you see that there is this jewelry store
that's been smashed. And there's some insurance agents that are coming there,
some people that own it. And you see that there's a young earth genasi woman
who is talking to some people there. She looks over at you guys, as you
approach, Sandra Lynn approaches and says,

Sandra Lynn: Hi, sorry to interrupt, my name is Sandra Lynn Faeth, I'm a
Solician Ranger, I'm here with Fabian Seacaster, who's an adventurer--

Fabian: Fabian Aramais Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster. Ever heard of him?

Sandra Lynn: He is currently dispatched by the Aguefort Adventuring Academy
investigating matters that pertain to the robbery that occurred here.

Lou: I'm gonna go ahead and full lift up the caution tape.

Fabian: All right, so what do we got going here? What's the situation?

Brennan: You see that a rookie cop comes over and says,

Rookie Cop: Well boss, I tell you here, it looks like we got a real sma-

Brennan: And you see that the captain says,

Captain: Stop that, Jenkins, that's a child!

Fabian: All right, well hold on, what was he saying, we got a smash and what?

Rookie Cop: He said it with so much authority, boss!

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn, as you start looking around, the cop starts
leading you in. You see a bunch of scattered gems on the ground--

Fabian: Mmm, some scattered gems over here on the ground...

Brennan: Give me an Investigation check.

Lou: What would Riz do in this moment? [laughing] Nat 1, all right. I'm doing
my best impression of Riz Gukgak in this moment.

Brennan: You end up trying to impersonate Riz and biting down hard on a piece
of glass.

Fabian: Ow!

Adaine: I'm getting a horrifying vision.

[crying in pain continues]

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks over at you talking to the shopowner and says,

Sandra Lynn: Get a pretzel! Fabian, get a pretzel! [Fabian continues to cry]
Get a pretzel, go! [so much crying] Goddamnit, have a goddamn goodberry!

Brennan: And she gives you a goodberry.

Fabian: Ow!

Sandra Lynn: Go get a pretzel, what's the matter with you?!

Fabian: It was Riz would, he bites stuff!

Sandra Lynn: He will taste things, sometimes! Are you full crying?!

Fabian: No!

Lou: I full sprint.

Brennan: Like dancer leaps, sprinting into the mall. You are like sitting with
a pretzel a little bit later.

Fabian: It hurts so much!

Brennan: She walks over to you and says [quietly groans]. About ten minutes
later, you see that Ragh shows up, looks at you full crying, and you see he
goes,

Ragh: Hey, what's going on?

Fabian: Shut up!

Ragh: Dude, honestly, be real, are you crying right now?

Fabian: Yes, I just wanted to do… I tried to act like The Ball and I got all
bitey like he does, [imitates growly chewing] He's always doing that, and I
just bit some glass, I don't know, I thought… I thought he could taste
fingerprints or something, I don't know!

Ragh: Dude. You are not The Ball, dude, you are Fabian Aramais Seacaster,
right?

Fabian: Yeah, I do flips and stuff, I don't--

Ragh: You do flips and stuff, man!

Fabian: Bite things.

Ragh: It's not on that.

Fabian: All right.

Ragh: Dude, you think I'm over here, beating the shit out of myself every time
I bite a bunch of glass?!

Fabian: Sorry--

Ragh: Dude, I bite glass everyday! On accident!

Fabian: So you're telling me this is not like a crazy thing that--

Ragh: No, dude!

Fabian: Okay!

Ragh: Glass is literally invisible!

Fabian: Yeah, yeah!

Ragh: How do you know it's there all the time?

Fabian: Exactly!

Ragh: In your mouth, near your mouth?

Fabian: That's exactly what happened. I thought I was picking something else,
but there was invisible glass in my hand, and I bit that instead. You're the
best, you know that? I'm so excited you're here. I cannot wait. We're going to
do great things, Ragh Barkrock.

Brennan: He goes in and he's like,

Ragh: Brother, come on in, hoot growl, baby.

Fabian: Hoot growl!

Both: Hoot growl, hoot growl, hoot growl!

Fabian: Let's get some cinnamon pretzels in this bitch!

[Ragh whoops]

Brennan: You guys go over--

Fabian: Sandra, we'll talk about crime stuff in a second.

Brennan: She looks over and says,

Sandra Lynn: I found out what happ, okay.

Fabian: We gotta get these pretzels.

Brennan: You both in your Aguefort letter jackets [Fabian whoops] walk over.
Ragh--

Lou: Just push people.

Brennan: He's like shoving you but also like lovingly taking the tears off
your face with his thumb.

Fabian: Man, I haven't cried in a minute!

Brennan: He's like,

Ragh: That's my fucking QB dude, and if he cries and you make fun of him, it's
your ass, dude!

Fabian: What, what!

Brennan: So you guys get pretzels. The rest of you guys roll up. You roll by
Seacaster Manor, you got Tracker, Kristen, Adaine, and Gorgug in the van. You
got Boggy, you pick up Cathilda who's got like a lovely little floral suitcase
and her little sweatpants.

Ally: Cute!

Brennan: And her athletic headband.

Cathilda: Right, well, hello there, pleasure. Oh, lovely, you've got a little
van here.

Gorgug: It's a lot easier to drive when it doesn't have stick.

Brennan: You see she says,

Cathilda: Aye, and that it is. That's for sure.

Gorgug: It's automatic.

Brennan: You see she gets in, looks around, and says,

Cathilda: Would anybody here like a biscuit?

Kristen: Yes!

Adaine: Yes, please.

Brennan: And she hands out biscuits to everybody. You guys roll over from
there.

Kristen: Can we swing by my house?

Brennan: Yes, you swing by the Applebees residence.

Kristen: Can you Mage Hand some of this gold into my brothers' rooms.

Zac: Aww.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: Thanks, let's go.

Adaine: That's very sad.

Kristen: That's all I needed to do.

Zac: Aww!

Brennan: You Mage Hand some gold through the window into your brothers' rooms.

Adaine: Do you wanna send a note with that?

Kristen: Just drive.

Adaine: Your parents aren't gonna get mad that they suddenly have gold?

Kristen: Just drive!

Brennan: Tracker goes,

Tracker: Drive! [snarls]

Adaine: Okay!

Brennan: You head away, go ahead and mark down how much gold that you give
them. And you guys peel off and get to the mall. As you arrive there in the
parking lot, you see--

Lou: 3000?

Ally: 3000.

Brennan: Ragh and Fabian are out near the parking lot, near Baxter, huge
cinnamon pretzels.

Lou: Yes!

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn steps out as you guys arrive. So the whole
crew is assembled here, minus Gilear. She looks at everybody and says,

Sandra Lynn: I've talked to the owner. She was a little reticent to talk about
it because she was dealing with the insurance company, but only one item went
missing.

Adaine: Okay.

Kristen: What was it?

Sandra Lynn: It was an item called The Devil's Heart which was a flawless
24-carat ruby.

Adaine: The Devil's Heart. Well, that's not foreboding.

Sandra Lynn: Not magical.

Adaine: Oh!

Kristen: Or so they think.

Fabian: Oh, you know who used to be trapped in a ruby? [hums of assent] Is
Gorthalax, I mean, I wasn't going to say it.

Kristen: No, but it's Gorthalax.

Fabian: But then you gestured to me and I--

Brennan: Ragh, Ragh does that thing where it's like a hug and a full body
shake, and he goes,

Ragh: See, you're fucking great at clues, dude! Hell yeah! I'm here trying to
gas my--

Gorgug: Ragh, you got a bunch of ice, is that ice of what is in your mouth?

Ragh: Glass, dude!

Fabian: It's a thing that happens to people.

Kristen: Are you bleeding?

Ragh: You don't always know if you're eating glass or not.

Adaine: Yeah no, I think--

Fabian: I just ate a really sharp piece of cinnamon pretzel.

Adaine: Do we have to bring him?

Kristen: [whispered] I don't know.

Fabian: Oh, he's coming.

Kristen: Okay great.

Adaine: Why is Fabian making all of these decisions?

Kristen: I don't understand.

Fabian: I'm not making all, all right, Tracker's coming, Ragh's my guy! And
also Cathilda is my guy.

Kristen: Okay.

Adaine: And Zayne is maybe coming.

Brennan: Cathilda looks over and says,

Cathilda: Charmed, would you lovely boys want a biscuit?

Fabian: We just ate so many cinnamon pretzels.

Brennan: Ragh goes,

Ragh: I'll have a biscuit, yeah.

Brennan: [laughing] He looks over, you see that Ragh looks over, I don't think
he has hung out with Tracker that much before, but he looks over at Tracker
and just goes,

Ragh: I like your whole deal, what's up?

Brennan: And she looks over and says,

Tracker: Hey man, how's it going?

Brennan: He leans in and is like,

Ragh: Check it out, I'm gay.

Ally: "Check it out, I'm gay?!"

Siobhan: You know when you're gay, you're having to come out to everybody all
the time and...

Brennan: You see that Tracker, her eyebrows go up and she's like,

Tracker: Tight, cool, okay, great great great.

Ally: I'm secretly pulling on the back of her jacket the whole time, like,
This is happening!

Brennan: She looks over and says,

Tracker: Ragh and Fabian, Ragh and Gorgug?

Kristen: I mean, he just said "he's my guy."

[athletic and heteronormative grunting]

Ragh: This fucking guy, he gets me in a headlock, dude, yeah, what's up dude?
[Fabian imitates punching] [Ragh whoops] Pals, pals!

Kristen: I think he, yeah, there could be some fluidity there.

Zac: I just wanna pull Ragh aside for a second and say,

Gorgug: Ragh, you didn't have a weird dream last night, did you?

Ragh: Oh, I did have a super weird dream.

Gorgug: You did?

Ragh: Yeah!

Gorgug: What happened?

Ragh: I was standing, I couldn't see anything, my face was wet and I was
standing in a place that sounded loud and smelled like salt, and I turned, and
I couldn't see but I knew someone was there, and I asked them if they were my
dad.

Gorgug: Okay.

Ragh: I don't know who my dad is.

Gorgug: Yeah, we talked about this.

Ragh: We talked about it, man. It meant a lot. We really bonded over that.

Gorgug: I'm glad that that meant a lot to you and I appreciate it.

Zac: I relay that to everyone else.

Kristen: Oh!

Adaine: Ooh.

Gorgug: Should I tell him that that--

Ally: Can I ask Tracker if she had a dream?

Brennan: Tracker looks and says,

Tracker: No, well, I did. I had a dream that I was running on all fours and I
found a bunch of innocent people in a village and I killed and ate them, but
that's not out--

Kristen: That's a normal dream for you?

Tracker: That's a normal dream for me, yeah.

Adaine: Wow, that's a lot.

Fabian: Hey Cathilda, do maids dream? Is that a thing that maids do?

Kristen and Gorgug: Do maids dream?

Ally and Zac both put their heads in their hands.

Cathilda: Fabian, my darling boy, yes, of course maids dream. You know we're
full people.

Fabian: I mean, yeah, but like, you're also a maid. You're half maid, half
person, you know.

Cathilda: Yes, but you're a person and you're also a cheeky boy!

Fabian: Did you have like a crazy nightmare last night or something?

Cathilda: I had a little bit of a nightmare, yes.

Fabian: What was happening?

Cathilda: I remembered the time when I was aboard The Hangman with your father
and I watched my husband get caught in the rigging and hung during a storm.
Sorry, hanged.

Adaine: I'm so sorry.

Cathilda: Ooh, it's all right. He was a devil of a man.

Adaine: Like, literally a devil of a man?

Cathilda: No, just one of the most notorious halfling pirates. He served as
first mate under Captain Seacaster for a long time and there was real love
there but also genuine hatred. The marriage was hard at times. But yes, I had
some memories of a terrible fight in a storm when I was a member of your
father's crew.

Gorgug: Wait, so why did they want you to come here--

Siobhan: I'm gonna go talk to the owner.

Brennan: Cool, you and go talk to the owner. The owner is still there. But
yeah, young earth genasi woman. She looks up to you and says,

Owner: Hi, are you from the insurance company?

Adaine: No. I'm here, I'm assisting the police.

Owner: Okay.

Adaine: In an arcane capacity.

Owner: Oh, okay, yes. Are you from Aguefort?

Adaine: Yeah.

Owner: Lovely, great. So I don't know if you can use magic to find out who...

Adaine: I mean, I can try. Yeah.

Ally: Are there security cameras or...

Siobhan: Can I cast Detect Magic?

Brennan: Cool, you cast Detect Magic, you do the ritual to cast it. The
Shatter spell was cast here.

Siobhan: Ah, okay.

Brennan: It was cast by a bard.

Siobhan: Hmm.

Brennan: Give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: I'm gonna have a Help action from my little Boggy buddy. And that's a
good thing, because I got a nat 20.

Brennan: Fig came here. You recognize Fig's magic.

Adaine: Ah. Mmm. Interesting. Yes. This seems, I'm gonna talk to the police
about what I have found here. Which is some clues!

Owner: Great, love that, would love to get to the bottom of this. Yes!

Adaine: Yes. And they will help you more.

Siobhan: Can I cast Mending on some of this stuff?

Brennan: Sure, absolutely.

Siobhan: Somewhat futile because it's on each break and it's glass, but

Brennan: On each break, putting the glass back together. You start casting and
you see that a cop comes over to you and says,

Cop: Are you Miss Adaine Abernant?

Adaine: Yes, that's me.

Cop: Great, we have a little APB about you because, you know, we were at war
with your family's nation and you're an important spiritual figure, so we had
a little thing.

Adaine: Right, that's understandable. Yeah.

Cop: Thanks so much for helping out, love this. This is tampering with a crime
scene.

Adaine: Oh, right!

Cop: So I'm gonna ask you to stop.

Adaine: I'm so sorry! I was just trying to--

Cop: You're a good egg, we get it!

Adaine: The mess was really stressing me out.

Cop: Listen, we keep things fast and loose here at the Elmville PD, we're not
trying to bust anybody's balls.

Adaine: You're great.

Lou: "Fast and loose."

Adaine: You're the best police.

Cop: Hey, you know, for the most part, we go and investigate, but you got the
Adventuring Academy and you know, yeah.

Adaine: Did you go to the Adventuring Academy?

Cop: No, I went to Mumple.

Adaine: Mumple's also a great school.

Cop: Hey, I hear ya. Well… So if you can use magic to undo what you did,
that'd be great.

Adaine: Yeah.

Siobhan: I just kind of smash it. I have no way of doing what it was that that
Fig did.

Cop: How about it, magic is wild.

Adaine: Wow, yep, that, that was magical.

Siobhan: Can I cast Locate Creature on Fig? I think the likelihood of her
being within 1000 feet is me low, but...

Brennan: You cast the spell, nothing comes back.

Ally: Can I call the hotel and see if she's checked in?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, you call the Hotel Cavalier? You call the Hotel Cavalier. You
hear a voice come up and say,

Concierge: This is the Hotel Cavalier. To whom do I have the pleasure of
speaking?

Kristen: Oh hi, yeah, this is Teddy Geiger. And I am calling...

Gorgug: Did she just say Teddy Geiger?

Fabian: Yeah, I believe she said her name was Teddy Geiger.

Kristen: TB Geeger--

Gorgug: She looked at her teddy bear and looked at that store.

Kristen: And I'm… Exactly.

Adaine: Wow, it's crazy that they have a Geiger counter store in the mall.

Kristen: I'm sorry, I'm with all my colleagues. We are calling to see if our
colleague already checked into this hotel.

Concierge: I'm so sorry, we don't give away guest information.

Kristen: Oh, no problem. We are actually, I'm the assistant, and I would lose
my job if I'm not able to you know, get this information. I have all of her
confirmation numbers.

Concierge: You're who's assistant?

Kristen: We're looking for Fig.

Concierge: Fig?

Adaine: Figueroth Faeth.

Kristen: Figueroth Faeth.

Concierge: Oh, the extremely famous rock star?

Kristen: Yes, and that is even more reason why I have to make sure that she
checked in. You know rock stars, they're always overdosing and you gotta make
sure that they're still alive for the show!

Concierge: Sure, absolutely. So, you're Figueroth Faeth's assistant, okay, and
you're calling--

Siobhan: Can I cast Friends through the phone?

Brennan: [Laughing] Go ahead and give me a Persuasion check with disadvantage.

Ally: Interesting!

  
Brennan: Bowling Ally.

Ally: Hey, okay cool. So it's a 21.

Zac: With disadvantage?

Ally: Oh no, sorry, yep, no, you're right.

Brennan: Seven plus...

Ally: Six, so 13.

Brennan: You see, the voice says,

Concierge: So, you're Figueroth Faeth's assistant--

Kristen: Yes, and I have some Narcan that needs to get to her immediately.

Concierge: Gotcha. And your best way of finding out where your employer is is
to call me, the front desk of the hotel.

Kristen: Look, let me level with you, what did you eat for lunch today?

Adaine: Take the phone.

Gorgug: Can I grab it?

Adaine: Take the phone.

Gorgug: Listen, hi, this is Gorgug Thistlespring, you might know me from the
same band.

Concierge: Oh! Hi. Hi, Mr. Thistlespring, hello.

Gorgug: I'm just, I also, clearly I'm checking in there.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me just a flat Persuasion roll.

Zac: Persuasion, I got a 10.

Brennan: [laughing] So she says,

Concierge: Yes, Mr. Thistlespring, we have a room ready for you.

Gorgug: Great. And just double-checking, did Fig check in?

Concierge: Mr. Thistlespring, I'm so sorry--

Gorgug: She was talking about doing this thing with her friends, so I was just
figuring out, because I was thinking of bringing my friend Teddy Geiger and I
was wondering if there was a free room.

Adaine: [whispered] Assistant, her assistant.

Gorgug: My friend, well, you see, it's funny because Fig's assistant is my
friend. That's how she got the job.

Concierge: Well, how about this. We will… We can't give away guest
information--

Gorgug: Sure sure sure.

Concierge: But, what we can do is we'll leave a note at the front desk and if
that person has checked in all we're gonna do is let them know and they'll get
in touch with you right away.

Gorgug: Cool.

Kristen: [whispered] Don't do that, don't do that.

Gorgug: One second.

Fabian: Hi, this is Fabian Aramais Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster.

Concierge: Okay.

Fabian: I’m sure you know Bill Seacaster.

Brennan rolls.

Concierge: Yes, Bill Seacaster, Terror of the Sea.

Fabian: Yes, fantastic, I'm gonna need Fig's information, where is she, how's
she doing, vitals, everything.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me Persuasion with disadvantage.

Lou: Great. Two nat 20s. That's a 10.

Concierge: Well, Mr. Seacaster, as I've said to the two other people standing,
I assume right next to you--

Fabian: Yeah, Teddy Geiger and--

Concierge: And Gorgug Thistlespring.

Fabian: Yes.

Concierge: We don't give away guest information.

Fabian: Okay.

Concierge: So there's nothing I can do.

Fabian: Okay, one second, one second I'mma put you on with my friend. Do it,
Adaine, you got this.

Kristen: You can do it!

Fabian: This is it.

Adaine: I hang up.

Kristen: [yelling] No! What are you doing?!

Fabian: You were the one!

Brennan: You see that Boggy the Frog goes [imitates frog] in a little way of
like, That's a good thing, phone anxiety is real. Don't do that, you don't
need to put yourself through that.

Gorgug: We were just wearing him down so much, we just, we fully--

Fabian: Exactly! It was a bowling pin situation.

Kristen: Isn't this--

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you guys and says,

Sandra Lynn: Look, we have all the information we need from here. Let's get in
the van and hit the old dusty.

Kristen: I was gonna ask what they had for lunch, and I was gonna say, I'll
double it.

Fabian: Oh, that's good.

Adaine: For lunch? Let's leave, get in the van.

Brennan: You see that Gilear comes out all the way through the mall he has
toilet paper stuck to his shoe that goes fully back down the mall.

Ally: To the roll.

Brennan: To the roll.

Ally: Great.

Siobhan: I Mage Hand it off his heel, I can't even deal with having the
interaction with him.

Brennan: He's going to make a Dexterity check.

Siobhan: No!

Brennan: A Dexterity saving throw. That's a 12, what's your DC?

Siobhan: My spell save DC is 15.

Brennan: He fully faceplants as you Mage Hand. He goes,

Gilear: [grunts] Ah!

Adaine: Gilear, I'm so sorry.

Gilear: What has happened?

Siobhan: I help him up.

Gilear: Thank you.

Adaine: [whispered] We don't have to take him.

Brennan: You see that he looks up, he says,

Gilear: I am very sorry, I was engaged in a true battle of wills there in the
bathroom for the better part of the last 90 minutes.

Adaine: No. Don't, that's because you were drinking lemonade and milk mixed
together.

Fabian: That's right, he was drinking--

Adaine: Don't do that again.

Gorgug: We're all about to hop in the van.

Fabian: Yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, let's go, let's get a move on.

Gorgug: I just wanna double check. Do you need to go back in there?

Gilear: Yes.

Fabian: Will you make it quick?

Adaine: Please.

Gilear: I can't--

Kristen: Can't we just make him a little nest to shit in in the van?

Adaine: Can you just heal him?

Fabian: Can you, what do you take--

Adaine: Cast, you have so many healing spells!

Ally: All right, I cast Bane on...

[laughing]

Brennan: You cast Bane on Gilear? You can Bane, he full shits himself in the
middle of the mall. [imitates things falling]

Adaine: We have to be in the van with him, stop doing bits.

Brennan: And he says,

Gilear: My problem has solved itself in the worst possible way.

Kristen: Great!

Adaine: Great. I cast Mending on him to clean him up.

Brennan: He's cleaned up and you see he says,

Gilear: I won't lie, this is deeply humiliating, but honestly a better use of
all of our time. If this needs to be the way this happens going forward, I can
live with it.

Kristen: No, you're right, we're sorry, this is too sad.

Adaine: This is, come on.

Kristen: You did a great job, you're wearing the intern lanyard, which did you
buy that separately?

Adaine: It seems that you made.

Kristen: Did you make that?

Gorgug: Officially, what is our hireling situation? We have-

Fabian: Ragh Barkrock, Cathilda the Maid.

Kristen: Last name "The Maid."

Adaine: And human, halfling.

Brennan: Cathilda looks up and says,

Cathilda: My last name is actually Ceili, if anyone's wondering.

Kristen: Yes.

Adaine: Cathilda Ceili. Thank you, Cathilda.

Fabian: AKA The Maid!

Adaine: Legitimate halfling person.

Fabian: Who is also a maid!

Gorgug: Tracker...

Adaine: See, the nice thing about having Unseen Servants as a child is that
they were dehumanized, so I always make sure that I know the difference.

Kristen: Tracker, Cathilda.

Gorgug: Ragh.

Adaine: Ragh.

Gorgug: And then--

Brennan: Sandra Lynn, and Gilear.

Adaine: Sandra Lynn. And Gilear.

Fabian: Gilear is our intern.

Gorgug: Great.

Kristen: Gilear is the intern, yeah.

Brennan: Gilear looks around and says,

Gilear: Very well, let us embark in that case.

Lou: Where's the van?

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn points and says,

Sandra Lynn: The van, all right.

Brennan: You see that Gorgug's got the Thistlespring van out there. Old
clunker of a van. So, just for some mise-en-scene, we have a griffin flying
over the highway with Sandra Lynn on it, Fabian on The Hangman, and then in
the van, we've got Kristen and Tracker, Adaine and Gorgug, Adaine's shotgun
and Gorgug's driving. Cathilda, Ragh, and then Gilear way in the far back.

[Fabian whoops]

Kristen: Gilear can hop on with you again, if you want.

Fabian: Uh… [imitates engine revving]

Brennan: He says,

Gilear: Fabian, if you would like me to ride on the back of The Hangman, I
can. I warn you, it didn't sit well with me last time.

Fabian: Yes, we were talking before you all arrived about the vibrations and
how they affect his insides.

Adaine: No, thank you.

Fabian: I'll be riding solo.

Brennan: So you guys get in the van, on The Hangman, and on the griffin.
Sandra Lynn-

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: Was that, what's up?

Ally: Can I talk to, before we leave, to… What I am thinking of? Riz's mom?

Brennan: Yes, Riz's mom actually pulls up in a squad car before you guys are
about to head out.

Ally: Can I show her the photo and ask who was in this photo with her husband?

Lou: Yes!

Brennan: Great call.

Fabian: There you go. There you go. Look at that, we don't need The Ball!

Brennan: She… So what do you- so, you see Sklonda pull up, talk to Sandra Lynn
a little bit. She looks and says,

Sklonda: Okay, we're gonna keep peeling, keeping our eyes peeled for Riz here.
If I know Riz, if he's somewhere, no one would be able to keep Riz tied up for
long and if he's anywhere, he'd be chasing Fig down.

Kristen: Yeah.

Sklonda: So. As like as anywhere, he's following Fig to Bastion City as well.
Kristen, what is it you need help with?

Kristen: Yeah, actually, we went to his office and we saw signs of a struggle
and we ended up fighting something that that wasn't him but took his form, but
before we did, we found this photo and it looks like it's of your late
husband, but he has his arm out. Was he like a joker like that? Would he be
pretending...

Brennan: She takes the photo and she says,

Sklonda: What do you mean he has his arm out?

Kristen: Like you know, he's got arm out, kind of like fake-

Zac: Can we look at the picture again?

Brennan: Same picture.

Adaine: Who do you see there?

Sklonda: His partner, Kalina.

Adaine: What do you mean, his partner?

Sklonda: What do you mean, what do I see there?

Kristen: His partner?

Adaine: But isn't he Riz's dad?

Sklonda: Yeah, not partner in a romantic sense. He was working for Solace deep
undercover in the foreign service and--

Gorgug: We can't see anybody in the picture.

Adaine: We can't see anybody there.

Kristen: We just see him holding his arm out.

Sklonda: What do you mean you can't see anybody there?

Fabian: We just see, in the center, that red circle, is nothing.

Adaine: Nothing.

Ally: Can we show it to everybody else and see if everybody else sees that
too?

Brennan: You look and see… She looks around and, let me see. Ragh, Cathilda,
Sandra Lynn, [rattles off mathematically] Sandra Lynn takes it and says,

Sandra Lynn: I can see somebody.

Adaine: Oh, so what are we-

Kristen: What do you see working with?

Adaine: What does Sandra Lynn see?

Brennan: You see she says,

Sandra Lynn: I see a tabaxi woman in a dress.

Adaine: Did you meet her--

Brennan: By the way, tabaxi, for those who don't know, are catfolk. You see
she says,

Sandra Lynn: It's a tabaxi woman in a dress.

Brennan: And you see that Sklonda says,

Sklonda: Right, that's who the photograph is of. It's Kalina.

Adaine: So you never met her?

Sklonda: No, I met Kalina many times.

Siobhan: Sandra Lynn did?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: No, I've never met this woman.

Ally: So are they both...

Zac: A certain age?

Ally: Yeah, an age or a race?

Siobhan: No, they're very different.

Fabian: It would seem that there's some spell upon the photo that keeps us
from seeing it.

Adaine: But it doesn't have a spell on it!

Fabian: But not...

Kristen: Yeah, you've checked.

Sklonda: Are you sure it doesn't have a spell on it?

Siobhan: Can I cast Dispel Magic on it?

Brennan: You can Dispel Magic on it, [whooshes] nothing happens.

Adaine: I mean...

Gorgug: Maybe it's a higher--

Adaine: I cast Detect Magic, it says there's no magic on it. I cast Dispel
Magic, nothing happened.

Brennan: Sklonda says,

Sklonda: I'm sure I believe you. Look, Kalina worked as an agent on behalf of
Fallinel, the elven homeland. She was an ally of a number of… She moved to
Fallinel originally… She wasn't from Fallinel originally, but she grew up
there in the secret service. She was a very accomplished spy and she worked
hand in hand when the elven government and the Solician government
collaborated. So she worked with Pok for a long, long time. But she… You know
what? She was a very gifted spy, and it's possible that she had some cloaking
magic on her or something like that.

Adaine: Then, that's so strange, why would you be able to see her and we
can't?

Kristen: Why would both of these women be able to see her?

Adaine: Do you have Darkvision?

Brennan: Both Sandra Lynn and Sklonda say,

Adaine: Yeah, we both do.

Kristen: Does anyone else here have Darkvision?

Adaine: No.

Kristen: Do you?

Gorgug: I have Darkvision.

Adaine: Oh.

Brennan: Yeah, you can't see anything.

Kristen: Well, we have Sandra on our party, right, with us, so that's good.

Brennan: Sklonda looks and says,

Sklonda: Clearly Riz figured something out. So I would ask him.

Brennan: And she points to the red marker. She says,

Sklonda: I haven't seen Calina in years. Obviously, Pok passed away when Riz
was very young. But other than that...

Adaine: Thank you.

Kristen: Cool, thank you, we're good.

Adaine: We're gonna go find Riz.

Brennan: She looks up and says,

Sklonda: Why did you mention the thing about the joke, about Pok joking?

Gorgug: Well, like, why would he, because we see nothing, so he has his arm
out...

Sklonda: Right, got it, sorry. The funny thing about this picture, why we kept
it is there is a joke, which is Kalina is joking because Kalina didn't drink.
So she's raising her paw but there's nothing in it. She's not… The reason Pok
looks so charming is that he's cheers-ing and she's not.

Adaine: Unless she has an invisible drink.

Sklonda: That could be it, maybe that's it. I'm gonna keep looking for my son.

Adaine: Sounds right.

Sklonda: Best of luck finding Fig. I'm sure if you find one, you'll find some
way to the other. Be in touch, I'm on my crystal. As long as you're within the
bounds of Solace, you're in service, please keep me apprised, okay?

Fabian: We're bringing The Ball back.

Sklonda: I prefer Riz, Fabian, but that's okay.

[Fabian blusters]

Adaine: Let's go get our Ball back!

Kristen: He likes it.

Adaine: Let's go.

Brennan: "Let's go get our Ball back!" So, you guys take off. You guys peel
out.

Siobhan: Does this count as a short rest?

Brennan: This does count as a short rest.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: We look cool as hell.

Brennan: I love this. You guys hit the road.

[rocking road trip music]

Brennan: As you do so, peeling down the highway, [imitates engine] thing up
there, Sandra Lynn looking in the distance, going to find her daughter, you
guys tear off. Towns pass by, this is the first time in the world of Fantasy
High we've ever left Elmville! True adventure! Tracker… So in the very back of
the van, Gilear is taking lunch orders for people to call ahead down the road.
Tracker and Kristen are side by side, she's got her hand on your knee with her
head leaning against you. You've got Cathilda sitting next to Ragh, passing
out snacks. And then in the front seat, you've got Adaine and Gorgug. And then
Fabian side by side and Sandra Lynn overhead. You guys tear down, make it all
the way to Bastion City and pull up in front of the harbor hotel, The Hotel
Cavalier in the spiring downtown sections. Get it, spiring, spire?

Siobhan: Boo.

Brennan: Of the place where it all happens. Millions of fantastical
inhabitants of the busy, bustling metropolis of Bastion City. And with that,
that's all for this week on Fantasy High.

[cries of anticipation]

Brennan: Tune in next week as we kick down the door of the Hotel Cavalier!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 3: Havoc at the Hotel
Cavalier](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRmzdO5IU1L_QoeGrh_SVZhrKt9v4LMchphzNd9-MgDS1JP7ZmAVRwMyjPR_2rDXBM1gMYdNOrU_tNz/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650508795829&usg=AOvVaw28U9AENqAWdFEqj-H7QHWJ)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: starboysisko

Edited by: gluegunshots, desiderata, matthew

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoyGtRCBxK9a_o8eIFCDPwg3g2-iE7E_GiH0FvahXretH0Ze3C-aqITuHSd2XWUMsk4RPAqTYejXVPAwPJU:0)

Episode 3: Havoc at the Hotel Cavalier

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 3: Havoc at the Hotel Cavalier

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSz0cqIlyixzjaa6AwjAen2-cjuj90RGCF99XTwflEexB7QFojGKYUcZ80WXbum_2CAIhLosPoId4sC/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650512502537&usg=AOvVaw1RwcsFlA3nNNVmlNOh5nUs)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRuJQLD91mq74goawU
--
8175VwasnadKLoaxVrlmhN9XZRLxJw2GbNus_txt27nFPo7Arkclq1AGzAZ/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650512503000&usg=AOvVaw2zSDdkd68zbQv434qP_ErQ)]
>

Brennan: Hello! And welcome to Dimension 20 live! My name is Brennan Lee
Mulligan, I’m your humble dungeon master. The question is, with Riz and Fig
missing, do we have all of our intrepid heroes here? Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh my goodness, back from Europe, it's delightful! Guys, this is
Dimension 20 Live presents Fantasy High: Sophomore Year. This is a weekly
actual play D&D show where we go into the recurring adventures of the Bad
Kids, heroes of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy. Some business to clear up
real quick up top. Number one, we just finished another season of our show
that you can find on Dropout.tv about adventures in magical New York City. The
Unsleeping City had its final finale this last Tuesday, so if you wanna watch
us in a different world with different adventures, you go to Dropout.tv, make
that happen. Another thing we wanna talk about is to clear up how the heck are
you guys supposed to watch Dimension 20 Live, the continuing adventures of the
Bad Kids, of our heroes from the Aguefort Adventuring Academy? It's real
simple. Every Wednesday night at 7 p.m. Pacific Time, we're live on Twitch.
Then, what we do is we take that livestream, we polish it up real good. We
make the sound real nice. We put captions and stuff on it for our Deaf and
Hard of Hearing friends, and then, about six days later, we put it up on
Dropout. So, for those six days, you'll be able to catch the stream if you
missed it live 'cause it'll be free and available on Twitch while we're fixing
it up. Once it's fixed up, it'll be on Dropout for you Dropout subscribers or
it'll be on Twitch for our Twitch subscribers. So, the moral of the story is
if you're a Dropout subscriber, you always get the best quality stuff, you
always get the highest, glossiest, Dimension 20 Live videos with the captions
added, and if it's not available yet, you just go watch it for free over on
Twitch. It'll just be free there for everybody for a couple of days after it
airs. If you're a Twitch subscriber, you can watch the backlog of stuff but
only the backlog of Twitch stuff. So, you don't get all the extra cool content
on Dropout, and if you're a free watcher, hello, and you can just watch it for
free live or for a couple days afterwards. So, just letting you guys know how
you're supposed to watch this stuff. Hopefully this is fair for everybody so
you always get that good good stuff that you wanna watch, and nobody can watch
stuff that other people can't watch, and you don't have to pay for more than
one thing. Cool, if any of that's confusing, feel free--

Siobhan: @Brennan.

Brennan: Feel free to tweet @Dropout.

Siobhan: @Brennan.

Murph: @BrennanLM.

Zac: I'm hearing that the sound didn't work on that. Can you say all that
again?

Brennan: All of that one more time? Last week on Dimension 20 Live, our heroes
discovered that their friends Fiz and Rig were missing! [stops and realizes
his mix-up]

Lou: Noo! Rig!

Brennan: Fig and Riz were missing!

Emily: I’m changing my name to Fiz! Fizeroth Faeth!

Brennan: Honestly, well, we actually met Rig which was Evil Riz.

Lou: Oh that’s fair. Rig.

Ally: A Rig that’s evil.

Emily: Rizzy.

Brennan: Yes! We had some stuff in the morning that ended up being that
Tracker is coming along on our quest, it ended up being that we sort of-
Gilear went and got coffee for people, we met Boggy the Froggy.

Emily: Did he or was he completely abused?

Brennan: Completely abused.

[Ally laughs]

Siobhan: I did try, I really tried.

Lou shakes a hand in a so-so gesture, Emily mimes an ‘I’ve got my eye on you’
gesture.

Brennan: We also met wonderful Boggy the Froggy, “magic is real and so is my
frog.” That wonderful shirt with that adorable frog is available right now.
Dropout merch, I think there's some kind of promotion happening right now
while the livestream is happening. Rep Boggy.

Lou: [laughs] Go to school, show your friends!

Ally: Brennan, can you explain a few more housekeeping things?

Brennan: A few more housekeeping things. Anyone else wanna do it? Or you got
more stuff about how I’m doin’ it? So make sure to go check that out. But!
Discovering that Fig and Riz were missing, they fought an (British accent)
Evil Nightmare Riz (normal voice) in his office from a dispelled magical
mirror, found out that Fig had apparently shattered magically an entire jewel
store at the mall-

Emily: That wasn’t me!

Brennan: And taken a giant ruby, and we also discovered that in the photograph
of Riz's dad from his office Sandra Lynn and Sklonda could both see a Tabaxi
woman in an evening gown. You guys headed to Bastion City, and we ended on the
same day, the first Saturday of your spring break, going into spring break, we
ended in Bastion City outside of the Hotel Cavalier. But that's not where our
first scene takes place.

Lou: What?

Brennan: No, no, no, no. Why wouldn't it? Why wouldn't it? So naturally, you
would assume it would take place there. Instead, it takes place in Riz’s
office, the night-

Ally: Noooo!

Murph: This will end well.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: Riz. You are in your office. You are getting ready for the adventure
that awaits you. We've done, you know, you just had your day talking about the
new funds that you have access to, and Aguefort was telling the six of you
about your grade. You've got the huge info share with Fig and Adaine where Fig
talked about the gossip of different people that live near the Forest of the
Nightmare King because there's some people trying to like, resettle their lost
ancient lands there. And also talked about rumors of something called the
Shadowcat. Adaine talked all about Ri Aisling Olc and all the various legends
of the Nightmare King and that nobody seemed to want to take ownership of this
being. The undead believed that he was Fae, The Fae believed he was undead,
and that Devils had referred to him as fighting on the side of the Demons. You
have been pursuing the actual absence of the crown, and the fact that you had
narrowed down the window of where it had disappeared. What do you think Riz is
looking into back in his office? It's late at night you're not getting any
sleep.

Murph: I think, trying to, I know I knew something about Shadowcat but I
didn't know who that was or what it was so I think probably trying to find out
the identity of Shadowcat.

Brennan: You start to find out the identity of the Shadowcat, an obvious
alias, you know, some sort of like, it almost sounds like mythological or
folkloric to you. Go ahead give me an investigation check.

Murph: Okay, man. Okay, 20. Not nat.

Brennan: 20, not nat.

Murph: No one get excited.

Brennan: You look through all the stuff you have. This feels weirdly more like
something in Fig or Adaine’s wheelhouse. You're like looking for aliases or
AKAs like modern living criminals called the Shadowcat and you're not finding
anything really. And you're sort off leaning back on your desk and having a
little cup of coffee and you look over at the Sword of Shadows which is sort
of next to you. Obviously your main weapon is your dad's old magical arquebus,
but you do have that sword you got from the arcade back in freshman year, and
you remember a little bit of lore around the Sword of Shadows which is that
was actually fashioned by Tabaxi ninjas in sort of ancient past. You start
thinking about Tabaxi ninjas and you suddenly have a weird tug to that earlier
hunt that it, sort of, appeared and flitted away in your mind of a photograph
of your dad, which is not anywhere in your case files, it's in your personal
effects, but you do have some of those here still, mixed in with your old KVX
stuff.

Murph: Great, yeah, I go through it.

Brennan: You go through it, you find a photograph of your father at like a
cocktail party with his arm-- He's like making sort of a funny face and next
to him is a tabaxi woman with black fur, she's wearing an evening gown and you
see that she's raising an empty paw with a wry kind of like “I don't have a
drink in my hand” expression.

Murph: Sure.

Brennan: Go ahead make like a raw Intelligence check for me.

Murph: 13.

Brennan: Your dad didn't have an official partner working for the Foreign
Service, but you know that he often, when he worked in tandem with other
people, would work with partners, and you seem to recall something. You
remember seeing this woman in, like, very early memories once or twice but
it's hard, it's you trying to recall memories when you're like three or four
years old, but she's a tabaxi woman. A lot of tabaxi in the world will look
sometimes like big cats or larger cats, they’ll be a tiger or jaguar or
something like that. She's notable in that she really does have the facial
structure of like, a domestic house cat, like very fine angular features. It's
worth mentioning that she's a little bit taller than Pok, which would put her
probably like four or four and a half feet tall, right, so you look at all
that. Give me an Investigation check with advantage if you'd be so kind.

Murph: Oh, yeah, that's a 25.

Brennan: You're looking at the photograph. The box that this was in was not
filed away ‘cause it was personal effects. It wasn't work-related basically.
And this photo is old, like, this actually predates your birth. This was when
your dad was sort of like first starting out of the Foreign Service, but prior
to you being born, so there's some significant sun damage, or just like sort
of old photo damage, on this and as you're looking at it none of his partner's
image is damaged or blurred in the same way that the rest is. It's very subtle
and hard to tell because there is dust collected on the physical outside of
the photo but you're looking at like, the chemical development of the actual
image and it's not developed appropriately, like there has been no erosion or
fading away of the quality of the image on the individual tabaxi.

Murph: So it looks like she's been magically superimposed on the picture
almost?

Brennan: Yeah, you've had this photo forever when you were a kid and it didn't
look weird.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: I mean, maybe you missed it because you were a child, but you're
looking at it and you're like, specifically like, you have not like,
necessarily kept this as mint as possible and just looking at the photograph
it's like, looks perfectly, it would be almost like if a photograph had a
person in it that was very much in the photograph but just the person, the
image of the person had been like kept in like a temperature-controlled
climate, under a frame, well-kept and the rest of the photo had been left like
open on a windowsill that sometimes is like cracked open to let it breathe in
for like 15 years.

Murph: Hmm, well, I'm not much good at investigating magical things so I think
I tuck it away to show Adaine in the morning.

Brennan: Oh, cool. Actually, do give me an Arcana check if you would be so
kind. You can make this with advantage as well.

Murph: Oh, sweet. I'll take the first one. 20, not nat.

Brennan: You go, and you, it could be magical. You do have a little, like,
chemistry kit here and you're with your new fancy digs and you could like,
give a shot.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: As you go to do that you start to kind of just loosely circle around
in a sort of little red chemical marker to like put a highlight on this image.
As you do so you hear a creak of a door closing behind you.

Riz: Mom? Mom, I'll be home in a little bit, okay?

Brennan: The sound is not coming from the front door which is locked. You're
up late in your office. It's coming from one of the side doors out in the main
room, ‘cause you're in your back office, there's a little central room. You
hear a little- [imitates creak]

Murph: Pull out my... gun. [laughs]

[Emily and Zac laugh]

Murph: And I creep towards a corner, I guess.

Brennan: Cool, give me a Stealth check.

Murph: 27?

Brennan: You are deep in the shadows. You walk in, now give me a Perception
check.

Murph: Nat 20.

Ally: [quietly] Yes.

Lou and Emily do a little celebratory dance.

Brennan: A standing mirror from your file cabinet room is out in a corner of
your room where you didn’t put it.

[ominous music plays]

Murph: I slowly approach the mirror.

Lou is jokingly shivering in his seat as Zac partially covers his face.

Brennan: Are you approaching it in such a way that your reflection is visible,
or no? You rolled a nat 20 on your Stealth.

Lou balls up his hands into fists and covers his mouth.

Murph: I think I'd kind of like to walk to the side to see if I can see anyone
else in the reflection, although I guess if I could see it it would reflect-
Yeah, I, honestly I would probably look at it.

Brennan: So you walk out into the room to be able to look at the-

Ally breaks down and covers their face.

Murph: I want to be able to like see if there's somebody else there.

Brennan: Oh so you're--

Murph: Yeah, I'm going by the side. Do you want me to say-

Brennan: Yeah, so you're trying to like use the mirror to catch other people.
You get closer, closer, closer. You don't see anyone hiding. You are now right
up to the side of the mirror, not in front of it still, but you're up to the
side of it.

Murph: Is there anything behind it?

Brennan: You pass your hand behind it and you don't- Yeah, it just feels like
wall behind the mirror. Um, you could go investigate the other room that you
still haven't investigated, but you have to take a step forward.

Murph: Okay. [thinks for a moment] I'm going to...

Lou pantomimes biting his nails.

Emily: [whispers] Jump in the mirror.

[cast laughs]

Lou pantomimes running and diving. Emily and Zac make diving motions.

Murph: I'm gonna try to, I guess kind of crawl behind- Is it like propped up?
Can I like crawl behind it my little goblin body?

Brennan: Oh, it's, actually, there's not enough space between the wall in the
standing mirror for you to creep behind it without moving it.

Murph: Okay, I think Riz doesn't know things that I know in real life so I
think Riz is going to slowly start creeping towards the other room.

Brennan: You creep, as you creep you immediately know that your reflection is
wrong. You, well, like the first thing you can react to is that something's
wrong with your reflection. What does Riz do? It's only in your peripheral
because you’re standing towards the other room.

Murph: I think I still have my gun out but I'm not gonna make any sudden
movements.

Riz: [not looking at the mirror] What do you want?

Brennan: A voice colder than the grave echoes, from behind the mirror where
you know there is nothing.

Voice: (terrifying whispery bizarre French Canadian accent) Riz Gukgak. What
do I want? All I want is for you to look at me. Don’t you want to see me?

Riz: Who are you?

Brennan: You see the reflection moves even though you are not moving, and gets
up against the glass on the other side of the mirror like it is looking
through a pane of glass at an aquarium, and you can see it puts its hands up
on the mirror, and you see the glass move as though there’s pressure from the
other side. What you are looking at is a bone white goblin mannequin, its
joints articulated into blackness underneath, whatever skeletal structure the
mannequin rests on has black joints. It is capable of movement but it looks
like it is made either of bone or ivory, except that it wears a white shirt, a
little vest, and sort of gray pantaloons. It has a pure white wig in a kind of
Lord Fauntleroy style, like a little princeling. You see that this thing, the
face, the face has two nostril slits, two eyes that are matte black in the
white ivory of its face. Instead of a mouth, it is just a carved dark line and
as it speaks the lips don't move. But it has a little hair and it takes out,
like a long white wand. And you see it says,

Mannequin: Riz Gukgak, you don't recognize me? I am your romance partner,
Baron.

Riz: [struggling to speak] I have a confession to make: Baron’s not real.
[nervous laughter]

Baron: You should be very careful about saying such hurtful things, Riz
Gukgak. I am your romance partner, and if you demand that I am not real, I
will have to drag you to the Baronies to see my stark father!

Everyone is deeply unsettled.

Riz: Did I summon you by pretending to have-

Baron tuts and wags his finger.

Riz: What are, what are you doing, you weird little skeleton boy!

Baron: That is the second hurtful thing you have said to your romance partner.
Should you say a third, there will be grave consequences. I cannot control it.
The things that are true about me are as follows: I am your romance partner,
and I am from the Baronies. Thirdly, my name is Baron.

Emily: [high pitched, unbelieving voice] Oh my god, what?

[everyone dissolves into nervous giggling]

Riz: What did we do on our first date?

Baron: Riz Gukgak, you have not been kind enough to give me that yet, but if
you invent it, I promise I can make it true.

Riz: You’re born of lies?

Baron: It is not my fault I am born of lies. It is the fault of the deceiver,
Riz Gukgak. Now, why don't you do what it is that you most want to do?

Ally laughs in disbelief.

Murph: I really quick try to shoot the mirror.

Brennan: The mirror shatters and you immediately open the gateway for this
creature to lunge and grab you by the throat, and, [rolls a die] go ahead and
give me an Athletics roll.

Murph: It's not good for me gang. That's a 9.

Brennan: This creature throttles you by the throat and begins to twist your
head so far that you can feel your vertebrae about to snap.

Murph: I tap, I tap out. [slaps his hand against the floor] I give up!

Brennan: It starts to drag you towards the open mirror and it says,

Baron: [yelling] You have been naughty thrice, Riz Gukgak! Your romance
partner deserves better treatment!

Beat of silence.

Murph: [shaking his head] I’m just clawing at the floor. [laughs]

Brennan: Yeah, you’re just clawing at the floor! [laughs] Um, you suddenly
realize that in your front pocket, the, the photo, the important piece of
evidence-

Murph: I throw it out.

Brennan: It slides into a slit in the floorboards, you are dragged into the
mirror, and you vanish from the world as we know it. You are turned around to
gaze into the vacant eyes of your romance partner, Baron, and they look at you
and say,

Baron: [whisper] Now it’s time for you to make up more things, Riz Gukgak…

Brennan: And you go unconscious. [laughs]

Zac: Can, can we be done?!

[everyone talks over each other]

Siobhan: [to the camera] Thank you so much-

Ally: Can we go to In-N-Out?

Murph: Baron broke my neck, can we go home?

Lou: We need to talk through all of that!

Brennan: You guys don't like that? You guys don’t like--

[crosstalk]

Lou: That was actually scary.

Zac: We used to fight like big rocks or something.

Siobhan: I would love a big rock to fight?

Brennan: I’m so glad you guys think I’m really scary!

Lou: People went to Hell and it wasn’t that bad!

Brennan: I’m a camp counselor, so if I can't tell scary stories, what good am
I?

Lou: Oh, my god!

Emily and Zac yell.

Brennan: [pleased laugh] Fig!

Emily: Oh, not that vibe. Thank you though.

Siobhan: Hard pass. Fig just has a nice day, goes to the spa.

Brennan: Fig, you are in the deepest sleep of your life, having the most
intense dreams of like, no-- well it's like having a nightmare that you're
enjoying, if that makes sense. It's like a messed up dream that you're like,
into. It's a dream about you being so famous and successful as a rock star
that you never need to talk to anyone ever again, and you are completely
isolated because you need nobody. It is so much power. You begin to have kind
of like a dream underneath this dream. You know when you're driving and you
are like, thinking deep on a subject like, “Oh, I'm really thinking hard about
this thing or whatever,” and then you look up and you're like, “I've driven 50
miles, like I truly have come to, and was on autopilot for the last 45 minutes
of a long-distance road trip,” right? But you can remember kind of doing stuff
even though you weren't physically present for them in your conscious mind.
Your conscious mind is devoted to this dream of wealth, power, and fame. Your
mind like, isn't paying attention, is kind of having a different dream, like a
dream you're not paying attention to, and in this sort of unimportant dream,
you're waking up, packing your bags, you're sending an email to Lola about
getting a hotel room for the night. You're like getting your driver to take
the tour bus. You make a stop by the Elm Valley Mall, it's sort of before
working hours. You shred on your sick bass and blow up an entire storefront.
You like, grab a ruby. And this is all just kind of the rote stuff-- again,
like driving when you're thinking about something more important. It's just
like a rote thing. You get back in your tour bus and you head down to Bastion
city with this sick diamond. Oh, right before you got in your tour bus, you do
summon your dad because you do have that warlock connection with him now, and
you do play this sick riff on the guitar that you don't think you ever played
before, but it does bind him into the ruby and you carry it with you to
Bastion, the city.

Emily: Again though, I'm like, elsewhere.

Brennan: The thing that's important is this dream you're having.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: That's what's super important. As you are travelling, you eventually
arrive-- so it's called the Hotel Cavalier, and as you walk in, you see the
lobby lined with beautiful full-length gilded mirrors. That's where we're
gonna cut back to, much later that day. This is Bastion City. Spiring tall
buildings all around you. As you see the buildings around you-- hold on one
second. [upbeat dubstep plays] It is nighttime. You see people moving through
the streets, bright lights, skyscrapers, all these sort of fantastical
inhabitants of Bastion City, and you go to the downtown harbor area. As you
are down there you see these seedy types around here, it's the harbor, it’s
Solace, but it's also where Solace interacts with the rest of the world, lots
of magic stuff here. You arrived as the final bit of light in the western part
of the sky has faded and it’s fully nighttime. The griffin Baxter lands with
Sandra Lynn just as the Hangman pulls up, and Gorgug, you pull up in the van.

Gorgug: Oh, where am I going to park?

Siobhan: Can I, as we’re parking, can I cast Comprehend Languages as a ritual
spell so that I can understand what everybody’s saying around me?

Brennan: Absolutely you can. You cast it as a ritual. Look around-- the Hotel
Cavalier is like an old stone workplace. It has this weird kind of theme
around it of a mounted knight appearing in little like, frescoes, and sort of
reliefs and cameos on things, but it's all these weird vines and floral
patterns. It's almost like a knight going on a quest to a deep jungle. So
there's this weird jungle theme to everything. The rugs are like a deep red
with golden spiraling flowers and vines on them again, so it feels very old,
kind of Art Deco in a way, but with a lot of stone and metalwork in these
plant-like patterns everywhere. As you guys get out of the van, stretch your
legs, look around, you finish casting Comprehend Languages. Sandra Lynn's got
the bow over her shoulder. She looks at all of you and says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay, here's the deal. You have some adults here that have some
adventuring experience, right, there's three grown-ups with you guys on this
trip. You've got me, Cathilda, and Gilear.

Brennan: You see, Gilear says,

Gilear: I am not an authority figure to the degree that Fig’s mother or
Cathilda are, you should really refer to them and not I.

Kristen: Actually I could really use a coffee right now.

Gilear: That would be preferable for me. I shall go do that.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lnn: We're here at your discretion. We're here to give you advice.
However we can't take point or it affects your guys’ grade, right? So we're
here to support you and if you want to ask us for our take on something, we
can. We are hirelings, we're not full adventurers, so we’ve got to take our
marching orders from you guys, okay?

Kristen: Mm-hm.

Sandra Lynn: Okay, cool.

Fabian: Great.

Kristen: So should we check out the hotel first and try to find Fig?

Adaine: Let’s do that.

Kristen: Should we find the tour bus?

Gorgug: Hey, while I was driving, I kind of zoned out and had some thoughts.
Could-- I was just remembering that picture, and the fact that the arm was
going around someone that we couldn't see.

Kristen: Yeah.

Gorgug: But then there's also no pressure of something touching the arm,
correct?

Adaine: Yeah.

Ally: I take out the photo.

Gorgug: And there's no spells on the-- we found-- we’ve-- [gestures to Adaine]
You tried to put Detect Magic on the--

Adaine: I tried Dispel-- I tried Detect Magic and Dispel Magic. I guess I
could cast the Identify spell on it?

Gorgug: Well, my question is, what if there's no spell on that? There’s a
spell on the people who see it, so since we don't see it, maybe there's a
spell on us, or since Sandra Lynn sees it, maybe there's a spell on her.

Adaine: Okay.

Gorgug: I don't know.

Kristen: Huh. Yeah, who else could see it again? Riz's mom?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Adaine: Riz's mom and Sandra Lynn.

Kristen: I guess not to tangent, but Sandra Lynn, did you have any bad dreams
last night? Any, like did you have a nightmare or anything?

Sandra Lynn: No, not really.

Gorgug: Would you mind if we cast Detect Magic on you?

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, by all means, go for it.

Siobhan: Detect Magic, I also would have to do as a ritual because I don't
have it stocked, so it's gonna be 10 minutes.

Brennan: Sure, maybe we take that time--

Siobhan: And it would also would mean, it's a concentration spell so I'd have
to drop Comprehend Languages. But that's fine. It wasn't important.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says

Sandra Lynn: Sure, that makes sense.

Adaine: I can cast it as we walk.

Kristen: So, should we walk around and look for the tour bus?

Gorgug: Yeah, you wanna start walking around downtown?

Kristen: Cool.

Brennan: Cool, you park yourself, the Hangman's there. You see the Hangman
says,

Hangman: Master, do you wish me to accompany you to the hotel?

Fabian: Bike, that wouldn't be very, that's not how things go down here. I
don't think you know, back in Elmville? You have free reign, but here in
Bastian City, we gotta play it cool.

Hangman: All right, I will stay with the bird lion, and I will accompany the,
I guess, van as well.

Fabian: Well, I mean, hey if you get bored, just chat, chat in our minds, like
just hit me up.

Brennan: You see, that Sandra Lynn looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: Also, is this priority right now in this moment because Fig is
missing as is Riz and time is of the essence.

Gorgug: Right, I guess--

Kristen: I think it's a good lead because right now, all we have is this
photo. I mean, we can be looking for Fig.

Adaine: I mean, it takes 10 minutes. We can walk towards the hotel.

Gorgug: Let's go to the hotel.

Adaine: And then, once we get there, it'll be done.

Fabian: Great.

Kristen: Let's do it.

Brennan: Cool, so--

Ally: Is Gilear with us?

Brennan: Yes, Gilear's with you.

Ally: Cool.

Zac: Is he gettin' that coffee? Is that what you're-?

Ally: I was gonna check up on the coffee, and then, I decided ah, let's keep
him here.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: Gilear nods. You see Ragh, he's got this big glaive. He's now
fighting with a polearm.

Adaine: Sweet glaive, dude.

Ragh: Honestly, thank you. I think it's sick as hell. Let's just see what's
up. Like, so, we're gonna go in there and just open up, just like hack and
slash--

Adaine: No!

Kristen: No no no.

Adaine: This is like gonna be a conversation-based--

Gorgug: We might try to get a hotel.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah. Yeah.

Ragh: Tight tight tight tight tight, cool cool cool.

Brennan: Great, so that's--

Ally: Oh, I-- Oh, sorry.

Brennan: So, you see that you walk into the Hotel Cavalier. You open the
doors. Very beautiful, luxurious inside. You see that there's a concierge
desk. Just has a small lobby. Very lightly populated at the moment. You see
that the concierge desk has this beautiful sort of powder blue air genasi
working at it. You see that her hair is kind of like flowing up around her as
though in sort of a wind at all times, and you see over by the elevators there
is a bellhop that is like a vulture aarakocra. So, it's like a sort of vulture
bird person, and you see that there are some porters also over by like the
baggage area that are just, look like two enormous gorillas in like bellhop
uniforms.

Kristen: Okay, Gorgug, do you think you can contact the manager and get her to
tell you which room Fig is in?

Gorgug: I... can try. (laughs)

Kristen: Do you think she'd talk to you?

Adaine: Once I'm done with this spell, I can also cast Locate Person if that
doesn't work.

Brennan: The concierge comes over to you 'cause the lobby's a little sparse
for now and goes,

Concierge: [a very clean-cut customer service voice] Ah, sorry for
recognizing, sir. Mr. Thistlespring, pleasure to have you.

Gorgug: Oh, hi.

Concierge: We spoke on the phone earlier?

Gorgug: Oh, yes, we did.

Kristen: Haha, yeah! And me too, Teddy.

Fabian: I was also--

Gorgug: This is Teddy Geiger.

Kristen: It's me, Teddy Geiger.

Gorgug: And my friend, Fabian.

Adaine: I hung up.

Concierge: Rude, okay, yeah, absolutely.

Fabian: Well, we're here, and you know what we want.

Gorgug: We're just, we're looking for--

Kristen: You. No, I'm just kidding. I do have a girlfriend though.

Gorgug: This is one of T-

Brennan: Tracker looks and goes,

Tracker: Babe.

Kristen: Babe.

Tracker: What's up?

Kristen: I was trying to get an in, you know?

Tracker: I guess.

Adaine: Please just let Gorgug speak.

Gorgug: Teddy, cool it.

Kristen: I'm so sorry.

Gorgug: So, we're just looking for, you know, we got a show later so I'm
looking for Fig 'cause I think we, you know, we have to do our show and so I
am here doing that. I'm looking for Fig.

Concierge: Well, excellent, so I guess you know, text your bandmate.

Gorgug: Awesome. Well, my question is I know that Fig has this thing where
like, she rocks out so hard that she breaks her crystal a lot, and so, I think
she broke her crystal.

Concierge: Oh no!

Gorgug: So, if you could just, you know, come on, that would be, that'd be so
nice. I mean, and if you wanna go to the show, we could probably swing some
tickets.

Concierge: Wow, thank you. Sure, we'd be happy to call up. What room do you
want us to call up to?

Gorgug: The room that she's in.

(players laugh)

Gorgug: Whichever one she's in.

Concierge: Great, well, we can't give out guest information so if you can give
me a room number, I would be so happy to--

Gorgug: Let's try 101.

(Emily laughs)

Gorgug: Let's go for 101.

Brennan rolls a luck check in front of the players.

Concierge: One second. [holding a phone receiver] Hi, hello, is Fig Faeth
there? No, that's not who you are? Okay, great, thank you so much.

Kristen: Oh duh! She was 102!

Gorgug: 102.

Kristen: You were one off.

Fabian: Teddy, thank you, Teddy.

Kristen: I'm so sorry, I have the itinerary right here.

Concierge: Okay, so, Fig Faeth is in room 102, great.

Gorgug: Teddy's our...

Siobhan: Is my Detect Magic spell ritual done yet?

Brennan: You see that it goes,

Concierge: [on the phone] Hello, okay, hi, is Fig Faeth there? You're not that
person? [to the Bad Kids] Okay, great. So, it looks like you have bad
information.

Kristen: That's so crazy. She definitely said 103, and that's what I just
said.

Gorgug: No, you said 102.

Kristen: No, I didn't.

Gorgug: Oh, so…

Kristen: No, I didn't!

Gorgug: You see what happened here. How many rooms are in this hotel?

Brennan: You see that (laughs)

Emily: I call down to order room service.

(players laugh)

Brennan: Incredible, [to Siobhan] you cast Detect Magic, right?

Siobhan: I did. And it's a 30-foot radius. [reading spell card] That's 30 feet
in front of you, and you sense magic in this way, you can use your action to
see a faint aura around any visible creature or object in the area that bears
magic, and you learn its school of magic if any.

Brennan: The concierge has a transmutation effect on them.

Zac: Transmutation?

Siobhan: Oh my god. Are they doing magical plastic surgery on themselves?

Zac: What do you mean?

Siobhan: Can I cast Dispel Magic on the concierge?

Brennan: You absolutely can--

Ally: Her cheekbones just sink.

Brennan: and I believe Dispel works on anything third level or lower, right?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Yeah, that's correct.

Brennan: Cool, so (laughs) You cast Dispel Magic, and the concierge transforms
into what looks like an extremely intense looking tiefling, but with full
scaly red wings and a long wicked barbed tail wearing insane looking like
abyssal armor, And you see that the concierge goes,

“Concierge”: Oop. Um, kill them! Kill them!

Brennan: Everyone roll initiative!

Ally: What?

Lou: Sick. Sick

Gorgug: Room 104! Room !04!

Brennan: Cool. Great. Everyone go ahead.

Siobhan: But I didn’t see any auras around us or around Sandra Lynn?

Brennan: When you cast detect magic?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn didn't have any aura other than the magic you guys are
all aware of and accustomed to.

Siobhan: Dang.

Brennan: That one you would definitely have. Rad as hell. Let's go on the
table and tell me what you got.

Emily: Do I get to roll--

Brennan: I would actually like Emily and Murph to both roll as well if you’d
be so kind.

Emily: Ohh!

Murph: 24\.

Emily: 13.

Brennan: Riz, 24. What did Fig get?

Emily: 13

Brennan: Fig got 13, wake up. Gorgug.

Zac: Nat 1 so I got a 2

Brennan: You got a nat one--

Zac: Initiative roll plus my--

Brennan: Do you roll advantage as initiative as a barbarian?

Zac: As a barbarian?

Brennan: Maybe not as a-- I mean that's a 9th level ability

Zac: Okay

Brennan: Umm, 2. Adaine.

Siobhan: I got a 20. Not nat.

Brennan: Adaine get a dirty 20. Fabian?

Lou: 14.

Brennan: Fabian gets a 14.

Ally: 10

Brennan: And Kristen with a 10. Awesome You guys have a moment as Adaine is
casting the spell and while I finish doing all of your hirelings’ initiatives
right now. Go ahead and, what do you guys sort of start doing or-- right
before that moment that Adaine does that, does anyone, has anyone else been
doing any investigation or anything else like that?

Ally: Yeah. I would like to Investigate.

Siobhan: Yeah, is there like a book in front of her that has room numbers in?

Zac: Did you have advantage on your initiative?

Siobhan: Oh yeah, you do because of Tracker.

Ally: Because of Tracker.

Brennan: Yes, you have advantage on your initiative.

Ally: 19\. Uh, but then that makes it a, uh, 16.

Siobhan: So bad.

Brennan: Incredible

Ally: Horrifying Dex, yeah. A -3 to Dex, it’s crazy that I’m alive.

Siobhan: Adorably clumsy. You’re just dropping baguettes and oranges all over
the place.

Lou: I’ve got eyes on that gorilla and that vulture.

Ally: Oh, yeah, good call.

Brennan: Incredible. I want everyone here to know that Gilear Faeth, on his
first initiative roll of Fantasy High, rolled a nat 20.

[Emily cheering]

Lou: It's gonna be a good year!

Ally: Can’t wait to see his first move.

Zac: Gilear, can people know what Gilear’s health is?

Brennan: Well, he may go first, so we'll wait for his first turn, then we’ll
show,

Emily: I’m so proud of him.

Brennan: What his stats are. Truly insane. Hold on one second. Yeah go ahead
describe what you're trying to investigate in the room.

Siobhan: Yeah, I want to see if there’s a reservation book on this counter of
the tiefling that we're talking to.

Brennan: Right before you cast the spell-- yeah, give me an Investigation
check.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: With a 4 Investigation I'd love to know if the gorilla or the vulture
seem to be moving with this fiend or tiefling.

Brennan: Seem to be mo-- You see that the, yes, the other the bellhop
supporters of the hotel immediately leap into action.

Siobhan: I got an 18 Investigation.

Brennan: Uh you look at the guestbook. You see the guestbook does have Fig’s
signature in it.

Siobhan: Dope.

Ally: Does it say room number?

Emily: It looks uncertain, right? It’s like, not really Fig.

Brennan: Not really quite Fig, exactly.

Siobhan: Like, it’s even fancier than Fig’s?

Ally: Can I look over Adaine’s shoulder to see if Fig’s room number is next to
her signature?

Brennan: What are you trying to see?

Ally: Fig’s room number next to her signature in the guestbook?

Brennan: Fig’s signature next to her room number… Oh, you see that the room
number next to it is a, it says LPH for lower penthouse.

Emily: [gasps] That is so awesome.

Ally: I shout that to-- wait, can I Mind Link? I forget what I have.

Siobhan: No, that’s--

Brennan: That’s--

Siobhan: That’s Pete.

Ally: Different season.

Lou: Different season. Different season, different powers.

Ally: I miss Pete.

Siobhan: We all miss Pete.

Zac: I don't think-- I’m trying to think if Gorgug had anything he would have
done but I don't think he would.

Murph: Truly sweating telling so many lies.

Ally: We both lean over and look at this guestbook. I turn to you and I'm
like,

Kristen: It says lower penthouse--

Gorgug: Underground? Or just the penthouse under the top penthouse?

Brennan: Ah, Adaine you are first to act in the combat initiative.

Siobhan: Umm....

Brennan: Hold on one second. As combat begins you see that the concierge, this
demonic thing goes,

“Concierge”: Kill ‘em, kill ‘em, kill ‘em!

Brennan: You see that the two gorillas come rushing at you. You see that the
vulture aarakocra over by the elevator swings the elevator in, jumps in, and
begins to motion it to go down.

Zac: Kill them?

Brennan: You actually don’t know what “kill ‘em” refers to. Adaine, you are
first to act.

Siobhan: Can I, there-- This aarakocra’s pulling on a lever, to--?

Brennan: It's an old-timey Art Deco elevator with the sliding chink of
interlocking metal, and it looks like the aarakocra is going in, pulling it
down. As you look, you see with that dispel that there is some, you can see
with you dispel magic very minor illusion disguising these gorillas and this
vulture aarakocra.

Siobhan: Okay. Can I. Um. Mm. Okay.

Zac: What do they look like?

Siobhan: How far away is the elevator?

Brennan: From you, it's about 30 feet

Siobhan: Great, I would like to cast Greater Invisibility on myself and I
would like to run into this elevator please.

Brennan: Ooh awesome. Bam, that's no sweat. You rush right into the elevator
alongside this creature. That is now going to be [dramatically] Gilear Faeth.
You see Gilear Faeth look around at everything happening. He takes fifteen
feet of movement back to the door, ten feet of movement back to the desk, five
back, and then five over laterally to the side, hunkers down and covers his
face with his hands, taking the dodge action.

[laughter]

Lou: That’s my guy.

Brennan: That is Gilear Faeth’s turn.

Siobhan: Does he have like a -3 to Dex?

Ally: ‘Cause if he rolled a nat 20!

[Applause]

Siobhan: ‘Cause I got a 20...

Brennan: Gilear Faeth has, I'm gonna go through these modifiers real quick:
Strength, 0, Dex, 0, Constitution -1 Intelligence, +1 Wisdom, +1 Charisma, -2
Gilear Faeth has an armor class of ten and five hit points.

Lou: Let’s go!

Siobhan: Again, we don’t have to bring him.

Emily: [through laughs] Why have you created such a cursed creature?

Brennan: [yelling] He's not cursed, he's just a guy! Some people have to be
normal!

Zac: So, if someone does 10 hit points, his damage to him, he's permanently
dead.

Siobhan: He's fully dead.

Brennan: Full dead at 10 points of damage.

Ally: Okay, great.

Brennan: Do you know that most people, if you stab them with a sword, will die
right away?

Ally: I guess.

(players laugh)

Siobhan: Only if you pull the sword out of them, technically, if you just put
it in there, maybe they'll stay alive, so?

Brennan: Incredible.

Siobhan: If anybody stabs him, make sure the sword stays in there.

Zac: Leave it in there. He's gonna be like one of those people who goes on a
Vespa and gets impaled by a pole.

Siobhan: Oh no, that's so embarrassing.

Brennan: Oh my god, you guys see Cathilda Ceili leaps into action, reaches
into like a sort of athletic band underneath her sweatshirt to take out two
daggers. As she does so, she is going to rush up, and take a bunch of swings
at our friend, and you see she viciously slashes with one of her daggers
across the demon's chest behind the counter.

Lou: I elbow, Kristen—

Fabian: Pretty good for a maid, right?

Kristen: Yeah.

Cathilda: Ah Master Fabian. You are too cheeky.

Kristen: Wait. I thought you said mage. No, pretty good for a person!

Fabian: No, no. She's not a mage.

Murph: Well, it would also be good for a mage.

Fabian: But also, incredible for a mage. Pretty good for a maid.

Kristen: [laughs] God.

Brennan: As you do this, Kristen, that is going to be your turn.

Ally: Okay, great. I am going to, I think I look at… I think I cast Sanctuary
on Gilear. (laughs)

Brennan: You cast Sanctuary on Gilear? Okay, incredible.

Zac: We're all gonna die. Except for Gilear.

Ally: You ward a creature within range against attack. Until the spell ends,
any creature who targets Gilear will have to make a Wisdom saving throw. On a
failed save they have to pick a new target. [laughing] And then, I think I
run, I think I… (groans) I feel like I know where Adaine was going 'cause we
had just figured out where she was. So, I think I do try to run towards the
elevator, but not where that person could see me. So, maybe some sort of like
duck and cover?

Brennan: Okay, you won't be able to be hidden from the vulture aarakocra
inside of the elevator.

Ally: Totally, yeah yeah.

Brennan: But you could like--

Ally: I wanna wait, and maybe take the next one down.

Brennan: Oh, gotcha, cool cool cool. Well, these are old timey elevators so
you could like, wait to jump on top of the elevator as it goes down.

Murph: That's rad.

Ally: That's what I do.

Brennan: Cool. Kristen, that's your turn. So, you're like holding your
movement until such a time as that. You use Sanctuary on Gilear. That is your
turn, and that is going to be… Ba ba bum.

Ally: Yeah, the Sanctuary's a bonus action.

Brennan: Awesome, hold on one second. You see, cool.

Lou: Good on you for taking care of Gilear. He needs it, he needs.

Ally: I know.

Lou: I like that now we're just gonna be giving a turn to Gilear protection,
and then, we'll engage.

Murph: I know there's no saving him. He just needs to not fight. He just needs
to hide.

Emily: I know, I'm starting to think we need to renegotiate this situation.

Murph: He stays and watches the car.

: Yeah.

Brennan: You guys--

Zac: Put him in a metal chest in the car.

Brennan: You guys see that these sort of like, and I'll just go ahead and take
the tarp off this bad boy. The cambion, which is the type of demon you see
behind the concierge desk, these are, by the way, not devils, these are
demons. These are chaotic evil entities, not from the nine hells but from the
abyss. Points two fingers, erupt in jets of flame. Cathilda streaks underneath
them. When she fights, by the way, it just sounds like a racquetball court.
It's like squeaks of her, her sneakers are so squeaky. (Brennan squeaks) And
she like ducks under the fire, and you see this cambion looks at the two
gorillas and says,

“Concierge”: Hold 'em!

Brennan: And vanishes in a thing of flame. Anyone here can make an Arcana
check that wants to.

Adaine: Can I, or am I still hidden away?

Brennan: You're hidden under. You don't have a (mumbles)

: Great.

: Cool.

Zac: 10.

Lou: A hot 10.

Brennan: A hot 10, cool. Cambion vanishes.

Lou: Yeah, I was really dreaming of a nat 20 in that moment. I was like maybe
this is Fabian's moment where he's like I understand magic.

Zac: You're just watching your maid move around in a way that (mumbles)

Lou: Damn, maid!

Brennan: Fabian, that's gonna be you.

Lou: All right, so, the fiend, or the cambions--

Brennan: The two gorillas are still charging.

Lou: Great. Let's do it! I'm gonna, can I use Gilear as, can I just?

Fabian: Gilear, launch me!

Lou: Can I use him as some kind of trampoline?

Ally: You're gonna kill him!

Brennan: Great, go ahead and make an Athletics because you are jumping, you
get advantage, but because you're using Gilear, that advantage cancels out.
So, this is going to be a flat roll.

Lou: Nat 20!

Ally: Woo!

Lou: Let's go Gilear! Let's go Gilear!

Brennan: You see that at the perfect moment, Gilear goes from here, and goes,

Gilear: Huh?

Brennan: Presents his face for your foot to land on, you spring off in this
perfect, perfect like pirouetting shape towards the two charging gorillas. As
they charge, the illusion totally fades, and then, you see these are
[growling] barlgura, these insane tusked, bright red purple-skinned like ape
demons from the deep depths of the abyss charging at you. Massive fists and
forearms. You have advantage on as many attacks as you make this round.

Lou: Great, fantastic. We'll start with a normal two. Great, that's above 20.
Specifically 22.

Brennan: That's a hit!

Lou: And then, that's 26.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: And I'll, no, we'll cut it there. Great, and then, that's 14 for the
first hit and 12 for the second one.

Brennan: Oo, 26. You leap at this thing, and (grunts) two huge stabs, getting
the sword of the Seacasters pretty much to the hilt both times. This towering,
like 10-foot tall monstrosity (growls) roars out and looks hurt, but not down
for the count by a long shot.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: That is Fabian's turn, ba ba bum. We move along from there. Next one
is Sandra Lynn.

Lou: Aw, hell yes!

Emily: Oo, we get to see her in action!

Brennan: Hell yeah. Sandra Lynn is going to take some shots right away at the
one that you just injured, and that's going to be, that is one definite hit.
Cool, you see (grunts) arrow thuds into its neck for another eight points of
damage. And you see that Sandra Lynn also rushes over at Kristen with you to
use her movement to jump on the thing as it goes down.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: That is going to move from Sandra Lynn to the, these massive
[growling] barlgura. You see the first one, actually sorry, they're gonna make
some wisdom saving throws first.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Lou: No!

Brennan: You see both of these barlgura race past you, even the one you
injured. Go ahead, you get an attack of opportunity on one if you want.

Lou: Great, and I have the Sentinel feat so if I hit, they stop moving. Does a
15 hit?

Brennan: 15 hits.

Lou: One of them has their speed reduced to zero. And that is going to be a la
la la la la 15.

Brennan: 15 damage. This guy's now looking hurt. This is the injured one.

Fabian: You'd really go for him over me?

Brennan: The other one barrels past you to Gilear.

Fabian: What?

Brennan: And he hits--

Lou: Fabian is hurt.

Emily: What about, what did Sanctuary do?

Brennan: They both bypassed the Wisdom check for Sanctuary. So you see Gilear
goes,

Gilear: Get them, Fabian! (yells)

Brennan: And you see both of them go right for Gilear. One of them just rains,
boom boom boom! Gilear, immediately dead. Full dead.

Ally: [screaming] What?

Lou: What?

Brennan: Full dead.

Lou: What?

Brennan: Gilear is—

Zac: Why?

Emily: Wait, he's dead?

Zac: But he even took the dodge action, didn't he?

Brennan: You're right, hold on one second. He did take the dodge action.

Lou: Everyone at home, please pray right now.

Murph: Pray for Gilear.

Lou: We need all the energy in the world right now.

Emily: By full dead, you mean just he's--

Murph: Prayers for Gilear.

Brennan: Hold on, I will--

Siobhan: And also, will you tell everybody to send him home after this bad
fate.

Lou: Call your family. Ask them--

Emily: Call your representatives.

Lou: We need Congress behind Gilear right now.

Brennan: Here's the thing, even with disadvantage, these two hit him on a

roll of three or higher so we need a one or a two. I'm gonna roll it in front
of the board.

Murph: Guaranteed two. Guaranteed two.

Lou: Guaranteed two.

Murph: Guaranteed.

Lou: Oh, it doesn't count, come on, man.

Brenan: It's gone. I'll roll again because it's off the board..

Lou: Yeah, damn right it is.

Emily: It doesn't count.

Brennan: One or two. That's a 19.

Siobhan: Well.

Brennan: So, you see that Gilear immediately looks up (yells) he just sprawls
back on the floor, blood.

(players laugh)

Ally: Jesus Christ.

Zac: No death saves, full dead.

Brennan: No, we can bypass death saves. The minimum damage from this thing is
enough to put him way, way under.

Ally: Fuck.

Zac: Okay.

Emily looks outright devastated, holding her hands together.

Brennan: Gilear's immediately dead. I will remind you that Kristen does have
the Revivify spell.

Zac: We have to get to you in a minute.

Brennan: That's 10 rounds of combat.

Ally: Yeah, but I need a really expensive diamond to do it.

Brennan: I will assume that because you're going on a very dangerous
adventure, you've stocked up on those diamonds. It is 300 gold pieces a pop
for those diamonds.

Kristen: We're all splitting it, okay?

(Brennan laughs)

Fabian: We can have this conversation after—

Kristen: And Gilear is going home.

Siobhan: Gilear is going...

Fabian: No.

Kristen: Gilear is going home.

Murph: I think we just have to be--

Fabian: He's just gonna be an intern. Like a straight up like--

Murph: We'll just keep him in the car.

Lou: Yes.

(players laugh)

Siobhan: Yeah, unless somebody kidnaps him from the car.

Murph: Just like face completely turned around?

Brennan: A like 10 and half foot tall gorilla socked him as hard as he could
in the back of the head.

Zac: After he ran around and just sat on the ground.

Fabian: Keep one of them alive. I need to know why he wouldn't attack me who
was halfway through killing his friend.

Brennan: Give me an Insight, give me an Insight check.

Fabian: Truly, truly.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Emily: Yet another person in your life choosing Gilear's needs over yours.

Lou: Oh my god, I mean, this is insane. Well, I'm offended. Minus 1, 13.

Brennan: You sense that there is something in them that felt ev-- you don't
think that they registered Gilear as a threat, and you know that they knew,
they would be risking bodily harm from your attack of opportunity by moving
past you, but there was some internal calculus where they felt it was worth it
to kill this person even if it meant endangering themselves.

Emily: Wait, maybe—

Lou and Emily: That means Gilear—

Emily: Gilear is like the chosen one.

Lou: Yes, exactly! He must be very important. I mean, they didn't attack me.

Murph: Or they're just evil and just wanna kill people.

Zac: I don't know, y'all.

Lou: No, Gilear must be the chosen one. That's the only…

Emily: We can't send Gilear home.

Ally: I'm so shocked.

Murph: Brennan is teaching you a lesson right now.

Lou: No, I'm honestly--

Ally: I'm shook.

Emily: No no no, the lesson it taught me is that Gilear has a part to play
yet.

Fabian: The takeaway-- yes. Me and Fig are 100%, me and Fig, who's not there,
are 100% on the same page. Gilear is the chosen one and must be kept safe.

Zac: I'm gonna strap Gilear to my back.

(players laugh)

Murph: Because of Fabian's ego, he probably does actually think that Gilear is
the chosen one.

Lou: Oh, he must be at this point.

Murph: Yeah, you must be Aragorn and he must be Frodo.

Lou: After this, I'm going to have a long talk about it with everyone about
the importance of Gilear.

Emily: Guys, Gilear is Frodo!

Murph: Gilear is Frodo. #gilearisfrodo.

(players laugh)

Lou: Wow.

Murph: Please @ Brennan.

Ally: Wait, do they get life, do they get points back for killing someone? Do
they just see an easy kill?

Zac: I think—

Murph: It might just be chaotic evil demons.

Emily: They've seen the future. They've seen the future, and they're going
after the greatest threat in the room.

Ally: I don't think so.

Lou: Inside of Gilear is a golden light. There's some kind of orb or treasure.

Ally: Inside of Gilear is yogurt.

(players laugh)

Lou: Well, then, the yogurt--

Ally: Old yogurt.

Siobhan: Inside of Gilear is nothing because you made him shit himself.

(players laugh)

Brennan: Okay, hold on a second.

Lou: Jesus. I knew there was something special about that boy.

Brennan: You see Tracker full transforms into her werewolf form. (growls)
Leaps at the most injured demon. Ragh comes, swings, injures that demon as
well. It is looking extremely hurt as Tracker and Ragh go through it.

Lou: Hell yes!

Brenan: Ba ba bum, that is now, that is going to be the vulture aarakocra
slams the elevator. Starts to go down. You and Sandra Lynn are going to make a
group Stealth check so you give me Stealth as long as it's not a nat one, it
should be okay.

Ally: 16.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: That was the hardest miss.

Ally: Oh, sorry 13.

Brennan: 13.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool, Sandra Lynn grabs you. You both jump boom on top of the
elevator as it goes down. Adaine, you see this sort of thing go (screeches)
Its illusion fades, this nasty vulture like skeksis kind of looking thing, and
you see that these weird skeletal arms kind of (screeches) This is a vrock.
It's another type of abyssal demon. Comes down, tattered, mangy bellhop
uniform on it. The elevator goes down. As the door slides open, and this thing
pushes out, you see in a wreath of flame, the cambion appearing down here.
There are six more barlgura down here and another vrock as well in a massive
satanic penthouse. You see an altar with Riz spread out on it chained up.

Murph: Hot.

Brennan: Fig standing over him with a curvy dagger. Her eyes swollen in her
head, literally with goofy spirals on them, like [swirling motions with his
index fingers] pew wew!

Emily: Maybe this is like one of those massages that hurts?

(players laugh)

Murph: I'm trying to will myself to know magic,

Riz: Dispel magic, I dispel you, Fig! I dispel you! I dispel you!

Brennan: The vrock says,

Vrock: (screeches) Boss says we gotta come.

Brennan: That is the vrock's turn. That is going to be Gorgug.

Zac: Gorgug is still trying to figure out what room (laughs) No.

(players laugh)

Zac: Gorgug probably just screams

Gorgug: [dramatically reaching a hand out] Noooooo!

Zac: For Gilear.

(players laugh)

Zac: But then, also, there's so much going on. I think he's gonna go for the
injured dude. Go into a rage, and then, I think I'm going to reckless attack
this guy. So, that's…

Brennan: Awesome.

Zac: One attack with advantage, and that would be nat 20.

Ally: Yes!

(players cheer)

Brennan: Oh baby! Alright, Savage Critical because you're a half orc. So,
that's gonna be 3d12 plus whatever you add.

(players cheer)

Zac: 3d12, eh?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: Plus 6.

Lou: Oh god.

Emily: I have a question.

Murph: For Gilear.

Zac: Okay, nine, 10.

Lou: That's for Gilear for sure.

Siobhan: Sorry.

Lou: He's the chosen one.

Zac: I have 15 plus 6 on the first attack so 21.

Brennan: First attack does 21. The extremely injured barlgura, are you going
for that or the uninjured one?

Zac: The injured one.

Brennan: You decapitate that one, woo! Ax goes through. That demon hits the
floor dead.

Zac: And then, I guess I'll take the rest of my movement towards the other one
just to.

Brennan: Ah yeah, it's right adjacent so it's no sweat. You're like the lobby
smells with the stench of abyssal blood. You can feel the heat of this dead
demon's body. The decapitated, the neck thing, just eels start to wriggle out
of his neck stump. Horrifying abyssal magic. The next one (growls) at you
roaring. Go ahead and take your next attack.

Zac: That's a 23.

Brennan: 23 hits.

Zac: Okay, and that's… That's only eight damage, and then, since I raged, I
can't do frenzies.

Brennan: Eight damage, cool, no worries. That's now going to move back on top
of the order. Riz, that is you. You see the elevator come down. You can hold
your action if you want 'cause Adaine goes right after you, or you can attempt
to do something.

Siobhan: I'm also invisible so you don't know I'm there.

Brenan: Oh yeah, that's true. Riz, it is your turn.

Murph: I think right now, oh you know what? Do I see my sword anywhere in this
room?

Brennan: It's up against a far wall away from here, yes.

Murph: Oh god, okay. I definitely can't, I'm assuming I'm not going to be able
to wiggle out. I think I'm gonna wait and hold my initiative thinking that
I'll like move to out of the way when Fig stabs down with the knife.

Brennan: Okay, gotcha. So, Adaine, that is your turn.

Siobhan: Yes, can I see Riz's sword?

Brennan: You can see Riz's sword, and you can see a clearly dominated Fig.

Siobhan: Great. Is the sword within 30 feet of me?

Brennan: Yeah, it is within 30 feet of you.

Siobhan: Great, I would like to grab the sword? And then, I would like to cast
Dispel Magic on Fig.

Brennan: Hell yeah, so this is over a third level spell.

Siobhan: I don't have any fourth level spells to cast it as. So, and this is
my last third level spell, so.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Siobhan: Fingers crossed, everybody!

Brennan: Boggy can give you the help action here.

Siobhan: Yes, oh, do I have to roll? Is it my roll?

Brennan: I believe it's a raw intelligence check.

Siobhan: Oh yes, DC10 plus the spell's level.

Brennan: Correct.

(players scream)

Siobhan: Oh, 2 nat 20s.

(players yell)

Brennan: Are you kidding me? What, we, I promise the dice aren't weighted,
guys. I—

Murph: That's insane.

Brennan: I fully promise.

Ally: That is so sick.

Lou: We're scary now.

Zac: Did that work? Did that work?

Murph: I'm so excited, but does that fucking do it?

Siobhan: Brennan, I'm so sorry, does that work? (mumbles)

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead and say with... [laughing instead of speaking]

Zac: Just wondering.

Siobhan: Everybody dies, we win!

Zac: Cool, so, and you're still under your Greater Invisibility, right?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: So, you hear Boggy just goes, you also, you can see through your own
invisibility. Boggy, I should say does have one second mood. He does have
another mood besides “happy to be here, gang”, because sometimes that mood
would actually make you feel more anxious if your surroundings were too
hellish and bad. So, right when the door opens, he does change to his second
mood, which is he sort of narrows his eyes a little bit, and just gives a
general like “I don't know about this”, which is his second mood.

Zac: One of two moods.

Brennan: One of two moods. The second mood is a kind of like a confused light
disapproval.

(players laugh)

Brennan: And but, as soon as you cast that dispel you see, he goes back to
being happy to be here. I'm gonna say with two nat 20s, Riz's little bundle of
stuff is Mage Handed across to Riz, and Fig, you move up in initiative order
with the power of a one in 400 chance Dispel Magic.

Ally: That's insane.

Brennan: You boom come out of the spell! Suddenly remember all the stuff you
did, but you remember it through that haze of like automatically driving and
see yourself holding this dagger in the middle of this place with Riz here.
Both of you, it is your turn.

Emily: Okay, what were we just, what was I just saying? Like so I remember
everything, right?

Brennan: Through the haze of it all, you got here, gave them the Devil's
Heart, the ruby, with your dad trapped in it. They have done some kind of
spell to it. It is up in the like coat check room upstairs right now. So, the
ruby's in the coat check room upstairs, and they told you to come down here
because the final thing they needed to do in order for all this to happen was
to have a human sacrifice, and Riz was the person they had. Riz, you remember
something that I need to say now, which is this. You see a person that Fig
doesn't see. As the cambion appears and says kill them, dressed all in black,
but like face concealed, just two slitted yellow eyes, you see a figure look
across the room, roll their eyes, walk into shadow and disappear.

Emily: I grab Riz, Dimension Door to the coat room.

Brennan: Oh, and you're out of your bonds, incredible! Awesome.

Fig: I mean, I don't know what your plan is, but I'm just like this is bad.

Riz: This is good, this is good, yeah.

Brennan: So, you have your stuff, you hit him, teleport (grunts) You see a
room full of demons all go (groans) man, what? And most of them are
downstairs. You guys appear in the coat room. So, that's your action, any
bonus action or anything else there?

Emily: I'll wink at you and give you Bardic Inspiration, and be like,

Fig: Are we even now?

Riz: We'll talk about it later. We'll talk about it later, you're acting
really weird.

Fig: Just so you know, that was not my choice to do.

Riz: Yes, I know that, yes, of course.

Fig: Okay.

Riz: Yeah. We're cool.

Fig: I'm really sorry.

Riz: It's okay.

Fig: I didn't even wanna say sorry while I was doing it. It seemed really
normal, but right now, it feels so not normal and I feel super messed up.

Riz: You totally don't need to apologize right now.

Fig: I need a cigarette.

Murph: Are we in the main room?

Brennan: No, you guys are off in the coat check. Everyone fighting upstairs,
give me a Perception check.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: Anyone that beat a 15, here's Fig and Riz talking in the, like where
the coats are.

Gorgug: [anguished] Gilear's dead!!!!

Riz: What?

Fig: What?

(players laugh)

Murph: I guess I'll rush in--

Fig: Did I do that? I didn't do that, right?

Gorgug: No, one of these guys did.

Murph: I still have a turn, right?

Brennan: Yes, you still have a turn.

Murph: I guess I'll rush out into the main area.

Fabian: The Ball!

Riz: Hey, what's up, guys? We have a lot to catch up on. Oh m— Gilear! Hold my
hand out, and is there anybody who's injured or anything?

Brennan: Gilear is dead.

(players laugh)

Brennan: Other than that, I literally don't think they've done damage to you
guys.

Emily: I actually do have a reaction if someone's died within 30 feet of me, I
can capture their soul, and I think right now, I'm just doing it emotionally.
I'm just like in a way that I'm like, I wanna keep everything of you that
existed. So, I just capture a soul.

Brennan: A wispy image of Gilear appears in your hands, and he goes

Gilear: How did I do? How was I in the fight?

Fig: You killed everyone.

Gilear: I don't know my own strength. I'm so sorry.

Fig: No, I'm sorry--

Gilear: I can't feel anything.

(Brennan laughs)

Fig: That's good.

Brennan: Riz, what do you do?

Murph: I guess, there's just this one big monster in here?

Brennan: One big monster in here, yeah.

Murph: Okay, I guess I'll take a shot at him. Yeah, but I guess I yell,

Riz: Once we've got everyone rounded up I think we need to leave. There's a
lot of people downstairs.

Murph: Oh, geez. That's only a 13 to hit.

Brenan: 13 does not hit.

Riz: Great, sorry, guys!

(Brennan laughs)

Brennan: Okay--

Murph: And then, I guess I'll hide as a bonus action.

Brennan: Cool, give me a stealth check.

Murph: 20.

Brennan: 20, cool. Cathilda is going to rush the last one there. That's going
to be two hits. [counting]

Zac: I want you to use the nat 20 on that guy.

Brennan: Six, 10, 14, 21, 28.

Siobhan: So many numbers.

Lou: So many--

Brennan: Cathilda runs up and slits the throat of the barlgura. Blood starts
oozing, it's still up, but she does a tremendous amount of damage.

Fabian: Yes, Cathilda, yes!

Cathilda: Right? Well, I do love to clean up a mess, sir. You know that.

(players laugh)

Fabian: Maid humor.

Ally: I'm not there for this, okay? I'm not there for this.

Brennan: Kristen, you and Sandra Lynn are down. Sandra Lynn, both of you guys
make a Perception check.

Ally: Sure. Yeah, high, yeah, 25.

Brennan: You both know that Fig and Riz are gone so you don't have to jump
down into the elevator if you don't want to.

Ally: Right, yeah, okay, I have a question for you.

Brennan: Yes.

Ally: So, these are like Satanist devils.

Brennan: Yes.

Ally: And the only people I think more obsessed with the satanic than
Satanists are [laughing] Christians.

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: So can I roll like a Religion check on this and try to figure out
everything that's going on? Like what they were trying to do, maybe where that
devil's heart gem is that got stolen.

Emily: It's in the coat check.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Oh, cool.

Brennan: Give me a Religion check.

Ally: Okay, I get advantage on this because of my book. Oh, a 20 rolled away.
Okay, this is a 16.

Brennan: These are a group of demons. They seem to be the staff of this hotel.
You're not sure if that is a permanent thing or if that's a thing that
happened recently. The leader is a cambion, the winged kind of more
classically devil looking one that was the concierge, seems to be in charge.
There's two of these vulture ones that appear more capable of speech, and
then, there is the barlgura, which are the huge sort of gorilla demons. All of
them are wearing like tattered nasty hotel garb for the most part, except of
the cambion that's wearing like nice armor. You know that demons are different
than devils in a really important way which is that devils administer the nine
hells. It is a place of lawful evil things. What that ends up meaning a lot is
they are there to like punish the soul of the wicked, and they are about like
contracts where you sell your soul, tyranny, subjugation, lording over and
conquering. Demons from the abyss are not about punishing the souls of the
wicked, they're about being pure forces of destruction. They are chaotic evil.
They're, the abyss is not like a part of the bureaucracy of how souls get
punished or whatever. Like people do end up there, but the demons don't like,
tend to the running of the abyss. That is like the inmates running a prison
metaphor kind of place. Demons don't tend to have one modus operandi. What you
do remember is Adaine's lore about devils saying that demons, that the
Nightmare King had fought on behalf of demons before in the past.

Ally: Got it.

Brennan: What do you do?

Ally: Try to get back up, maybe climb back up?

Brennan: Cool, give me an Athletics check.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn is going to use her turn to give you the help action.

Ally: Great, that's good. That's really good.

Lou: Thank God.

Ally: Let's see, that's a 14?

Brennan: Yeah, Sandra Lynn boosts you up and like gets you to pry open the
doors and you can move out back into the lobby where this fight is going on.

Kristen: Cool, hey, guys!

Fabian: Gilear is dead!

Kristen: What?

Fabian: And he's special.

Ally: Okay, I sprint to Gilear with whatever remaining.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: I have, can I do Spare the Dying or is he just too far gone?

Brennan: He's full dead.

Ally: All right.

Brennan: So, it's gonna be a Revivify or nothing.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: So reluctant. Let's see, I guess, let me just find it.

Siobhan: All of your turns will be used for this.

Ally: I, yeah. Hey, I casted something on him to try to save him. Okay, I cast
Revivify, and I spend a diamond, and I burn it.

Brennan: Cool, so that's 300 gold pieces if you guys wanna like trade off who
does it, or.

Fig: I'll pay it off.

Kristen: Yeah?

Gorgug: Maybe we just put him in debt a little bit.

Kristen: Oh, yeah, let's keep a--

Fabian: We'll take it from his pay.

Kristen: We'll put it on his tab.

Fig: Yes, we're doing a layaway thing with Gilear.

Brenan: You reach down--

Ally: Can I reach down into his pocket, take out his wallet, and try to take
the 300 gold pieces?

Lou: That's the first thing. You're not even trying to Revivify.

Ally: I'm checking the pockets of a dead man, but it's Gilear, it's okay.

Brennan: Dragon madness.

Lou: What?

Brennan: Nothing, you reach down. As you cast Revivify, in this new place of
like absurdist, nihilistic doubt, instead of like wielding the holy light of
Helio to perform a miraculous resurrection, instead you just feel a powerful
feeling of like sure, why not this? Why not come back from the dead? Why would
that not be a thing that could happen? And you hear (gasps) (yells) and Gilear
comes back with 1 hit point.

Gilear: (yells)

Fig: Gilear!

Ally: Can you tell me what's in Gilear's wallet?

Gilear: I have never felt something as powerful as that demon hitting me in
the back of the head.

Fig: What did you see on the other side?

Gilear: You! You grabbed my soul and talked to me. I was there for the whole
thing.

Fig: [laughing] Sorry if that was invasive. I was just trying to remember you.

Gilear: No, I get it, (groans) it hurt. (groans)

Fig: I could sort of do like, you know when someone does a speech at someone's
funeral, but I could do it as you.

(players laugh)

Brennan: Kristen, that's your turn. In a blast of fire, the cambion opens a
gate, and all of the demons from downstairs appear up in the lobby with you
guys.

Kristen: We have to run, right?

Fabian: At least Gilear needs to escape.

Brennan: That is going to be Fabian.

Fabian: First off, Hangman, I need you now!

Hangman: Sire, I am on my way! (grumbles)

Fabian: Great, Gilear, my motorcycle will be here in a second. I know you're
going to shit yourself, but just get on it, all right?

Gilear: [stressed] Okay, I'll do that right now.

Lou: Great, and then, can I run, use him as a springboard a second time?

Brennan: Cool, give me an Athletic.

Ally: He has 1 health point left.

Siobhan: It takes away your advantage to use him as a springboard.

Lou rolls, then sighs, putting his hand to his face. Zac headdesks. Siobhan
shakes her head sadly.

Emily: [screams] You deserve it! You deserve this!

Brennan: Is that a nat 1?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Gilear is unconscious and making death saving throws.

Lou and Emily: No!

(players scream)

Murph: You deserve it. You fully deserve it.

Ally: [pointing emphatically at Lou] You!

After pointing at Lou, Ally covers part of their chest with their hand, then
covers their face with both hands.

Brennan: You leap up, you think he's gonna give you his face again, but he
remembers last time and turns it away. You fully crush his windpipe, leap off.

Ally: That made me so mad, it burst my stitches.

Brennan: [genuinely concerned] Oh no, are you okay?

Ally: I'll be fine! I'm fine, they're mostly healed, but the ones that aren't,
are in trouble.

Lou: That's on me, yes.

(players laugh)

Brennan: Cool, Gilear's--

Fabian: We had a good thing going!

Lou: And then, can I stand--

Ally: You, after I fucking cast the Revivify. [groans]

Brennan: So Fabian, you can't, so you, on that nat 1, (claps) you do not get
any jump advantage or anything like that.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: What are you gonna do? There's six barlgura, two are, two vrocks and
a cambion facing you, and then you've got the injured one right next to you.

Lou: I'll go for the cambion.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you rush forward, go for the cambion, go ahead and--

Lou: We got a nat 20 the first time, I thought we had a thing going.

Brennan: Go ahead and make your attacks, my man.

Lou: That's a 23.

Brennan: Hit.

Lou: And 20.

Brennan: Both hit.

Lou: Sick! 11, and 11, 22 damage on the cambion.

Brennan: Ooh! This thing goes from being pretty uninjured to messed up.
(mimics fighting grunts) The Sword of the Seacasters rattles out, this thing
goes,

Cambion: (hisses) Why must you meddle, we were so close!

Fabian: Well, it's what we do! We're [makes finger guns] the Bad Kids!

Cambion: What?

(laughter)

Fabian: We're the Bad Kids!

Cambion: I have no frame of reference for that!

Fabian: Well, we have a whole past, you see. It all started one day in--

Cambion: You will pay for your branding!

Gorgug: You just killed your mom's boyfriend!

Fabian: I didn't kill him, all right? He's unconscious! Also, he's not dead,
all right? Everyone needs to be, stop, he's chosen.

Brennan: Okay! True. You guys see, the next thing that happens is this.

(Ally groans)

(laughter)

Brennan: You see three of the barlgura rush for the coat room, and another two
of them rush in to fight Fabian, and then another two, including the very
badly injured one, grab Gilear's body and rush out the front door of the
hotel.

Zac: Can I take an attack of opportunity on them?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Lou: Can I also take an attack of opportunity?

Emily: What about me, am I there to take an attack of--

Brennan: I think you are still in the coat check room, right?

Emily: Damn!

Ally: I think I'm there 'cause I just touched him.

Brennan: Yes, you're right there. So anyone that wants to take an attack of
opportunity can.

Zac: Does a 13 hit?

Brennan: 13 does not hit.

(Zac groans)

Lou: Can I take one as well? But am I too far away from Gilear's body?

Brennan: You are at this point too far away from Gilear's body, but you can go
for the one that's going for him, it'll just be uninjured.

Lou: That's a, a 25.

Brennan: 25 hits.

Lou: That's 14.

Brennan: 14 damage. You slash out as it runs past you--

Ally: It stops him, right?

Brenan: And it stops him, so only the injured one runs out with Gilear. Only
the bad injured one runs out with Gilear. Kristen, you can take a swing at
that one.

Ally: Okay. Wait, I did, I already failed--

Brennan: Oh, you already did, cool. And Ragh and Tracker are gonna take swings
as well. Ragh misses, Tracker hits. Ooh, Tracker gets a good hit on that one.
Rah! Claw goes out. That one's looking badly injured, but does grab Gilear's
body, and make it out the door. That is going to be the two that are going for
Fabian, cool, cool. Got some attacks coming Fabian's way. That's a hit.

Lou: That's fine.

Ally: Oh man.

Brennan: That's a miss.

Ally: (laughs) Is Gilear really special?

Lou: Can I say--

Ally: I think that maybe just--

Murph: I think they might just need anyone to die, so maybe they wanna kill
the easy people.

Lou: The Hangman has attacks.

Murph: Although I don't know, yeah.

Emily: I think...

Lou: I think he's special.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: I'll wait. (laughs)

Ally: What?

Emily: What they want is, you were chosen first. I mean, if you were chosen--

Ally: Well, you're also--

Siobhan: He could be also that this is a liar.

Zac: I thought it would, my guess was--

Murph: Well, you guys lie as much as me.

Siobhan: Shut up, no I don't!

Emily: I never lie.

Brennan: Fabian takes 35 points of damage.

Ally: Jeez!

Brennan: As these barlgura, (mimics roaring, blows) rain blows down on top of
you. How many hit points does Fabian have?

Lou: You said 35?

Brennan: 35.

Lou: Then I have 51. And can I command the Hangman to chase the barlgura?

Fabian: Hangman, there's a demon coming out the door with a very important
person! I need you to attack him with your slam attack!

Hangman: Sire, it would be my honor! I wish to slam the demon!

Fabian: Slam away!

Hangman: Long have the devils of the nine hells and the demons of the abyss
warred, let the war continue here, in front of the Hotel Cavalier!

Fabian: Yes, yes!

Brennan: Incredible! So the Hangman's gonna act on your initiative. We now
see, that is going to be Sandra Lynn. Sandra Lynn sees her, she's like,

Sandra Lynn: My ex-husband!

Brennan: And runs out the door. (laughter) Incredible.

Fig: I knew you still loved him!

Brennan: She runs out, and she's gonna go twice here. That is a critical hit
from Sandra Lynn.

Ally: Yeah!

Lou: Rockin'.

Brennan: You guys see… 11, plus 8, 19 more damage.

Ally: Oh yeah, yeah. It hurt, but--

Brennan: Sandra Lynn puts two arrows into the back of the barlgura running
down the street, it's about 20 feet away from her. And that is going to be
Ragh, sorry, no the barlgura that rushed to you in the coat check all rush in,
only one—

Fig: Ah, come to take more orders from me?

Brennan: (laughs) Go ahead and make a deception check with disadvantage.

Emily: Disadvantage, okay. But I do have advantage because of my being an
actor.

Brennan: Only when you're impersonating other people.

Emily: Ah, damn! Okay.

Lou: Isn’t possessed Fig a different person?

Ally: Double 20s!

Siobhan and Emily: Double 17s.

Ally: Hey!

: So that's gonna be a 28.

Brennan throws one hand in the air and shakes his head, then gives Emily a
disbelieving look.

(laughter)

Emily: Yeah!

Lou: We're back!

Brennan: (grunts) Oh? You see the other two barlgura kind of try to muscle in
behind this one as it looks at you for--

Fig: Retrieve the Yogurt Man!

(laughter)

Ally: (laughs) Yogurt Man!

Fig: For your queen!

Ally: Oh man.

Fig: The Shadow Cat.

Brennan: You see Ragh is gonna rush up to join Fabian, that's a hit. And
that's a hit.

Ally: Hell yeah, Ragh.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Brennan: 13 plus… 14… He does 27 points of damage to one of the ones, he's
like,

Ragh: Hoot Growl, baby! [roars] [stabs with polearm]

Lou: Just full fist bump, just hell yeah, man.

Brennan: Tracker has a heightened speed, and is going to run out and make two
grapple checks.

Lou: Get those in quick, dude, get those in.

Siobhan: Creep!

Brennan: And you see that Tracker leaps on the back of the demon, tries to
slow it down, and it's just, she's a barnacle on the back of this demon, as it
careens down the street.

Emily: The demon with Gilear, right?

Brennan: The demon with Gilear, yeah. But Tracker has lodged successfully on
to its back. Cool. I'm gonna need everybody still in the lobby, which is going
to be Ragh, Cathilda, and I believe Fabian, Kristen, Riz, and Gorgug.

Emily: Does coat check count?

Brennan: Coat check does not count.

Murph: I'm hiding.

Brennan: You're good, in that case, because you're a little bit farther away.
I'm gonna need all you guys to give me a constitution saving throw.

Zac: Aw man, so this isn't a Charisma based check against us?

Brennan: This is Constitution saving throw.

Emily: I think you'll have a chance to use that some other day.

Lou: 16.

Ally: (claps) Nat 20!

Brennan: Let me know--

Lou: Keep 'em rolling!

Ally: And these are with Brennan's dice.

Brennan: 24, cool. You see, and I need two, so that's one Constitution roll.
I'm going to need another Constitution from everybody.

Ally: Does that nat 20 count for two?

Brennan: Roll this next save with advantage.

Zac: 21.

Brennan: 21.

(die rolls)

Lou: 23.

(Ally laughs)

Ally: Another nat 20! These are on Brennan's dice 'cause I forgot mine at home
today!

Brennan: I will say, the corn, the yellow one does roll well for me.

Ally: Really? This guy?

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Lou: Got these soft, soft edges.

Ally: I love it! It looks like cheese.

Brennan: You guys see that both of those vrocks, the vulture guys go, (loud
crowing) reverberating sound things come. Ragh and Cathilda are both stunned,
they're out. The rest of you guys successfully resist the stunning effect.
That's the, that is going to be--

Ally: How many people are surrounding us right now?

Brennan: You have about two of these vrocks, the cambion, and three of, and
two of the barlgura that are scrapping you in the lobby. Three barlgura are
dealing with Fig, and then the other one is running down the street. That's
gonna be Gorgug's turn.

Zac: Chaos.

Ally: Should we just run? Am I crazy—

Brennan: Pure chaos, just demons in the lobby. You see the chandeliers
rocking, fire everywhere--

Zac: I think we can't leave, yeah—

Emily: You can’t run if you’re stunned.

Cast: Yeah.

Lou: And those ape dudes.

Emily: There’s still ape dudes?

Zac: I guess Gorgug's gonna run at the cambion--

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: And (laughs) And just yell,

Gorgug: Liar!

(Brennan laughs)

Zac: And just… Yeah, I just, I'm trying to decide if I want a Reckless Attack.
Maybe I won't Reckless Attack, just 'cause I don't want to get owned by
everyone. So yeah, just regular attack. Does a 14 hit?

Brennan: Sure does, oh no, 14 does not hit. Not the cambion.

(die rolls)

Zac: Does a 21 hit?

Brennan: Yes it does.

Zac: And then I'm gonna Frenzy, so that gives me just one more attack, right?

Brennan: Yep.

Zac: And that's a 20.

Brennan: 20 hits.

Zac: So two hits. All right. So… 22 points of damage to that person.

Brennan: Ooh damn!

Zac: To the cambion.

Lou: 22 points of damage is the damage amount of the night, I'll tell you
that.

Brennan: So--

Zac: Especially on that--

Brennan: So all three members of the Aguefort, all three members of the
Aguefort Owlbears rush forward to this cambion, (mimics fighting grunts) and
you thud in, you have pushed all the way back so that there's a small group of
hotel baggage, you (mimics fighting grunt) send this cambion careening into
the baggage, (mimics crashing) a little blast of brimstone and flame. And that
is going to be Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: All right, I'm down in this place, can I do a quick little
Investigate check--

Brennan: Give me a quick little Investigate check.

Siobhan: Since nobody else is down here, and it seems bad?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: Ah.

Siobhan: Ooh. I got a 26.

Brennan: The cambion made eye contact with something that was not here a
moment before you freed Fig. Looked in a corner, nodded to somebody.

Siobhan: Can I stab it with Riz's sword?

Brennan: You, well, Riz has Riz's sword.

Siobhan: No, I have Riz's sword.

Brennan: Oh, I thought you sent your stuff--

Siobhan: No, I picked up the sword.

Murph: I think the double nat 20s, I thought--

Brennan: I narrated that the double nat 20s gave him his stuff back. If you
want that to happen.

Siobhan: I did sort of want to keep the sword for now.

Brennan: Well then, you're doomed, Riz. Adaine--

Siobhan: No, Riz has a gun!

Murph: I can't Misty Step anymore.

Brennan: Cool. Yeah, so you take, if you want to take your action and do it,
you can stab.

Siobhan: Yeah, I think I want to.

Brennan: Cool. You reach to your waist. Pull the Sword of Shadows. (mimics
magical whoosh) Shadows come to life, one blade, last time you saw this used
was when it was plunged into the head of Kalvaxus during prom last year. You
reach back, stab forward, make an attack roll.

Siobhan: I don't have the stats to--

Brennan: Plus 1.

Siobhan: It's plus 1 plus my Dex?

Brennan: Yes, you could, it's a finesse weapon, so you can use your Dex. But
you're, I don't, yeah.

Siobhan: So plus 1 plus my Dex, I got a 20.

Brennan: 20? You stab forward, and it goes forward, flickers, comes back.

Siobhan: Nothing. Well, okay. And there's nothing else interesting in this
room?

Brennan: You watched all the demons teleport up to the lobby.

Siobhan: Great, then I guess I Misty Step up to the lobby.

Brennan: Invisibly! You see absolute chaos here. Adaine is back in the lobby
with everybody else. Riz, that's gonna be--

Siobhan: Wait, can I take my movement?

Brennan: Yeah!

Siobhan: I'm gonna go outside.

Brennan: Cool. You hop outside.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Yeah, you see the escaping barlgura with Gilear. That is Adaine, Riz,
that's you.

Murph: Sweet. I guess I'm gonna run outside and try to shoot the guy who's
running away with—

Brennan: Tracker gives you Sneak Attack.

Murph: Yes, yes, yes, yes. Can I hide first to try to give myself advantage?

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Murph: Great. That's a 18.

Brennan: 18 succeeds.

Murph: Okay, great. Come on, now!

Lou: Cha-cha!

Murph: Hey! (claps) Nat 20!

(cheering)

Ally: A 20 and a 19!

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: [staring into the camera like he’s on the Office] You guys help me.
You watching at home, please help me.

Murph: Does the nat 20 hit? (laughs)

Ally: Will it hit?

Brennan: [exasperated] Yes, it hits. It's full double damage, all that sneak
attack damage.

(Emily laughs)

Siobhan: Wow. Murph went to England and he came back a good roller.

Emily: This is my husband, y'all.

Lou: That's what it took.

(laughter)

Emily: Yeah, count out that Sneak Attack, baby—

(laughter)

Murph: Oh my God.

Emily: Count it slow.

Lou: Count it slow?

Murph: 34 damage.

(Ally claps)

Brennan: You, Adaine, you appear right next to it, as you get your bearings,
you see Riz just walks out of the hotel, full extension raises, and explodes
the head of this demon, and it just, whoom, (mimics skid) skids along,
Tracker, (mimics growling) and you see--

Riz: Tell Daybreak I said hi.

(laughter)

Brennan: You see that Gilear's body just tumbles and rolls and plants against
a fire hydrant. [thuds] And the demon is dead, no more. That is going to now
be—

Zac: Do you get multiple attacks?

Murph: No.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: That's Riz, Fig, that's you.

Emily: Okay. So Gilear is [airquotes] safe. Is there anyone outside that's
within 60 feet of Gilear?

Brennan: You have to get past all these barlgura and--

Emily: That's cool, I got a skateboard.

Brennan: Ooh yes!

Emily: Skateboard that lets me dash as a bonus.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: So I want to take, use an object interaction to grab the ruby from the
coat check.

Brennan: Cool, yep.

Emily: Slip it in my pocket, put in my headphones, get on my skateboard, and
dash out to someone, to an enemy that's within 60 feet of Gilear.

Brennan: Excellent. You use the bonus action to dash, you grab the ruby. As
you go to where the ruby, where you remember putting the ruby in coat check,
the ruby is clouded black. It is jet. It is the exact same cut, and as you
grab it, where your fingers touch it, little tendrils of ruby light come out
of the dark, black storm of the gem, almost like those Tesla globes where you
put your fingers on them and lightning touches them, but what is in here has
been clouded by some dark storm, and is trapped deep within this. But you grab
the ruby, and you can, if you want, bonus action dash, and get out of here.

Emily: Bonus action dash, and I want to attack someone that's within 60 feet
of Gilear.

Brennan: Right now, there's no one within--

Murph: Gilear's just outside.

Brennan: He's outside, there was one--

Murph: The lobby's where there's chaos. These guys are fighting.

Emily: Just, I wanted to attack someone and then Healing Word Gilear. Ah, I
still have action. So I'll dash, attack someone, then run out to within 60
feet--

Brennan: That you can do, absolutely.

Emily: Okay, so I want to do that.

Brennan: But remember, you have to use a bonus action to dash. You can just
use your movement—

Emily: Oh, you're right! (laughs) No! I need to Healing Word Gilear!

Ally: You can just dash and throw me towards Gilear—

Brennan: You can just, you could just use your action to move, and then bonus,
and then--

Emily: All right, okay.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: New plan, sorry to do this. When I was in my world, what are these
people, what are these people, what were they trying to do, do I have any
memory of, if they were like, oh, I hope this doesn't happen?

Brennan: It's a haze to remember, they seemed to be taking orders from someone
you couldn't see.

Emily: All right, fuck, heck to it, I don't know what the PG version of that
is.

(laughter)

Emily: I cast Fear on the three guys in front of me.

Ally: None of that, heck to it.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: Heck to it, I cast Fear.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: So they gotta do a Wisdom save or drop whatever they're holding, and be
frightened.

Brennan: I, [defeated] where's my phone?

Lou: Did you roll two nat 20s?

Brennan: I rolled a 6, a 3, and a 2.

(Emily cheers)

Murph: Hell yeah!

Brennan: All of these barlgura, so what does Fig do to create this fear
effect?

Emily: I think she just flat, I think that that, I hold up the ruby, and I'm
like,

Fig: If you don't do what I say, you're going in this thing.

(panicked monkey screams)

Brennan: And all of them spring to one of the lobby chandeliers, and begin to
Tarzan just off into the depths of the hotel. Incredible. That is Fig, that's
Fig's turn. Gilear is going to make his first death saving throw. [leans over
the table] That's 2. Failure.

Ally: That's pretty Gilear, though.

Murph: Just one, just one.

Zac: Tracker is a cleric, right?

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Kristen, that's you.

Ally: Okay, great. I'm sorry, where am I?

Brennan: You're in the lobby.

Ally: I'm in the lobby and all these people are in front of the door to get
out?

Brennan: You're scrapping at the concierge desk. You could run out of the
lobby, it's only 15 feet to get to the doors of the lobby.

Ally: I do that.

Brennan: Cool. You rush outside, you see Tracker's out here, Sandra Lynn's out
here, you don't see Adaine, Riz is out here.

Ally: Great. And Gilear's in the bushes or something?

Brennan: He rolled out of the demon's hands and hit a fire hydrant, and is
sort of slumped--

Ally: Right, I run to Gilear.

Riz: I saved Gilear!

Fig: Thank you!

Ally: I run to Gilear and I cast Spare the Dying.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: I guess, just bring him up to zero.

Brennan: Bring him up to zero, great.

Ally: And then I kiss Tracker.

Kristen: Hi!

Brennan: She's in full wolf form.

Ally: It hurts.

(laughter)

Brennan: Yeah, you see that she has to, licks your full mouth, kind of dog
style.

Fig: Does she have dog breath?

Kristen: What?

Fig: Does she have dog breath?

Kristen: Yeah. It's sweet!

Emily: Oh!

Brennan: Awesome. Cool. The… Cambion's gonna take some swings at Fabian.

Lou: He's not dead?

Brennan: No, cambion's not dead.

Ally: Cambion's the mega daddy.

[Murph snorts]

Lou: I thought Gorgug slammed him into some coats and he turned into, I guess—
[shakes his head]

Brennan: Nope! Um, uh, cool.

Zac: The d12s are rolling bad.

Brennan: You take, 8, 14, 15, 23 points of damage as this cambion manifests a
fiery spear and slashes you across the stomach with it. What's Fabian at now?

Lou: 28.

Murph: You're at 28?

Lou: I'm at 28. And I'm chilling.

Brennan: Cool. Sandra Lynn looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: You got this?

Brennan: Walks back in, and is gonna take some shots at this cambion. Misses.
That's going to be the [growls] barlgura. Cool. These things are going,
there's still a bunch of them. There's, the one you stopped is gonna take some
swings at you. Hit. Hit. Hit. Another one's going for Gorgug.

Emily: Three of them are just climbing the chandelier though, right?

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: How many others are there? There's a cambion, and how many, there's two
bird people, cambion, and then, two of these gorillas fighting us?

Brennan: Yes. You see, they hit with all of their attacks.

Ally: Can we Dimension Door with our people who are passed out?

Murph: We can get, we're outside.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: We got two stunned people with us, too.

Ally: Yeah, we gotta go in and get the big stunned people, 'cause it's--

Brennan: 39 points of damage to Fabian.

Emily: No!

Lou: Down.

Brennan: Fabian, whoom, goes down. The next one deals (die rolls) 11, 13, 21,
22, 36 points of damage to Gorgug, halved to 18.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And what is Gorgug at?

Zac: Gorgug is at 94.

(laughter)

Brennan: Gotcha.

Emily: That's reassuring.

Siobhan: So you need to heal.

Brennan: Cool.

Gorgug: Help!

(laughter)

Brennan: The other ones are dead or fleeing. Tracker leaps, and in mid-air,
goes back into humanoid form, rushes in the door, and is going to hit Fabian
with a Healing Word.

Emily: Oh sweet!

Ally: Thank god.

Brennan: You see that you are healed for 5 hit points.

Fabian: That's all I need. Thank you!

Tracker: You got it!

Brennan: The vrocks. [cool metal music playing] Cool. I'm gonna need
Constitution saves again from everybody. Two.

Ally: Even if we're outside?

Brennan: Oh, I'm sorry, just the people that are near the demons.

Lou: 20 for the first one.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: 21 for the first one.

Lou: 23 for the second, cool.

Zac: 24 and then a 12.

Brennan: And then a 12.

Emily: 19 for the second one.

Brennan: Cool, cool, cool.

Emily: 21 and 19, oh thank you.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Does Mindless Rage help at all?

Brennan: No, you, okay, so only Gorgug, you are poisoned. You… So you are full
poisoned, and you can feel that it's starting to damage you as well.

Zac: What, what is the effect of that?

Brennan: You see that both of them go, and shake their nasty carrion feathers,
and a miasma of just spores and nasty disease mist oozes off. As you use it,
Gorgug, that is your turn.

Zac: So there's the two gorilla dudes, there's the two birds, there's--

Brennan: You've got three gorillas, two birds, and the cambion, who's looking
real messed up. You're also poisoned.

Zac: Okay. And how, I, what do I do in response to the being poisoned, I mean,
how does it affect my rolls or anything?

Brennan: You get disadvantage.

Zac: Oh, okay. Gotcha. I'm just gonna try to kill this cambion.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: All right.

Brennan: So you're rolling with disadvantage.

Zac: Does a 12 hit?

Brennan: 12 does not hit.

Zac: All right, I'm just going to take all of my attacks. Ugh, does a 12 hit?

Brennan: No, it does not.

(Ally laughs)

Zac: Frenzy. [sighs] Nat 20, but does a 17 hit?

Brennan: 17 does not, the poison courses through you.

Zac: [jaw dropped] A 17 doesn't hit?

Brennan: Yeah, the cambion's got high, high, high AC. You take your swings,
but are just coughing, in a fit of this choking stuff. Also, this round, at
the beginning you take eight points of damage, not halved. The next person to
go is going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: Okay. I guess I'll step back. I'm going to hand Riz's sword over to
him.

Riz: Whoa, hey!

Adaine: Hey, man!

Murph: You're still invisible, right?

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm super invisible.

Riz: Thanks!

Adaine: Ooh, magic!

Siobhan: I'm gonna step inside, and do I, can I do an Insight check to see
what kind of damage that I feel like this demon would be susceptible to, like
if it would be--

Brennan: Give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: 17?

Brennan: 17, the cambion?

Siobhan: Yeah. Acid, cold, fire, lighting, poison, or thunder?

Brennan: You feel like you're certain, you don't think it's immune to
anything, but you would bet it's immune probably to, or it's resistant to fire
and cold, you would assume.

Siobhan: Resistance to fire and cold.

Brennan: It might be resistant to other stuff, but on a 17, you're pretty sure
you remember it's resistant to fire and cold.

Siobhan: Okay, I'm gonna hit it with a chromatic orb lightning attack, so
well, I'll do a ranged spell attack.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: And that's a 25.

Brennan: Hell yeah, and what kind of damage are you doing?

Siobhan: Lightning, so it's 3d8 damage.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: D8, d8, d8. 11, 19 damage.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brenan: [impressed] 19 damage?

Ally: Fuck yeah!

Brennan: Holy moly, okay. This thing is, you, whow, hit it, and it is on its
last legs. You see that it is fried to within an inch of its life.

Siobhan: Great, and then, Cathilda is stunned?

Brennan: Stunned.

Siobhan: Can I pick her up?

Brennan: Yes, you--

Siobhan: She's a little halfling, right?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: And how do you get rid of stunned, is there a magical way to get rid
of stunned, or a cleric way to get rid of stunned?

Ally: If she's paralyzed, I think I can Lesser Restoration.

Brennan: Not paralyzed, most stunned effects don't last that long.

Siobhan: Oh, okay. Can I just give her a little shake?

(Ally laughs)

Lou: Just give her a little bop-bop.

Brennan: Yeah, you can give her a little shake. It might not help that much,
but you can do that, you can shake her a little bit.

Siobhan: Sure.

Lou: You are more than welcome to shake her.

Emily: [quietly, strained] Oh no, I dropped my dice.

Brennan: So, that is Adaine's turn. Riz, that's you.

Murph: Sweet. Is the Hangman out here?

Brennan: Yeah, Hangman has rolled right up.

Murph: Sweet. I would like to,

Riz: Hangman, we need to save our best friend.

Hangman: [confused] Fabian?

Riz: Yeah!

Hangman: Oh! Right, you, you, you have a thing with Fabian.

Riz: Huzzah!

(laughter)

(Brennan mimics motorcycle roaring)

Brennan: Cool! You stride--

Ally: Even the motorcycle cold shoulders you!

(laughter)

Brennan: You stride the Hangman and zoom into the lobby.

Siobhan: The Hangman is the most judgmental character in this game.

Ally: Yeah, absolutely!

Brennan: What does Riz do as he arrives in the lobby?

Murph: I guess I'll shoot at the, or you know what? Maybe I'll hop off the
Hangman and try to hide and then shoot the cambion?

Brennan: Okay, yes, absolutely. Go ahead, give me the Stealth check first?

Murph: Sweet. 15?

Brennan: Cool, you're not gonna get advantage on this.

Murph: Fuck, all right. We'll just take a regular shot, then. I really
sloppily do it back--

Brennan: Oh wait, 15 you said?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: You do get advantage.

Murph: Oh great, all right. It's not so sloppy, it looks fine. (dice rolls)
Goddamn it. 17?

Brennan: 17 doesn't do it.

Murph: (slams hand) Fuck!

Brennan: Sorry. (mimics bullet) Take your wild shot. Fig, that's you.

Emily: Okay. I think I'm just gonna straight up, who, actually, I don't know
if this is right but, who looks like the strongest demon in here?

Brennan: The cambion, although it's badly injured.

Emily: Okay--

Brennan: Actually, the vrocks maybe look stronger, but the cambion looks like
it might be in charge.

Emily: Okay then, I'm gonna just go for the cambion.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Emily: And I'm just going to attack, I'm gonna Hexblade Curse him, and attack
him.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Emily: Does a 18 hit?

Brennan: The cambion?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: No, it does not.

Murph: Wow.

Lou: Hot dog!

Brennan: He's high, gang.

Ally: Got that armor on.

Brennan: Yeah. That is Riz and Fig. Cathilda comes out of being stunned.

Ally: Okay!

Lou: It was the shaking, right?

Brennan: It was definitely the shaking.

Siobhan: I did something, I was useful.

Ally: Definitely the jiggle from an invisible girl.

Siobhan: I definitely stocked the right spells, and used my portent rolls at
the correct time.

(Emily laughs)

Ally: Mm-hmm, yeah. You totally did though, or else Gorgug would have gone
insane and killed us, but yeah.

Siobhan: Having said that.

Lou: That almost happened.

Siobhan: Had not planned on having two fights.

Zac: Yeah, that was today.

Ally: Yeah, that was today. It's been a long day.

Lou: A great day.

Fig: I just want to apologize to everyone, 'cause I kind of did all this
stuff.

Kristen: Now's not the time, though, sorry.

Fig: Really, 'cause my dad's in a cursed gem, I did that.

Brennan: Cathilda messes up one of the vulture things, just slashes at it.
Kristen, that's your turn.

Ally: Okay. I am going to walk towards the doorway, 'cause I'm outside, right?

Brennan: Yep.

Ally: I'm gonna cast Spirit Guardians at a fourth level spell.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: And then I can pick who's exempt from it, and I pick our whole party,
and I say, everyone, run out, 'cause if anyone passes through Spirit
Guardians, their movement is halved, and then they take all this damage. So I
say,

Kristen: Everyone run out these doors.

Brennan: Cool, awesome. You, whoom, hit the Spirit Guardians, Kristen has
sounded the retreat, get the hell out of here. You see, as you begin to summon
your thing, the cambion goes, hello, little cleric! (mimics roar) Leaps--

Zac: Can we attack it?

Brennan: It Misty Steps, like bonus action.

Ally: I take out a coffee really quick.

Fabian: Be casual, quick!

Ally: Ahh!

Brennan: It's gonna, it has to make a wisdom saving throw, I believe. Right?

Ally: It certainly does, or else it takes 4d8.

Brennan: (laughs) This thing does not have proficiency in Wisdom saving
throws. It fails.

Ally: Hell yeah, can I use your d8?

Lou: Yah!

Ally: Thank you. Fuck yeah! Aw, that is such a great roll. Okay, that is… 23,
oh, I'm sure that peaked the mic. 23 points of damage, which is a lot for
little old me.

Brennan: You see as this thing flashes, (mimics roaring) leaps through, it
runs. You cast Spirit Guardians with this new energy from before, before it
was philosophy students with Yes?

Ally: Yeah, it was hard, for all of us I think.

Brennan: Hard for everybody.

Ally: Yeah. (laughs)

Brennan: You see this is postgraduate philosophy majors.

Emily: Yes, bring it on!

Brennan: And you see that they appear, and are--

Ally: They get a little chiller?

Brennan: They appear, and they're not even standing. They also appear with
spectral swoop back coffee shop chairs, and small chalk slate tables, and
spectral little espressos, and you see they have sort of waxed mustaches—

Ally: No! Don’t do this to me!

Brennan: Sort of beanies, sort of like you can that their jackets smell like
cigarettes. And you see that the thing leaps, and the entire coffee shop that
appears around you as you pour your little coffee shop thing out, which is
your new holy symbol.

Ally: Is my new holy-- (laughs) I praise the bean. (laughs)

Brennan: I praise the bean! You see that they come out and one of the sort of
philosophy post-grads looks and goes, (snickers) and it reverberates through
the air, the little just snort, and the cambion freezes in midair and rotates
so its belly is up, and you see another one, who's this young woman with
thick, clear glasses frames with big Coke bottle glasses goes,

Woman: Right, you're evil, so you have wings and a tail, right? Like, your
wings are scaly because that's what bad is. Does that make sense to you?
Because a bird wing would be good. A feathery wing that was white would be a
good thing. Does that make sense? Trevor, you get that, right?

Brennan: And you see Trevor says,

Trevor: No, exactly, like fire, and you spit fire because you're bad, but your
fire smells bad. Help me understand what your deal is.

Brennan: And you see the cambion goes, (screams) and unravels and fucking
disappears.

(mimics whooshing)

Kristen: I mean, they're right, though, right? I mean, come on.

Fig: Yeah.

Ally: I find myself talking to them. My own Spirit Guardians.

(laughter)

Brennan: The Spiritual Guardians look over--

Kristen: Paradise Lost was written, and you could see the whole New Testament
shaped by it. [drinks coffee]

(Brennan laughs)

Brennan: Incredible. Sandra Lynn fires some more shots and beats retreat past
Kristen, saying,

Sandra Lynn: We gotta go, gang!

Brennan: Fires two more shots, and hits one of the badly injured barlgura. Two
arrows in the neck on the way out. Sandra Lynn leaps out the door, goes for
Gilear. These barlgura are going to attack. (dice rolls) Actually, they just
saw their cambion go up in flame, right? I'm gonna make a roll here, I'm gonna
say these guys need a 16 or higher to keep their resolve. (die rolls) That's a
three, baby.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: You see the barlgura see the cambion go up in the spell, and all
stumble back, see their brethren swinging up into the thing, they fully
abandon, they head off. Ragh comes out, takes some swings at the vrock.

(die rolls)

Brennan: You see Tracker, they, Ragh also comes out through the Spirit
Guardians. The vrocks beat a retreat as well. Gorgug, sorry, Fabian, that's
gonna be your action.

Lou: Great. I get up shakily and just mount the Hangman, and hop, encourage
anyone nearby to hop on board.

Brennan: Gorgug, you're there as well.

Gorgug: Nice!

Brennan: Ragh goes,

Ragh: Nice!

Brennan: And all three jocks jump on.

Gorgug: [holding onto Fabian’s waist] Nice!

Ragh: Nice!

Gorgug: Nice!

Ragh: Nice!

Fabian: Nice?

Gorgug: Nice!

Emily: Wait, where is it, where is Riz in all this?

Brennan: Riz is still in the lobby, the demons beat a hasty retreat.

Ally: It's like a jock-y version of those seagulls—

Lou: Can I do a bunch of weird, of those donut things, where I'm just spinning
around.

Emily: That's just taking up space.

Lou: Exactly, just ruining this lobby carpet.

Gorgug: One star for this hotel.

Brennan: You guys leave the Hotel Cavalier as the demons retreat.

Siobhan: Wait, I'm still there?

Brennan: Yes, you're still there.

Siobhan: I would like to grab the book with all of the sign-ins as we leave.

Brennan: Please put it in your inventory.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Can I talk to one of the Spirit Guardians and be like, can you see who
this man is in a photo with?

Brennan: One of the Spirit Guardians? You see they look at it and they say,

Postgrads: I mean, are any of us really with anyone, including yourself?

Kristen: No, no, no, you see, but it's really important, we're trying to see,
do you see a woman, or is he just holding his hand up in the air?

Postgrads: I mean, in a weird way, it's both, right?

Siobhan: My invisible hand grabs Kristen.

(laughter)

Postgrads: But here's my question to you. Here's my question to you.

Gorgug: Cancel him.

Postgrads: Does it really matter?

Fabian: Cancel it, cancel. X out.

Postgrads: What does it even mean to matter?

Kristen: I hate that I like this, though.

Postgrads: Just answer the question, if it matters, you should be able to
articulate it, right?

Kristen: I just, I don't know. That's the issue at hand, right? It's like,
does it really matter?

Brennan: And we come out of combat as Kristen goes deep into whatever this is.
You guys are out on the street. Tracker walks over, casts Cure Wounds. Gilear
is back at full health with one casting of Clear Wounds.

Ally: Can I cast Lesser Restoration and cure your poison?

Brennan: Yes, Lesser Restoration cures your poison. The Hangman is out there.
You guys see this sort of sinister looking hotel, you know the demons have
beat a retreat somewhere deeper into the hotel, but you guys have Fig and Riz
back.

Ally: I hug both of you really tight.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn is--

Fig: Stay away from me, I'm dangerous.

Kristen: No you're not!

Adaine: Dangerously cool!

Fig: Do you see what I did? I got Gilear killed, I tried to kill Riz. [holds
out ruby] Look at what I did to my other dad.

Ally: Whoa, can I--

Adaine: Did you have a nightmare?

Ally: Do an insight check on that or a religion check on this crazy ruby?

Emily: Yeah. I hold it out.

Brennan: Cool. By the way, I meant to ask, give me a Sleight of Hand check
with advantage.

Emily: [high voice] Okay! (die rolls) 14.

Brennan: So when you were going there, the ruby was in a small little velvet
pouch that had some other gemstones and stuff with it. Would you have just
grabbed the ruby, or would you have taken the pouch as well?

Emily: I would have just taken the pouch, yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I was just, I was being sloppy.

Brennan: Cool, cool, cool. You grabbed the thing and ran out there. Go ahead
and give me a religion check if you'd like to.

(die rolls)

(Ally grunts)

Ally: 15.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Can I do an arcana check--

Lou and Emily: Tim Allen?

(laughter)

(Ally grunts)

Brennan: 15 religion? The ruby has, this thing is cursed. In addition to, when
you found Gorthalax's ruby originally, Gorthalax was trapped by Arthur
Aguefort in a ruby. No way for him to get out, he was just trapped. This
appears to be something that is a curse placed on this. With a 15 religion,
you think it is an insurance policy against anyone ever being able to break
this open.

Emily: Do you, I remember the chords that I played, 'cause I played like a
weird melody I never played before.

Brennan: This didn't happen when you put your dad in the ruby, this happened
sometime in between when you handed it to the demons and when you got it back
from coat check.

Siobhan: Can I, I mean, I feel like we should get in the van and get out of
here?

Murph: We also, yeah.

Siobhan: When we're in the van, can I cast Identify on the ruby to see if we
can get a little bit more information on it?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Ally: Do we have a bag of rubies that might be all cursed trapped people?

Brennan: You look at them, there are a lot of other things in there. You see
that one or two of the smaller gems are smoky, but you notice that these are
topazes, emeralds, sapphires, there is only one gem the size and perfectness
of the ruby. It is not, it does not have the smoke curse on it, this sort of
weird shadow thing. It is a bright blue, glowing sapphire.

Murph: Can I investigate to see if any of the shadow stuff has anything to do
with the Shadow Cat?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Investigation, and you're casting Identify.

Siobhan: Yeah, so I'm gonna cast Identify on it.

Lou: Have I ever been to Bastion City?

Murph: Can I give you a help?

Brennan: Probably only with your dad when you were younger.

Lou: Do I know a nicer or more pleasant part of town to be in?

Brennan: You absolutely do.

Fabian: Hey!

Kristen: Are you gonna take us to--

Fabian: Everyone--

Kristen: Five star?

Fabian: I feel like this part of town is not ideal for chit chat and hanging
out. Might we adjourn to--

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a charisma check, just a flat charisma check?

(die rolls)

Lou: Oh, dirty 20.

Brennan: There is a lovely dining establishment with a lively common room that
plays all the various sorts of enchanting music, and there's rooms available
as well. It's called The Swan's Little Parade.

Fabian: Oh, everyone, I have an incredible place for us to go and adjourn to,
it's called The Swan's Little Parade. Oh, they make the most delicious little
finger sandwiches.

Riz: I'm in, Bad Kids, right?

Fig: Oh my God.

Kristen: The Swan's Little Parade!

Emily: As soon as we get there, I'm going to Sleight of Hand to try and put my
speaking stone and change the music.

Murph: Sounds like there's gonna be tapas.

Zac: I'm typing on the speaking, the stone, the crystal, S-W-A-N-S, space,
L-I-T-T-L-E.

Fig: Is anything coming up? You'd think it would auto-fill at this point.
(laughs)

Gorgug: Maybe there's a bunch of Swans Littles.

(laughter)

Fig: It's bringing up one in Missouri? Is that the right one?

Brennan: You see Gilear is swaddled in a blanket in the van, just kind of
staring blankly--

Kristen: We need to send him home, right?

Fig: I know, I know.

Adaine: We need to take him.

Fig: This is my fault. This is my fault, I got Gilear into this, I'll take him
home. He needs a chaperone.

Fabian: No, no. Everyone needs to understand something about the nature of
Gilear, right? Those two ape demons? I was, I stabbed one of 'em, I stabbed
him good, right? And then both of them ran past me, Fabian Aramais Seacaster,
and they went for Gilear. There is something to this man.

Adaine: Gilear, do you know anything about the Nightmare King?

Gilear: The Nightmare King?

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Fig: Gilear, are you the Nightmare King?

Adaine: No!

Emily: Can I do a perception check?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a perception check.

(die rolls)

Murph: The “are you my dad” of this season?

Emily: (laughs) Got it, I got an 18. (laughs) Is Gilear the Nightmare King?

Lou: What if we wrap the whole season right now?

Zac: He turns into a big puppet man, and--

Fig: Are you the Nightmare King? And you have to answer honestly, I'm your
daughter.

Gorgug: Gilear.

Fabian: Gilear, what are you eating? Gilear?

Adaine: Gilear, come on.

Fabian: Gilear, did you find food underneath the couch?

Fig: He always keeps a GoGurt in his pocket.

Gilear: I think when the demon let go of me, and I skidded across the
sidewalk, someone might have left, I don't know, one of those, like a Brazil
nut--

Adaine: No, that's the worst nut!

Fig: Really? It's taken you that long to eat one admittedly large nut?

Gorgug: He is the Nightmare King!

Fig: Gilear, really?

Lou: Don't you all see, there's something about--

Fig: I invested so much in you!

Gilear: I'm gonna be really honest with you guys. I've had a bad day.

Fig: (laughs) You can't say that every day, Gilear!

Riz: If we want to, I know we like talking to Gilear. We can call Gilear, you
know what I mean?

Kristen: Yeah, we can take Gilear home—

Gorgug: There's something special about Gilear!

Fabian: Thank you, Gorgug!

Emily: I agree, I agree, there's--

Murph: I was conscious during the stuff of them capturing me and stuff. Did I,
did it, does it, it would occur to me, Brian Murphy, that these demons just
wanted to kill random people. Can I do any kind of insight check--

Brennan: Give me an insight check.

Murph: Okay. As Riz.

(die rolls)

Emily: Hey man, I think you're right.

Murph: That's a 21.

Lou: It has to be--

Brennan: 21? You think that probably it's Gilear's fault. And what I mean by
that is, his panic and what he did was so strange, by not knowing where and
how to run, and then just ending up crouching, not even behind a sofa, but
just kind of out in the middle of the rug. You believe the barlgura may have
believed he was casting a complex spell. And so they attempted to kill him, as
a result of misreading his physical body language.

Murph: I convey that.

(laughter)

Zac: I kneel to Gilear.

Gorgug: You have my axe.

Siobhan: If we could put Gilear into one of these gems.

Fabian: And my sword.

Fig: And my bass guitar.

Gilear: Here's what's up. And I'm going to, I'm actually gonna, I'm gonna
speak up, I'm gonna say some stuff, all right? I am gonna say some stuff now.

Fabian: What?

Gorgug: Prophecy. Shhh.

Gilear: I'm not the Nightmare King, all right? I'm not the Nightmare King.

Fig: I had to ask, you understand, I had to ask.

Gilear: You didn't. And I,

[laughter from far offcamera]

Gilear: [Brennan laughs] I need to, I'm sorry.

(Emily laughs)

Fabian: Is it the nut, is it the nut you ate, is it coming back up?

Gorgug: The other half of it in the other side--

Riz: This is bullying.

Fig: It's large for a nut, okay?

Riz: I believe it.

Gilear: Nearly 100 percent of people that are punched in the back of the head
by a demon would die. Nearly 100 percent. Your view of the world and how it
works is not your own fault, so wildly warped by your adventuring school, by
what you've learned, by what you've experienced with Goldenhoard, Kalvaxus.

Fig: Or by the fact that you're my dad.

Gilear: I love you so much.

Fig: Aw!

Gilear: I died today. I died. A gorilla monster punched the back of my head so
hard that my brain broke, and then I was dead.

Adaine: And you don't know anything about the Nightmare King.

Gilear: Maybe I did before that gorilla monster punched me.

(laughter)

Gorgug: Gilear, you died, but I see you standing right now.

Fabian: Yes.

Gorgug: Or you're sitting in the back of the van.

Gilear: I'm sitting in the van, swaddled in a blanket, shaking so hard.

Gorgug: But you're standing--

Gilear: I'm physically shaking so hard.

Siobhan: Can I give him Boggy?

Brennan: He takes Boggy and starts crying.

(Emily laughs)

Gilear: [sadly] This frog is very good.

Fig: Okay, I'm--

Gorgug: Those are a hero's tears.

Kristen: No!

Fabian: My mother saw something in him, and it's whatever's special about you.

Fig: Gilear, you have a part yet to play, and this I know. But right now, you
need some R&R.

Emily: And I give him 10,000 gold.

Adaine: No, come on! What are you doing?

(Lou claps)

Fig: Please, go on the vacation that you never thought you'd ever get a chance
to go on.

Adaine: That's like three houses worth of gold!

Fig: Yeah. I want him to go—

Ally: Can we just put him in a ruby and tell him, that's the vacation?

Fig: Stay in a hotel. That he would never stay otherwise.

Ally: Put him in that sapphire!

Riz: What happened to you?

Adaine: Finally listening to reason.

Kristen: Thank you!

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Persuasion check.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: And I'm gonna say the DC is actually gonna be, the DC for this is
actually gonna be 25.

(die rolls)

Emily: I do not get it.

Brennan: What did you get?

Emily: I got a 21.

Brennan: 21.

Lou: Damn!

Brennan: He looks at you and he says,

Gilear: I have lived a life that, when I think about it, it bums me out.

Fig: (whispering) Oh my God.

Gilear: You all are on an adventure, you know magic, you know swordplay. You
have all the tools you need. What you need is somebody who's gonna get you
your coffee when you need it, or perhaps some hours afterwards, if bus stuff
comes up, you need someone to get you food.

Fig: It's who you want to be.

Kristen: We need someone to handle our Instagram account.

Fabian: For the Bad Kids, we're branding now.

Adaine: We do have @theBadKidzz.

Fig: But you know what?

Adaine: With two Z's.

Fig: In the bio, guess whose name comes up last?

(laughter)

Gilear: An incredible dunk on me by my own daughter at my lowest moment.

Fig: No! I— That was to say that you're part of the Bad Kids!

Gilear: Right, I appreciate it, look.

Ally: You have to click read more, and then it says Gilear. (laughs)

(laughter)

Gilear: What I'm saying is this: I don't think I'm gonna be the guy, the guy,
ever in my life. In my own life. But I can help all of you be that, in your
own.

Adaine: Maybe we can get you some kind of amulet of invisibility, or some kind
of armor situation—

Emily: Can I shove the sapphire at him and see if it makes him stronger?

Brennan: You, as you shove the sapphire into the van, Gorgug, you see
something light up on the panel a little bit, like some of your parents’ gears
and stuff kind of light up a little bit.

Gorgug: Hang on, can I see that?

Fig: Yeah. What's mine is yours, I'm the idiot who got us into this.

Gorgug: No, no.

Riz: Actually, yeah, a lot of us got us into it.

Fig: I like that you're agreeing with me.

Brennan: You see that--

Riz: Yeah, why don't, let's do this, but there's some other things that
happened.

Brennan: Gilear looks and says,

Gilear: I'm going to figure some stuff out. I think maybe the goal here is, I
don't go on the dangerous parts.

Gorgug: Gilear, what if we got a big metal box that you could lay down in and—

Brennan: He looks around in the van, and is like,

Gilear: Great.

Gorgug: Okay.

Gilear: Great.

Riz: I also have this brief case that is, it's really big.

Fig: What if we got you, you have a--

Riz: Like a little straw.

(laughter)

Ally: I have Gilear whiplash.

Gilear: I could see myself within a brief case very easily. Yes. (sighs) I've
never felt, I had my head hit so hard that I felt all the bones in my ribcage
come apart.

Fig: Mm-hmm.

Gilear: Just full disjoint. It was the, it didn't even hurt, it was just a
feeling of, oh, I've never experienced anything until this moment, because I'm
being hit so hard.

Gorgug: Hm.

Fig: I'm sorry.

Gilear: Wild.

Kristen: Okay, I know we have a lot of things to do, but do you think, Riz,
you can try to see if a lot of gem stores have been broken into? Is that a
sleuth thing that we can see, like—

Fig: I mean, if you want to--

Zac: I'm gonna jam this crystal into this van.

Fig: If you wanna, fine, yeah, let's do that.

Brennan: Cool. You're casting Identify on it. Do you want to do, try to do
that before this happens, or--

Siobhan: Sure, it's a ritual spell, so it'll take 10 minutes.

Brennan: Okay!

Siobhan: But we're on the way to the dancing little—

Lou: The Little Swan's Parade.

Ally: No, The Swan's Little Parade. The parade is little, not the swans!

(everyone chattering)

Lou: Big swan, tiny parade.

Riz: It's gonna be a big parade once we get there.

Brennan: You guys are now, Sandra Lynn--

Fabian: The Ball.

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn has just sort of been looking at Gilear. She
sort of nods and smiles, she just looks over at Cathilda, you see that Sandra
Lynn's on her crystal, calling in, and you guys see a bunch of Bastion City
squad cars pull up in front of the hotel, and just come in with wands and
magical shit and start to stream into the hotel, basically.

Emily: Is it, they're like, police force?

Brennan: Yeah, it's like Bastion City's people--

Emily: I'll Disguise Self and try and find out if there's been a rash of
robberies.

Riz: I think they're just clearing out the demons, right?

Adaine: Maybe, we don't know whose side they're working on. The police aren't
necessarily good.

Emily: Yeah. I'll just Disguise Self and go in and see what they're saying as
they clean up.

Brennan: Cool, you cast Disguise Self, you head on in.

Emily: I just, I take some yellow tape, and I pretend like I'm doing that.

Brennan: As the--

Zac: Is the couch fully wrapped in yellow tape?

Brennan: You cast Identify. Whoom, (mimics crackling)

Identify Spell: Ah yes. This is another use of the Identify spell.

(Adaine sighs)

Identify Spell: The object held in front of you is a celestial sapphire, a
non-magical gem infused with magical significance by a ritual act, binding the
creature in question inside. This is, rather than a magical item or artifact,
better understood as a material component of the Magic Jar spell.

Adaine: Magic Jar. [sighs]

Emily: Oh.

Adaine: So is there a celestial trapped inside this gem?

Identify Spell: A powerful celestial trapped inside this gem.

Adaine: Is there a way to talk to it without letting it out?

Identify Spell: Certain machinery or arcane devices would enable one to be
able to speak to the being inside.

Riz: Should we put it in the--

Adaine: Put it in the radio.

Gorgug: The tape player?

Brennan: You put it in the tape player, your gnomish, your clunker, rusty
gnomish parents' van swallows the gem and kind of (mimics gulping) puts the
gem. You see that your gas tank which was a little bit, almost like a little
bit lower, the gas tank reader flips to just a glowing, blue, kind of soft,
pulsing light, almost like the power source of the van has changed. And the
radio comes on, (mimics radio static) (mimics angelic singing) and this sort
of soft, angelic music begins to play. You see that, as it sort of starts
playing soft music comes over the radio, and you hear a voice go,

Van: [chill and cheerful voice] Wow! Wow! (laughs) Hello? Knock, knock, knock,
anybody there?

Adaine: Hi.

Gorgug: Hello.

Riz: Hey.

Adaine: Who’s this?

Van: Well gosh, I've been in this gem for such a long time. I got captured by
demons, I think, a long time ago.

Adaine: That's rough.

Van: I was a spirit of the endless sky, towards the late afternoon on a day at
the beach, with your feet in the warm sand, just being chill as hell. You guys
can call me whatever you want, but you know, I'm sorry, I'm rambling on. Where
am I, who are you guys?

Adaine: My name's Teddy Geiger.

(laughter)

Riz: Everyone go easy on the lies, 'cause the thing that attacked me out of
the mirror was a manifestation of lies. So everyone, just relax on the lies.

Adaine: Okay.

Riz: [suddenly] Baron's not real.

Fabian: What?

Adaine: Yeah--

Riz: Believe it or not.

Kristen: Baron from the Baronies was a lie?

Riz: Was a lie.

Gorgug: What are you talking about?

Riz: I'm sorry, Gorgug.

Fabian: So who, what have you been seeing?

Riz: No, no one.

Kristen: I think I need to tell you all that [dramatic pause] I'm gay.

Adaine: Yeah, we know.

Kristen: Oh, okay.

Brennan: Tracker goes,

Tracker: What?

(laughter)

Kristen: I just, you know, I'm not sure, I'm pretty sure most of you figured
it out, but I just—

Fig: [character not canonically present] I literally knock on every door in
the house, 'cause I'm scared you and Tracker are gonna be 69'ing on the other
side.

Kristen: And healing each other's wounds!

Fabian: Tracker healed me perfectly fine and there was no sexual activity.

Kristen: You just didn't see me.

Riz: It just feels like,

(Emily laughs)

Riz: It feels like you all can tell me things, I want you to know that you can
tell me things.

Fabian: Hey, Car. So we're having a kind of moment right now, but we are a
collection of adventurers from the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Van: Awesome.

Adaine: Why are we calling the angel Car?

Brennan: You see—

Fabian: It's what's talking to me is the car.

Brennan: You see that the—

Emily: It said you could call him whatever you wanted.

Gorgug: Well, it's a van.

Fabian: You can name it--

Gorgug: It kind of feels like a Van to me.

Brennan: You see he says,

Van: Am I in a van right now?

Adaine: Yeah.

Riz: That's right, Van.

Emily: Van.

Van: That's, whose van is this?

Gorgug: It's you! But it's mine.

Brennan: You see, you hear the van speak from the radio kind of go,

Van: Dude, I would love to be your van.

Gorgug: I mean, you are.

Brennan: You, outside you hear the Hangman go,

Hangman: What the fuck is going on?

Fabian: Hangman, chill, we're having a weird, I guess, there's gonna be
another possessed vehicle that we have interactions with. But you'll always be
my possessed vehicle.

Hangman: I hate this van!

Kristen: You guys kiss!

Fabian: We don't kiss--

Adaine: No lies, now!

Fabian: I feel like once upon a time you talked in my head, and now out and
everyone can hear it—

Kristen: You walked to the front and you crouched down and you kissed the
Hangman.

Fabian: I've never done that once.

Kristen: Two hands up and you—

Emily: Be careful—

Kristen: That lie's gonna show up—

Fabian: No!

Riz: I said, everyone, relax on the lies. If you've kissed the Hangman even
once, just even an exploratory kiss.

Kristen: Raise your hand!

Gorgug raises his hand.

Kristen: (laughs) What? Gorgug!

Fabian: Gorgug, what were you doing kissing my motorcycle? Not cool.
(laughter) That's like if I kissed your tree.

Gorgug: Yeah, I'd be fine with that. It's just, it's such a cool motorcycle, I
just—

Ally: I'm flipping through your parents' sex binder, to look for people loving
motorcycles.

Gorgug: It’s like a non-sexual, like, you ever kiss a puppy?

Fabian: Van, you're learning a lot about us right off the top.

Van: I hear that. You guys seem like honestly a riot. I'm so psyched. Are you
guys hungry? 'Cause I felt someone punch in a GPS for The Swan's Little
Parade, I'd be happy to head there if you guys want.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: Let's do it!

Emily: Oh yeah, right. Oh right, I wasn't here the whole time.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: You guys, so Fig, you walk over to the police. Go ahead and just give
me a Investigation check.

Emily: Okay. (die rolls) 11.

Brennan: You hear the police talking, you don't hear anything about a rash of
gem robberies, but you do hear about a lot of unsolved cases at the Hotel
Cavalier, and this is a long time coming. So it seems like you guys have done
a good thing by springing the cork on this hotel, basically.

Ally: Oh, and we have that book—

Emily: I see them starting to, yeah. Actually that's a good call, is there
anything else that looks, is there anything else in the coat room, maybe the
coat that the gem was in?

Brennan: You guys grabbed the good stuff, here. I mean, you got that bag of
gems and you got the guest book, so you guys kind of have the big score items.

Emily: I'll see my friends leaving, I'll just announce to the room.

Fig: Ah, fellas, I'm gonna clock out early.

(laughter)

Ally: I feel like actually cops are so close knit, like they know everyone in
all the other cities.

Brennan: Give me a Deception check, if you would be so kind.

Murph: Insane, Fig! A cop, clocking out early!

Emily: Everytime I pretend to be someone else, I—

(die rolls)

Siobhan: Be exposed as a demon.

Emily: (laughs) Nat 20!

(laughter)

Ally: What!

Brennan looks utterly defeated for a moment.

Emily: So 31!

Brennan: You see one of the cops come, the chief comes over to you, looking
extremely stern, and goes,

Chief: Decker, I'm glad you're taking some time off, after what you've been
through, everything that's happened.

Fig: Yeah. I've gotta be honest.

(laughter)

Lou: Make it a kiss?

Fig: The temptation to, you know, work myself to the bone is always there.

Chief: Goddamn it, Decker, look. You're the best detective we've got.

Fig: Yeah?

Chief: Your clearance rate, it's out of this world. But solving a case doesn't
solve what's happening [points to heart] in here.

Fig: I'm the best detective you've ever had, but what about the best
girlfriend?

Brennan: He leans in for a kiss.

Emily: I get my kisses in— and then I run away.

Ally: He's like a 45 year old man!

Lou: She gets her kisses in!

Emily: Get my kisses in!

Lou: Game respect game.

Emily: I use my skateboard to dash away.

Chief: When did you start skateboarding!

(laughter)

Ally: [laughing] A cop gets on a skateboard!

Brennan: You guys see a full middle-aged detective skateboard down!

Murph: Makes out with the chief of police after saying they're going to clock
out early. And then rides off on a skateboard!

Zac: Yellow tape just waving behind.

Emily: Yeah, I think I have some stuck to my foot like it's toilet paper.

Ally: Oh my gosh.

Brennan: Everyone piles into the van.

Lou: I ride the—

Brennan: You ride the Hangman. You see the Hangman says,

Hangman: Sire, I must find a way to destroy this van.

Fabian: Hangman, you're going to have to share the spotlight, all right?
You've had your moment in the sun, right? You're still important to me.

Brennan: You see that he says,

Hangman: (growls) Right. The van.

Brennan: You guys are going along, the van is just playing some chill music,
and goes,

Van: Awesome, totally, totally cool.

Brennan: So you kept, so the identify spell continues. Basically again, like,
these gems, including this gem, the thing that they said at the beginning, the
devil's heart was not magical was accurate, but they're just, in the same way
that you need a 300 gold piece diamond—

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: These are rare gems to do very powerful spells with, right? But you
see the van sort of trundles along and says,

Van: I feel awful, like I should apologize to that motorcycle. I feel like
he's super greased at me.

Adaine: No, he's just very judgmental. He'll, you'll just, don't worry about
it.

Gorgug: He's got a lot of walls up.

Adaine: He's a lot of bark and no bite.

Riz: Here's the thing, Van. If you just hang around, and say that you're their
best friend, eventually you become best friends.

Van: Here's the thing, hanging around, 'cause I know that that guy's the
Hangman, but I'm all about the hang, man.

(Murph laughs loudly)

Murph: Riz laughs way too loud.

Adaine: Teach me how to be this chill, it seems really pleasant.

Van: Yeah, just think about like, I don't know, think about a leaf pile, and
it's like, oh man, this sweater fits great. Or think about, I don't know, just
like, it's like a cool swimming pool, and you're tired, and you've been
hanging out, and then you're just, you're laying back, and your bud's making a
fire, and it's like, oh, we're gonna do a bonfire tonight? Yeah!

Adaine: Wow, okay.

Van: You know? You guys want to listen to some music?

Adaine: None of those things seem particularly—

Ally: Kristen is fine, but--

Gorgug: I think we should have a conversation.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah.

Adaine: We should look, let's us two look at this book together.

Murph: Yeah also, do I see the tabaxi in the picture?

Brennan: You do.

Murph: Okay. So I think I go over, 'cause I saw Kristen showing the picture to
the ghost, so I think I go over to the picture, and I'm like, all right, we
need to, I guess, figure out if, I saw some kind of shadow person moving
through the room when I was about to be sacrificed, so maybe it's the same
cat—

Emily: Did I see them? I did see them, right?

Brennan: You didn't see them.

Emily: I didn't see that.

Ally: Oh, okay.

Fig: Riz, don’t start with more lies—

Adaine: Did you have a nightmare?

Riz: I… No.

Gorgug: But you didn't go to sleep.

Kristen: I don’t think you slept.

Riz: I didn't go to sleep.

Kristen: We all had really crazy nightmares.

Adaine: Even me, and I don't sleep either.

Fig: I mean, I didn't really have a nightmare, it was kind of like a bad
dream, but an alluring dream.

Riz: But none of you can see who's in the picture?

Kristen: We don't see anyone.

Gorgug: But we found out from Sandra Lynn and your mom that that was your
dad's partner.

Fig: Do I, oh, I didn't see in the picture, right.

Riz: Huh.

Gorgug: Is that the Shadow Cat?

Murph: Can I do an investigate, so I saw, I saw somebody--

Fig: If you've met them, it casts an illusion on it?

Kristen: We were wondering that.

Murph: Yeah, this is, so this is a cat person, we know that there's a Shadow
Cat, I saw a shadowy figure disappear, can I deduce that I perhaps saw this
person—

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Downstairs, this is who I saw?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Ally: Oh, it was the same one from this photo that none of us can see?

Brennan: Well, dressed the same, and you could only see the eyes, but the eyes
looked slitted like a cat's eyes.

Riz: This person was down there when I was about to be sacrificed.

Fig: Where did they go?

Riz: And disappeared into the shadows.

Kristen: Can they be in any shadow, can we try to figure out how that works?

Adaine: I think I, I didn't see her, but I saw one of the demons looking where
she was, and I tried to stab her with your sword, but she had moved, which I
don't know, maybe means that she already moved, or maybe I, she's immune to
something, or she's invisible or can't be stabbed, or--

Fig: So she's still there?

Adaine: There's a lot of reasons that it couldn't have happened. But maybe, I
don't know.

Fig: If she's still there, we should go back.

Riz: I don't think we're going to be able to find her until she comes looking
for us or to cause more trouble. Also, moron, lies, mani—

Fig: Is she the one who did this to me?

Riz: I don't know. When I had, when I was captured, a [laughs nervously]
little skeleton named Baron, formed of my lies, who could only refer to things
that I had lied about, appeared and came out of the mirror and grabbed me and
pulled me in. So I think—

Gorgug: I tried to touch the mirror.

Riz: Yeah. I shot the mirror, so that was a bad move. So in the future, let's
not attack mirrors.

Adaine: Yeah, it's seven years of bad luck.

Riz: Yeah. But, [shaky] oh no! But yeah, so maybe be careful with lying,
'cause it seems like the Nightmare King can make monsters based on lies.

Adaine: Van, I should tell you that my name isn't Teddy Geiger.

Van: What?

Adaine: Yeah. Sorry, I was lying.

Van: I forgive you.

Adaine: Thank you!

Van: You got it.

Adaine: You're cool.

Van: Hey!

Kristen: Okay. So we're going to The Swan's Little Parade. (laughs)

Brennan: You guys arrive at The Swan's Little Parade.

Kristen: What do we do, what's the plan? Do we keep going, we were going to
try to go find Aelwyn.

Adaine: I was gonna get some egg sandwiches and maybe some tea.

Kristen: At The Swan's Little Parade?

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: I mean, big picture.

Gorgug: I think we have to, we have some clues to unpack a little bit, if we
could sit down and look at this book.

Fig: I don't feel safe to be around you guys. Last night, I don't know what
happened, I don't know how it happened, but I put my dad in a gem, I put my—

Kristen: A cursed one.

Fig: Pulled Gilear into a trap that apparently was designed to destroy him. I
mean, I am just a, I don't know what to do.

Adaine: Tie ourselves down--

Riz: Yeah, if we all stay together, yeah, we need to guard each other, make
sure this doesn't happen again.

Brennan: Tracker speaks up and says,

Tracker: There's stuff we can do to ward against this.

Fig: Okay.

Kristen: What do you mean?

Brennan: Tracker looks at you and says,

Tracker: I can ask the Goddess of the Moon, I think there's stuff we can,
look. Weird possessing spirits and stuff like that—

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Tracker: I don't know, it depends on how paranoid you want to be. But look,
let's go into The Swan's Little Parade. 'Cause I'm super hungry. But we can
talk about this.

Kristen: I want the smallest egg salad sandwich, no crust.

Fabian: Oh, you're going to get it.

Riz: I saw the pictures, they're all really small.

Fabian: Teeny tiny!

[classical music]

Brennan: [overblown posh accent] The Swan's Little Parade [normal voice] is a
chamber filled, there's tuxedos and swallow-tailed coats on the wait staff.

Kristen: Oh whoa.

Fabian: I'm home!

Brennan: The sign says The Swan's Little Parade, and you see that there's a
swan with a parade major's tall hat that has a little baton in its wing, and
it's marching through a little parade.

Ally: I love it, I love that. (laughs)

Brennan: You see the maitre'd says,

Maitre’d: (French accent) Oh, welcome to The Swan's Little Parade, I'd be
happy to seat you. Our menu is a secret, and it costs 20 gold pieces.

Fabian: Fantastic, we'll have, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight,
nine, can I have 10?

Gorgug: To look on to your menu?

Adaine: Yeah, do we have to buy the menu to order off of it? Or can we buy one
menu—

Maitre’d: [confused] I'm sorry, we don't repeat menus for the two different
customers.

Adaine: Fantastic, we'll have, everybody will get a menu.

Kristen: Okay.

Fig: I don’t care. Take my money.

Maitre’d: Okay, very good. Welcome to The Swan's Little Parade.

Brennan: You guys take a seat, Sandra Lynn, Gilear, Ragh, Cathilda, Tracker
are all here. Tracker looks sort of deep in thought as she's thinking about
what she can possibly do to help. Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: All right, gang. Well, we got,

Brennan: And you see she gives you a kiss, and she tussles your hair, she's
like—

Fig: [emo] Stay away from me, Mom.

Sandra Lynn: You're, okay.

(laughter)

Sandra Lynn: Gang, as your hirelings, we're happy that the first combat went
down seemingly okay, seems like we're on the right track somewhat. What's the
game from here on out? Where do we go from here?

Murph: I guess, can I call my mom and ask her about Shadow Cat?

Brennan: Sure, you can give your mom a call. She answers right away.

Sklonda: [urgently] Riz, Riz, I've been calling you!

Riz: Hi, Mom, I'm okay.

Sklonda: Oh, thank God!

Riz: My friends found me just a little, you know, it actually went, I'm not
lying anymore, it was a huge mix-up, I got captured by a monster that came for
me through a mirror.

Fig: Tell her who really captured you, you got captured—

Riz: I got captured by a little monster--

Fig: And then I tried to kill him, hi, Sklonda.

(laughter)

Sklonda: Hi Fig, are you safe too?

Fig: Ugh.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Give me the--

Fig: What's safe, really?

Brennan: She says,

Sandra Lynn: Hi, Sklonda, yes. Everyone's safe, we went and found them, demon
sacrifice that you… Yeah, exactly. [laughs] That's so funny! Okay. Good, yeah,
yeah. Here's Riz.

Riz: Mom, so the Shadow Cat person that worked with dad, do you, does she—

Sklonda: Oh, Shadow Cat? Well, her name's Kalina.

Riz: Kalina. And… Do you, is there any reason she would want to sacrifice me?
'Cause she was there, at, when I was about to be sacrificed to some demons.

Sklonda: Sweetie, I had very rare occasion to talk to Kalina. [concerned]
Wait, she was there?

Riz: I saw her slipping through the shadows.

Sklonda: Was she trying to help you?

Riz: She certainly didn't seem like she was.

Sklonda: She attacked you?

Riz: No.

Sklonda: Huh, okay. Well look, your, I haven't seen Kalina, sweetie, since
your father passed. She, I know she didn't attend his funeral. She was only
around you, I think, a handful of times when you were a baby. You know, she
didn't work with Pok all the time, she only worked with him on missions where
it had to do with Fallinel and Solace working in tandem.

Riz: Did she have powers that she could turn into shadow?

Sklonda: Oh, she's one of the best. I mean, she's completely, she can be
completely invisible. She had ways of getting around words and abjurations.
She was almost impossible to scry on. I mean, truly nearly impossible to scry
on.

Riz: Right. (sighs) Okay, and you haven't seen her in a long time?

Sklonda: I mean, no, not for 12 years, almost. More, maybe.

Riz: Do you remember the last time, was it anything significant or just--

Adaine: Was she on the ship that your dad and the Oracle sank on?

Sklonda: Oh. He was reaching out to her about some stuff related to that ship.
He reached out and made contact, but we, I never saw her again.

Riz: Okay. Okay, thanks, Mom.

Sklonda: All right, I love you, sweetie. Have fun on your adventure, don't get
captured again, okay?

Riz: Okay, I'll try not to.

Sklonda: All right.

Fig: She could just not be, she could not be doing some, she could not be an
illusion, she could just be so good at getting away, being undetected that
literally—

Riz: She also didn't, my mom's right, she didn't attack me, but that certainly
wasn't being super—

Adaine: But she was having some kind of communication that seemed like--

Riz: Right.

Adaine: With the devil. The demon.

Riz: Yeah, so, seems 90 percent chance bad.

Ally: Can I roll just a paranoia check to see if she's in this van with us?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Murph: [laughs] A paranoia check?

Ally: What do I add to that?

Brennan: I don't know, you made it up, you tell me-- (laughter) I gotta make
up what the roll is.

Emily: I think, you're a pretty—

Brennan: We'll call that just a straight Wisdom check.

Ally: Okay. Cool, that's 13.

Brennan: 13, cool. You don't see the Shadow Cat, Kalina, in The Swan's Little
Parade.

Siobhan: Can I look for the name Kalina in this book?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely. Thorough investigation, you do not find it anywhere.

Siobhan: Okay, is there anybody that I do recognize in this book?

Brennan: Yes, but I will say that probably you would need the full night to go
through it to that extent.

Murph: Yeah, I'll help with that.

Emily: Yeah, I'd also like to help with that.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check on Ragh?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: Does he seem weird at all?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Zac: 15.

Brennan: You see Ragh looking at the photo that Riz is holding. His dad's
photo.

Gorgug: Ragh, can you see the person in that picture that's not his dad?

Brennan: Everyone give me an Insight check.

Murph: (whispers) Fuck! (speaking normally) 16.

Siobhan: 15.

Emily: 16 as well.

Zac: 16 as well.

Ally: 12.

Brennan: Anyone that got, who got above a 15? Cool. Ragh looks up at you and
looks terrified. He's trying to hold it in, but he's terrified.

Murph: Buddy--

Siobhan: I give him Boggy. Take him from Gilear and give it to Ragh.

Ragh: [strained] Thanks.

Gorgug: What's, what's going on?

Ragh: Nothin'.

Gorgug: You seem really scared.

Fig: Hey, what did we just talk about last?

Riz: Yeah, what kind of doin’ the no lie thing—

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: Once they appear in the mirror and kill you. You know, try to.

Brennan: Ragh looks over at Tracker. Tracker looks up and says,

Tracker: Why don't I work on a way to keep us magically safe, and then Ragh
can tell us how he's feeling after we do that.

Adaine: Great idea.

Gorgug: Awesome.

Adaine: And until then, I will give you a magical spoon!

Sioban: And I take one of the teaspoons, and just--

Brennan: Prestidigitate, yeah.

Siobhan: Prestidigitate, make it shiny and--

Fig: Oh, that's just—

Adaine: Just to make you feel better!

Emily: I'll Prestidigitate a little swan and a big parade.

(laughter)

Ally: I Prestidigitate “a straight guy, first time blowjob” porn.

(laughter)

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: [whispering] Kristen! Kristen, we're in a restaurant!

Adaine: You’re so sexual.

Kristen: This is for Ragh, Ragh's not doing well!

Brennan: You see, so Ragh takes it very much to heart. Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Well, Tracker can take care of Ragh when we get to the bottom of
that. We need to think about what we're going to do next.

Kristen: Right.

Sandra Lynn: 'Cause the plan's still to get to Fallinel? That's our lead for
the Nightmare King, right?

Fig: Yeah, I thought we were going to get Aelwyn.

Kristen: Yeah.

Sandra Lynn: Cool.

Fabian: But has the information we have now changed that?

Adaine: Maybe the Shadow Cat, I would like for us to, my instinct is that we
find a place to take a rest here, and during that time, Riz and I can look
over this book and see if there's any more information there, and if we don't
find any more information—

Fig: I also might know some people, though. There's gotta be, it's—

Adaine: Then we can head towards Fallinel.

Fig: Yeah, if these people are demons--

Kristen: Yeah, maybe you would know some of 'em?

Fig: Yeah.

Ally: Does Tracker have an idea of whether we should stay here or move?

Brennan: Tracker looks around and says,

Tracker: The thing I'm thinking of, it might be better if we somehow all sleep
in like a pile.

Adaine: I mean--

Kristen: Babe! (laughs)

Fabian: There are rooms here that, I believe there are rooms here.

Kristen: No, no, let's pile, let's pile.

Fabian: No, we'll get one room, and we can, we'll get a suite or something.

Brennan: She nods, Ragh's over, nods at her. Sandra Lynn nods back at you guys
and says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay, so we'll all go see about some rooms here. And then
tomorrow we'll—

Brennan: Gilear stands up and says,

Gilear: I will see about rooms here.

Adaine: Gilear, thank you so much.

Kristen: Thank you!

Riz: Thank you, Gilear.

Fig: You know what?

Adaine: Appreciate you.

Emily: I rip the intern lanyard off his neck, and then I reach into the,

Fig: [to Adaine] May I?

Brennan: His, as you pull his head, slams into the table, and he goes, “Oh!”
And falls backwards out of his chair.

Emily: Okay, wait, wait, wait, this is going, somewhere good. I reach into the
Coat of Many Things and pull out a Tour Manager lanyard.

Adaine: Oh my goodness.

Emily: And knight him.

Brennan: From the floor, he looks up and goes--

Adaine: So beautiful.

Gilear: Just a quick heads up in the future, when you take stuff around my
neck and just yank it hard— [sighs]

(Emily laughs)

Fig: I'm so sorry. Honestly, it was a really strong lanyard.

Gilear: Does the tour manager position come with any sort of salary?

Fabian: Sure.

Adaine: 10 gold pieces a day.

Kristen: That's a lot.

Gorgug: And minus the 300 we had to spend, too.

Gilear: I will begin to work off my debt at once.

Fig: (laughs) I said I would pay for his resurrection!

Brennan: You see Gilear walks up. Ragh, Tracker's rubbing small circles on
Ragh's back, as Gilear walks over to Sandra Lynn, and she's holding her face.
Gorgug, your crystal, blip blip.

Gorgug takes out his crystal.

Brennan: As huge courses of stuff comes out, ahh, and you see that all of the
servers do like a little sort of dance as they come out, in like a line.

Murph: Trying to get through this.

Ally: Where's that cute swan?

Lou: I love this place.

(laughter)

Ally: I love it too!

Brennan: You look at your crystal, and there's a text from Zelda.

Zac: Oh! I try to read it.

Brennan: The question is,

Zelda: Did you leave without saying goodbye?

Zac: Oh shoot!

Brennan: That's all for this week on Dimension 20 Live! Tune in next week for
the next exciting chapter! (laughs)

Ally: You’re single!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode
4](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTaWQmBPKfwnoDmCPcK4kGwAUbBp7OLZ9sDVQq-
VMEXU2oah9rvcMGfFA7ipZCPMJW3uB9TCjfnBnrg/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650512823535&usg=AOvVaw0bu0xagYSfIQ851xiUB17P)[:](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTaWQmBPKfwnoDmCPcK4kGwAUbBp7OLZ9sDVQq-
VMEXU2oah9rvcMGfFA7ipZCPMJW3uB9TCjfnBnrg/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650512823987&usg=AOvVaw2YQWQvOVaHEQ441BiS4MZr)[
Heartache on the Celestine
Sea](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTaWQmBPKfwnoDmCPcK4kGwAUbBp7OLZ9sDVQq-
VMEXU2oah9rvcMGfFA7ipZCPMJW3uB9TCjfnBnrg/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650512824238&usg=AOvVaw1RH_rKGTM7y-ImIkUf6RKs)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: starboysisko, tevildo

Edited by: starboysisko, gluegunshots, tevildo, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoy456n77T38R8kRvn_to1YcoU8Q04bIxIkLOP0Zi9fhqlKIFGIQQ8rIlzK3uTeoYKw7k8hufT4qy6WkTgY:0)

Episode 4: Heartache On the Celestine Sea

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 4: Heartache on the Celestine Sea

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRmzdO5IU1L_QoeGrh_SVZhrKt9v4LMchphzNd9-MgDS1JP7ZmAVRwMyjPR_2rDXBM1gMYdNOrU_tNz/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650516453878&usg=AOvVaw3jacyLwSm8-0PJkaPZt3VX)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vS6Lnn_F26Z7fbaF-
oJuDSEZidMceatsKv6UQE7PHEtWRmbhOISSPWM90zDqYQqTIBe1tV2Ekfa2OVc/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650516454459&usg=AOvVaw0xWLeik0Mj0QPQr38vEYnc)]
>

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live presents Fantasy High:
Sophomore Year. I'm your humble Dungeon Master, Brennan Lee Mulligan, with me
as always are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh gosh, it's so lovely to have you back! This is Dropout's weekly
game of D&D. We're here, continuing the story of the Bad Kids, a group of
adventurers from the Aguefort Adventuring Academy in the town of Elmville, a
kind of modern, 1980s-esque teen group that goes out into the world of Spyre,
beyond the borders of Solace on wild adventures. For their Spring Break, and
60 percent of their sophomore year grade, the Bad Kids have been sent out to
retrieve the Crown of the Nightmare King.

[classical music plays]

Brennan: They find themselves outside the Hotel, sorry, inside a fancy
restaurant in Bastion City called The Swan's Little Parade. And as they are
here in The Swan's Little Parade, they've just dealt with the recovery of
their captured friends, Riz and Fig, who they got back from the clutch of some
demons. You guys stole a guestbook, you guys got your friends back, you made
out with the chief of police, disguised--

Emily: By the way, did I get a name?

Brennan: Can you give me a quick intelligence check to see if you spotted his
name?

Emily: Anyone want to give me a help action?

Murph: Sure.

Emily: Yes, yes! Did you say intelligence?

Brennan: Intelligence, yes.

Emily: 15!

Brennan: Police Commissioner Runce Buggins.

(laughter)

Emily: Wow.

Siobhan: That's so hot.

Emily: Commissioner Buggins.

Ally: You always know how to pick 'em.

Brennan: You certainly do. However, we're not there now, we're actually over
at The Swan's Little Parade. And The Swan's Little Parade is an extremely
fancy, well-to-do dining establishment, the wait staff dance out with various
foie gras and lovely little caviars. And we see that, here at the dining
table, you know, Gilear is recovering from his, I would say near death
experience, but it's actually just a full death experience.

(laughter)

Zac: Coming back to life.

Brennan: And coming back to life. We also discovered that Ragh Barkrock is
terrified and sees something in the photograph. Tracker has offered to do some
kind of magic to hopefully help him and prevent whatever weird situation would
occur here. And we also just received a text message, Gorgug, on his phone.

[Zac sighs]

Brennan: From Zelda Donovan, his girlfriend, asking if he left Elmville
without saying goodbye.

Gorgug: (sighs) I'm in the doghouse.

(laughter)

[barks]

Fig: You know, Gorgug, do you know what I think will get you out of the
doghouse?

Gorgug: What?

Fig: If we write her a really good song.

Gorgug: (sighs) I don't, I, I probably should--

Kristen: Don't talk to her until you finish the song.

Gorgug: \--talk to--

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah, don't text her back--

Fig: Don’t respond.

Kristen: Spend a lot of time on the song and make it perfect.

Gorgug: Shouldn't I just--

Fig: Turn off your read receipts.

Gorgug: Reach out?

Kristen: No.

Gorgug: Read receipts are off. No, no, no, no.

Ally: What is he, a dealer?

(laughter)

Zac: I think Gorgug, I like that idea, is just going to call Zelda.

Brennan: Just at the table?

Zac: Yeah.

(laughter)

Lou: Good, this is the way we should do things.

Zac: I don't want to ask everyone to move, it's a booth, right?

Brennan: No, you're, there's no booths here. It's lovely like little banquet
tables, there's--

Riz: It’s super loud here, Gorgug.

(laughter)

Gorgug: Can everyone be quiet for a second?

Brennan: You see as you do that, the maître d' just appears next to you as the
phone starts ringing and says,

Maître d': [French accent] [mild tone] Monsieur, if you can destroy your
phone?

Gorgug: Destroy it?

Emily: Can I cast Suggestion on him? (laughs) To allow this to happen?
(laughs)

Brennan: What does, what does Fig say?

Murph: If we get killed by the staff of The Swan's Little Parade--

Lou: If we have to fight--

Zac: Total party kill.

Emily: I suggest, okay,

Fig: Phones are allowed now. (laughs)

Brennan: He looks at you, you have never felt a spell of yours more powerfully
rebuffed before.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: He says,

Maître d': Excuse me, please. Also do not cast a spell on me. The phone, you
cannot make a call at the table--

Fabian: Monsieur, I'm sorry. These people are commoners, poor folk, who've
just recently come into wealth. They're not accustomed to our--

Fig: I'm actually super loaded.

Fabian: Well you're super loaded now, all right? But you haven't been super
loaded for as long as some of us have.

Maître d': It is all right, we would like to brush the gentleman just to make
sure everything is alright.

Fabian: Brush him?

Maître d': Just brush him.

Fabian: But of course. They're going to brush you.

Brennan: About five waiters come over

Zac: To me? They’re dusting me?

Brennan: With small, white feather dusters and just kind of--

Kristen: Is this a rich thing?

Fabian: This is a thing, yes, this is very much a rich thing.

[swishing]

Gorgug: Am I, do I, I haven't heard anything about looking dirty. Do I look
dirtier than-

Maître d': [whilst brushing Gorgug] You made a phone call in the restaurant,
so we just want to brush you to be sure.

Fig: To make sure, for fingerprints?

Maître d': Exactly.

Gorgug: For fingerprints?

Maître d': No, I mean, I did not hear what you said, what?

Fig: For fingerprints?

Maître d': No.

[swishing]

Adaine: Just step outside.

Gorgug: Should I go outside, is that okay?

Adaine: Do you have a phone area?

Maître d': Oui, we have an area. It is downtown, it is but a--

Gorgug: Different place?

Maître d': Five minute drive, and just to make sure.

Adaine: [to Gorgug] Just go outside.

Gorgug: Okay. I will leave.

Kristen: My parents always made a big deal of stressing that we were upper
middle class, and I feel like that was a lie, for a long time.

(Emily laughs)

Gorgug: Sometimes.

Kristen: We'd eat hot dogs with cheese in 'em when it was my birthday.

Adaine: Yeah, no, no, you were working class.

Fabian: That's pretty far, that's--

Kristen: I've never seen a brush like that before. Now, that's all I want to
buy.

Adaine: No--

Kristen: Can you brush yourself?

Adaine: You don't buy it, you just have to inherit it. That's...

Maître d': I'm so sorry, you mentioned that you have never seen one of these
brushes before?

Kristen: No, but I--

Maître d': If it's all right, we would just like to brush--

Kristen: What?!

Gorgug: Run, they're going to brush you!

(laughter)

Kristen: I love it!

Fabian: Embrace the brushing!

Kristen: I love it, this is--

Fabian: This is one of the best things about money.

Fig: At this point, my curiosity is piqued. Please brush me.

(laughter)

Maître d': You are asking to be brushed?

Adaine: Please brush my friend.

(Lou laughs)

Maître d': (sighs) I'm afraid we are going to need to hose you down.

Ally: (laughs) Oh my God!

Maître d': Nothing that has happened, we don't do it in the restaurant you're
going to have to come in back of the kitchen--

Kristen: Oh my gosh, it's like in prison!

Fig: You know what? After everything that happened, I do feel dirty. So yeah,
let's go do this.

Brennan: You see that Gilear looks and says,

Gilear: I was a diplomat for the elven people for some time. This is a level
of wealth that--

Adaine: Is that true?

Kristen: Hey yeah, Gilear, I've always wanted to know more about your past.

Adaine: You were a diplomat?

Gilear: Yeah, I mentioned it before. Yes, I was, I worked, remember when I was
applying for the guidance counselor position that ended up going to--

Fig: Jawbone.

Gilear: Jawbone.

Kristen: You were gonna be a guidance counselor?

Fig: I was trying to get him hooked up with the guidance counselor job.

Fabian: Those were the two jobs, yeah.

Fig: But then, in a twist of fate, possibly it shows you how life knows
better, you became the-- (laughs)

Kristen: [loudly] You were the Lunch Lad?

Adaine: And then the Vice Principal!

Gorgug: Who did you think-- Kristen, where were you?

Kristen: What? I thought you looked familiar, that's why I was so glad you
were our intern.

Gorgug: You just, you thought you didn't know him at all--

Riz: This does not represent how any of us--

Kristen: I really thought, that's crazy. You know, I want to get to know you
more, man.

Gilear: We have spent an amount of time, I mean, a truly tremendous amount of
time--

Emily: Gilear--

Murph: Riz takes a lap around the building, just. (laughs)

Emily: Can I palm some money to someone to brush down Gilear?

Murph: What is everyone doing?

Zac: I'm outside.

Brennan: You're outside. Gorgug, you are outside by yourself. (laughter) You,
as you go outside, you basically, you know. The phone starts ringing. As it
does... Rings once.

[Lou exhales]

Brennan: Twice. Three times.

Zac: I hope she picks up.

Brennan: Fourth time--

Zac: And then she picks up?

Zelda: Hi, this is Zelda Donovan.

Gorgug: Hey, Zel-

Zelda: Thanks so much for giving me a call.

Lou: Ooh!

Zelda: This is a message. All you have to do is leave your name and number,
and I'll get back to you as soon as I can. Thanks so much.

Brennan: Beep!

[sad ambient music plays]

Gorgug: (laughs) Hey, Zelda! It's me, Gorgug. I was just calling because I
freakin' messed up. And there's a lot going on, Fig and Riz got kind of taken
or something, and we had to leave town real fast, but that's not really a good
excuse and, but yeah, I'm gone. We're in, we're out of town, in what's it
called--

Brennan: [quietly] Bastion City.

Gorgug: We're in Bastion City. Call me back when you can or I'll try later.
I'm really sorry. Bye. Goodbye. I hope you have a good day, goodbye.

(laughter)

Brennan: Nailed it, dude.

Ally: It's definitely night time.

Gorgug: [quietly] Fuck, good night!

Brennan: Oh, does Gorgug immediately come back in, or no?

Zac: (sighs) What's around here? (laughs)

Brennan: Sort of an empty street. You notice fancy little restaurants, it's a
very upscale kind of neighborhood. There's a few little restaurants around,
but you know, 'cause it also seems sort of like fancy, sort of townhouses and
things like that in Bastion City.

Zac: Maybe Gorgug just goes a little bit on a walk, just to clear his head, to
see if he, it feels like, I think he thinks he wants to call her again, but
that seems crazy as well. So he's just like, just walking.

[Lou sighs deeply]

Brennan: You go on a little walk around the corner.

(Zac laughs)

Lou: It's too real. (laughter) I feel like I've been in this position.

(laughter)

Ally: Are you crying?

Lou: [wipes his eyes] A little bit! Stop!

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: I think if, I think if I see Gorgug walk away just 'cause people have
been captured recently, I might sneak out and just kind of watch him from a
distance.

Emily: I was going to say that I would like to maybe send, leave a note at the
police station, so I might have also been crawling about.

Brennan: Okay. You go take a look at the police station.

Emily: Oh, but I don't want to, I'm just saying I might be sneaking out while
Gorgug--

Brennan: While Gorgug is there. Cool. Each of, go ahead and give me a stealth
roll real quick.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: Okay. I'm gonna need a perception from Riz and Fig.

Murph: Yikes.

Emily: Oh, I see.

Lou: Is there a roll to order more foie gras?

Brennan: For you, Mr. Seacaster, there are no roll to order more foie gras.

Murph: 10, I can't see him.

Emily: 7.

Brennan: 7\. I'm gonna roll back here as well real quick. Okay. Gorgug, you
head off on your own. So you guys finish eating here. As the meal's sort of
wrapping up, you see Sandra Lynn looks around a little while. [to Emily] You
leave to go to the police station?

Emily: Actually I'll probably wait 'til we go to bed.

Brennan: Okay, cool. So as you guys are hanging out here, you know, right
after Gorgug kind of goes for a walk, Sandra Lynn looks up and says,

Sandra Lynn: All right, well, we'll have whatever Tracker's going to do
tonight, but what's the plan after that, gang?

Fig: Jailbreak, right?

Riz: Yeah. Well, not necessarily a jailbreak. We should talk to her. She’s--

Adaine: Why do, why is it we think that she specifically will have
information?

Fig: I think--

Adaine: We know that this thing's in Fallinel, and that we know that the
Shadow Cat was an agent of Fallinel. Why does that mean Aelwyn? I don't see
how Aelwyn is in any way connected to any of this.

Riz: I think your family might be involved.

Adaine: Well, I would rather talk to my parents than to--

Riz: Do you know where they are?

Adaine: No!

Riz: So...

Fabian: I feel like The Ball's making a great point right here.

Riz: Well, I'm saying no jailbreak. I'm saying we speak to her.

Adaine: Why don't we look in this hotel book--

Riz: Okay.

Adaine: And see what's going on there.

Brennan: Great, give me a, anyone that wants to check that out, give me an
investigation check.

Siobhan: Can I have Boggy give me an--

Brennan: Yes, absolutely!

Murph: Does anyone want to help me? I have good investigation.

Ally: Yeah, yeah, I'll help you.

Murph: Okay, sweet, thank you.

Lou: 18.

Adaine: Hell yeah, I got a 25.

Brennan: 25.

Murph: I got a 27.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: Damn, I thought I was going to contribute. I thought I would help.

Siobhan: You helped us really effectively while--

Lou: Thank you, everyone.

Emily: Hit me with the contribute!

Brennan: Fabian, I'm gonna say that an 18 has to do--

Lou: Oh hell yes!

Brennan: I'm gonna say an 18 has to do with the fact that, as you're going
along, you guys are moseying in the sort of registry that you guys have stolen
from the Hotel Cavalier, you have to go months and months and months back. You
see your father's signature.

Fabian: Oh! My papa stayed here.

Brennan: Not only do you see that, as you guys go and look back, Bill
Seacaster's signature is here in the hotel book several times.

Fabian: Wow! Look at that, my papa.

Riz: It's not good, Fabian.

Fabian: What, I mean, (stammers) what do you mean? I mean, it's not bad.

Ally: Where did he stay?

Fig: It is sort of a den of criminals, and Mr. Seacaster--

Emily: (laughter) Have we ever said Mr. Seacaster?

Lou: I don't think, that feels like, that really felt new and weird.

Ally: Professor Seacaster was a criminal.

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: Mr. Seacaster was a criminal. Are there, is there any name in
conjunction with, are we seeing it in tandem with another name?

Brennan: As you look for that, that specific question, literally that specific
question, there is a name that appears in the room prior to his stay for every
one of his stays.

Siobhan: Dang.

Brennan: And that name is Garthy O'Brien. Garthy is spelled G-A-R-T-H-Y.

Ally: That's real.

Brennan: Garthy O'Brien.

Emily: Can I Google Garthy O'Brien?

Lou: Do I have any knowledge of this person familiar-wise?

Brennan: Roll a charisma, like, roll a, umm. Yeah, roll flat charisma with
advantage.

Lou: That's gonna be 15.

Brennan: Garthy O'Brien will not probably be findable on a Solisian search
engine, because Garthy O'Brien is not Solisian. You know that they live out on
the wide, open sea. This is another pirate.

Emily: Oh.

Siobhan: But we're in a sea port, right?

Brennan: You are.

Fig: Cathilda, have you met Garthy O'Brien? Do you know--

Brennan: She looks and says, oh, hold on one second.

Cathilda: Oh right. Well, Miss Fig, why Garthy O'Brien, I know them quite
well.

Emily: It's Mrs.

Cathilda: What's that?

Adaine: Them!

Emily: Mrs. Fig.

Cathilda: Them, yes! I know them quite well. Garthy's a, well, they're a, how
do I put this? A pirate. And they run the Gold Gardens, which are a series of
houses of fortune and pleasure in Leviathan.

Fabian: Oh! (laughs)

Emily: Okay, I will go to a casino over a jail.

Siobhan: I don't think it's a casino, I think it's a whorehouse.

Emily: Well, I mean, anytime you have sex with a, you know, it could be a
gamble, right?

Ally: And you always win the bet!

Emily: You might lose your heart.

(Ally laughs)

Murph: Riz takes another lap.

Siobhan: How much experience do you have--

Ally: Is this your Netflix special? (laughs)

Siobhan: What happened to you on tour?

Ally: We can't say anything anymore!

Emily: What happened to me was, I let some walls down, okay?

Siobhan: No, you, no, all right.

Kristen: Leviathan, is that what you said?

Fabian: Oh yes. Leviathan. It's like, me and Papa used to go there sometimes,
it's this incredible pirate fortress that sails the seas, and it's like a
bunch of ships that smash together. It's honestly the coolest place in the
whole world.

Kristen: Huh.

Fabian: And I'm total, I could totally get us in, because, you know, my dad is
like a big shot there. Or was a big shot before he, I killed him.

Emily: Okay.

Fabian: It's honestly so cool, though. And I would totally love to go.

Fig: It’s like, like dinner theater?

Fabian: No, no, no, no. No, it's like a, we're talking like a city-sized place
made up of ships that have all kind of broken wreckages of ships that have all
been kind of put together, and you know, they've kind of built a city on top
of this floating mass. And it's kind of like a pirate haven or like--

Zac: Sounds like Spring Break. I'm not here, but--

(laughter)

Fig: It sounds like Spring Break.

Adaine: It sounds like Spring Break. Whoa, jinx.

Fabian: I don't know what that is a reference to, but yes.

Kristen: It sounds like the trash island off the coast of Texas.

Fabian: Don't know any of those specifics, but yes.

(Emily laughs)

Siobhan: What did we find in this hotel book?

Brennan: In this hotel, well, that's what you guys found.

Siobhan: Oh, okay, great.

Brennan: Is this clue about the fact, the months that you see there line up
for the several months at the end of your freshman year.

Siobhan: Ah, okay.

Brennan: When you guys were largely in jail and a little bit before that. This
was during the time when you know that Bill Seacaster was supplying
palimpsests to KVX Bank.

Siobhan: Interesting.

Ally: Do you think maybe this is how they got all the rubies that are in that
bag that you have?

Siobhan: Maybe.

Murph: It's interesting, why would--

Siobhan: Is this guy, Garthy O'Brien, anywhere else in the hotel book, or only
in relation to Bill Seacaster?

Brennan: Only in the room that Bill Seacaster was staying in, directly before
he was--

Siobhan: So Garthy would stay after Bill Seacaster.

Murph: It seems that they wouldn't be able to meet with Bill Seacaster, you
know, it's strange that one of them couldn't just check in, they couldn't
meet. Why did--

Emily: They might have overlapped. Check out, check in.

Siobhan: You're leaving something in the room, and then--

Murph: Right, but why can't Garthy O'Brien just talk to Bill Seacaster?

Emily: Because that would implicate them.

Siobhan: Criminal activity.

Fabian: It's like a drop, the Ball. You know, it's like Garthy goes in--

Murph: But they're both--

: Leaves a thing--

Murph: Everyone knew they were both pirates.

Siobhan: No because Bill Seacaster, once you become a citizen of Solace, they
forgive all of your--

Murph: Got it. Right. Right.

Siobhan: Former crimes. So he's, he was living pretending that he was done and
reformed.

Murph: Right. Also, not to accuse everyone's parents of crimes today, but Bill
Seacaster's in hell, right?

Lou: Oh, big time.

Murph: And we just fought a bunch of devils.

Siobhan: Oh.

Sandra Lynn: Demons,

Brennan: says Sandra Lynn.

Riz: They were demons.

Adaine: Oh yeah, demons are different from devils.

Riz: Okay, they were demons, not devils--

Kristen: Can I see the ruby that you're, that you got?

Fig: Yeah.

Emily: I take it out and it's just,

Fig: My other dad.

Ally: And this looks crazy, right?

Brennan: Yes, the ruby is almost jet black with this roiling kind of storm
cloud within it. You can see sort of billowing of smoke with--

Ally: Do we think it's cursed?

Brennan: I mean, you, eyeing it you would say almost definitely.

Ally: 'Cause I have Remove Curse that I could try to cast on that.

Emily: Yes! Anything.

Ally: Okay, yeah, I--

Brennan: Give me a religion check as you look at it.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Emily: You do that with advantage, right--

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: Already, okay.

(laughter)

Ally: Kay kay, that's pretty good. Let's see. Oh yeah, 19.

Brennan: As you look at the curse on the thing, and you begin to cast the
beginnings of Remove Curse on it, you see that there is a powerful contingency
effect in this.

Ally: Ah.

Emily: Meaning if something's cast on it?

Murph: Like a--

Brennan: Meaning that the effect is not hard to get rid of, but there's an
effect behind the effect you can't get to while the first effect is there, and
if anything happens to the first effect, the second effect--

Ally: Triggers.

Brennan: Triggers, and you think quite possibly destroys or annihilates
whatever is within the gem.

Kristen: Okay, hey, actually, that's too, I can't actually remove that curse.
That's a powerful--

Brennan: Well you could, you couldn't do it without--

Ally: Dying.

Brennan: Without-- No, you'd be fine. Gorthalax, something would happen to.

Ally: Yeah.

Kristen: I can't.

Fig: No?

Kristen: No.

Riz: Is Gorthalax a devil or a demon?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: A devil.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Dang. Waffle? All right, girl.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: I'm going to go to the bathroom.

Adaine: But wait, hang on, Gilear, when were you in the, can you tell us about
your work in the diplomatic corps?

Gilear: Well, again, I was a counselor, so I was not a full diplomat, you
understand? But I provided counsel to the diplomatic corps about the inner
workings of different cultures and how best to respond and the customs and
formalities of other nations beyond Fallinel. I possessed an insight into the
minds and hearts of other people that eludes high elves at certain times.

Adaine: Yes, we can be a little cold.

Gilear: Yes. And, there was something, I suppose, to the empathy that I was
able to wield on behalf of other people. Yeah, sort of a foggy memory at this
point. I, uh. You know, I helped, I helped out.

Adaine: What?

Gilear: You know.

Fig: Why did you stop?

Kristen: What do you mean?

Gilear: Hm?

Fig: Why did you stop?

Brennan: He looks at the ruby in your hand, and he looks over at Sandra Lynn
and he's like,

Gilear: I don't know, you know, sometimes you hit a sort of inertia, right?
It's like sometimes you just, you know, the wagon's stopped and the rest of
the road is kind of uphill. It's not that much uphill, but no one's, no one's
pushing. Anyway, I'm--

Siobhan: Can I cast Detect Thoughts on Gilear? (laughter)

Brennan: Sure, if you want to cast Detect Thoughts on Gilear, go for it! You
cast Detect Thoughts on him. He certainly fails.

Siobhan: Great. Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. You see that his surface thoughts brim over with memories of
himself, you know, a little happier, a little bit more confident. Looking a
little bit younger. And you see him tendering his resignation in the
diplomatic corps to move and start a life with Sandra Lynn. She had a
promising career as a ranger. He had met her while she was adventuring as an
Aguefort adventurer, Sandra Lynn went to Aguefort. Met her, fell in love, and
kind of gave up his life to go be with her in Solace.

Siobhan: That's sweet, except it's weird that he was a grown man with a job
who followed a high schooler back to Solace.

Brennan: No, sorry. She was not a high school student when she came, she was a
full, she went to Aguefort.

Siobhan: Oh, okay, it was post-Aguefort. She wasn't like on her junior year
abroad--

Brennan: No, no, she was a full-fledged adventurer. This is back in her days
when she had her nose pierced, and was like a much, you know, she was sort of
like a punk, and he was this sort of young guy working in the diplomatic
corps, and he fell for her, and moved to Solace, and you see his sort of lost
direction in his life. D&D, how's it going, gang?

Siobhan: Brutal.

Kristen: Do you think Gilear, that there's any reason that these demons would
want to hurt you? Did you have any run-ins with any demons before?

Gilear: I think Riz would have established last time that they, they couldn't
imagine that I was behaving so erratically in that combat, and wasn't casting
a spell of some kind.

Kristen: Mm-hmm.

Gilear: So they went for me first.

Kristen: Chosen?

Riz: I think that they just want to kill people.

Kristen: You're the chosen one?

Adaine: He's absolutely not the chosen one.

Gilear: All right. I am going to go like I said I was.

Brennan: He heads off. Dinner concludes, you guys exit the restaurant. Sandra
Lynn, after a few minutes, also sort of leaves and says,

Sandra Lynn: I don't know where Gorgug is. I'm gonna go check out for him real
quick.

Brennan: She flies off. The rest of you go to the van. You see Tracker speaks
up and says,

Tracker: Could we take the van maybe somewhere a little bit more secluded, if
that makes sense?

Kristen: Okay, babe! (laughs)

Tracker: Cut it out. Also, it would be helpful if we could go get some, if we
could get extra blankets and stuff.

Kristen: (laughs) Okay, babe!

(Emily laughs)

Fabian: I'm sorry, just, are we, you're talking about sleeping in the van?

Kristen: Oh my God!

Tracker: What's wrong with sleeping in a van?

Fabian: [pained] Ohh, okay.

Adaine: I've always wanted to sleep in a van. This is actually very exciting
for me.

Fig: Let's do it. Hey, I'm in a band, I sleep in a van all the time.

Tracker: Hey, I hear you. This is gonna be nice, hopefully.

Ally: How's Ragh doing?

Brennan: Ragh looks messed up. He's being very quiet, but sort of sullen.
Gorgug, you're several blocks away, and you hear a, (mimics wings flapping) of
this gryphon landing behind you.

Zac looks up and holds his arm out the way a falconer would for their bird to
land on.

Brennan: Oh, an enormous gryphon. You see that as you hold up your arm, Baxter
starts to go for your arm, and Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: No, no, no! No, no!

Zac laughs and lowers his arm but then raises it again.

Brennan: Pulls it up. She says,

Sandra Lynn: Don't do that, he'll try to do it. His depth perception on entry
is not as good as it could be.

Gorgug: I just always thought it'd be cool to catch a falcon on your arm.

Sandra Lynn: He is the size of an, bigger than a Clydesdale. He's an enormous,
enormous beast.

Gorgug: I thought maybe he could flap while he was hanging on my arm.

(Emily laughs)

Sandra Lynn: Gorgug, what's up, buddy?

(laughter)

Sandra Lynn: You kind of peaced out in the middle of dinner, there. Is
everything okay?

Gorgug: Everything's fine, I just, I kind of screwed up things with Zelda a
little bit. I forgot to tell her we were leaving with all the crazy stuff
happening, and I feel (sighs) a little sad about that.

Sandra Lynn: I'm sorry, bud. That's, that's really hard. Well, you're a sweet,
sweet boy. And I'm sure, even if her feelings are a little bit hurt that, you
know, she'll... I'm sure you guys can work it out, okay?

Gorgug: Okay. I appreciate that.

Sandra Lynn: Yeah.

Gorgug: I was just kind of wandering around. I was fully lost, thanks for
finding me.

Sandra Lynn: I'm glad I could find you. Well, let's head back together.

Brennan: You guys swing back and you pick up, Tracker picks up some blankets
somewhere. You guys stop by a little, you know, convenience store. You head
out in the van. Was there any business that people wanted to do before, you
needed to go to the police station, right?

Emily: I just wanted to leave a note.

Brennan: Cool. (laughter) I'm gonna roll a luck check in front of the board.
You guys want a high number. It's an 11. Cool. It's cool, you walk into the
police station.

Emily: I think I, I think I just leave a note. I think I pretend to be
(laughs) a citizen, but I disguise myself as just a really nice woman.

Brennan: The same woman, or--

Emily: A very old woman.

Brennan: A very old woman.

(laughter)

Ally: So when you said just a very nice woman, you meant a very old woman?

Murph: (laughs) You're going to end his career.

Emily: (laughs) I’m just gonna say,

Fig: [old woman voice] I found this on the front porch.

Siobhan: The porch of a police club?

Emily: And they give them a little note. And the note is just, to Commissioner
Buggins. And it just says, “Sorry I boarded away so abruptly. Here's my new
number.” (laughs) And then I--

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: You see that the attendant looks at it and says,

Officer: You found this note on your porch, or our porch?

(laughter)

Fig: Yours.

Officer: Ours.

Fig: Yours. Anyways.

Officer: Detective Decker left a written note changing her phone number on the
steps of the police precinct?

Fig: This sounds like drama I can’t get into.

Officer: Well, if her number's changed--

Fig: I've gotta walk my dog.

Officer: No, we're in this now! Hang on a second! I'm interested.

Fig: Uh-huh!

Officer: Hold on! Okay. So her number's different, but she only wanted to tell
the commissioner.

Ally: Are we watching this?

Murph: No, we’re not there.

Brennan: Nope. Fig is just gone off on her own to do this.

Fig: Yeah, it does seem strange. Yeah, maybe then whoever did it probably was
having a hard day. Anyways, my dog is tied up outside.

Officer: Okay!

Fig: Yeah.

Officer: Well. If you, all right. Did you see anyone leave this at your house?

Fig: No, it was at your house, and also, I'm not gonna--

Officer: They left this at my house?

Fig: (laughs) Your police house.

Officer: The police house?

Fig: Yeah!

Officer: You mean the precinct?

Fig: Yes.

Officer: Okay.

Fig: I’m a very old woman--

Officer: I got it, well, we should take your information down. What's your
name and address?

Fig: Hilda.

Officer: Hilda, great, got a last name, Hilda?

Fig: Hilda.

Officer: Hilda Hilda?

Lou: (laughs) Oh man!

Officer: Great, what's your address, Ms. Hilda?

(Lou laughs)

Fig: 22 Hilda.

Officer: 22 Hilda?

(Lou laughs)

Officer: Okay, is that Boulevard or Street? We got two in Bastion City.

Fig: It's both.

Officer: Bo-- You have two houses, your name's Hilda Hilda, and you live at 22
Hilda Street and 22 Hilda Boulevard? Which address was the note left on?

Siobhan: Oh no!

Fig: Yours, the police house!

Officer: Okay, the police house, I forgot. Thank you so much, great. Well, Ms.
Hilda, we'll be in touch if anything else comes up, okay?

Emily: I use Prestidigitation to make a loud dog barking sound outside.

Officer: Oh, sounds like a dog--

(Ally mimics barking)

Officer: Fittin' to get moving.

Lou: One loud bark.

Officer: Thank you so much for passing by.

(laughter)

Officer: In the middle of the night. Wait, that dog goes on a long walk. We're
pretty far from 22 Hilda Street. And we're across town from 22 Hilda
Boulevard, so that's pretty wild!

Fig: He's the size of a Clydesdale.

Officer: Oh, that's a big dog, for sure! Well, this all checks out, I'm gonna
update Detective Decker's information right now in our police database. Thank
you so much, I appreciate it.

Fig: Okay, I think that was a personal note, that's only for one person to
read.

Officer: Oh, she left a personal note for one person on the steps of the
police precinct?

(laughter)

Officer: Ah, you know what? That sounds like Detective Decker to me. Well,
this all checks out, and thank you so much for being so helpful.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna leave, and then come back in as Detective-- (laughs)

Murph: What?

Ally: No! (laughs)

(laughter)

Ally: Wait, where are we? We're nowhere near, in the van, waiting for her?

Emily: I'm gonna quick turn into Detective Decker, and then run by the window.

(laughter)

Brennan: Run by the window? Okay, hold on.

(laughter)

Brennan: Hold on! Hold on. Okay. You see, you see that the older sort of like,
receptionist police officer sees you run by and goes,

Officer: Detective Decker!

Brennan: And vaults over the desk and begins to sprint down the street after
you.

Officer: Detective Decker!

Emily: I keep running--

Officer: Detective Decker, wait! Wait, Detective Decker!

Emily: I get on my skateboard! (laughs)

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Lou: What!

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Cool, you get on your skateboard.

Emily: I botched this, I’m going to have to cross out Runce Buggins as one of
my love interests.

Lou: Botched this!

Brennan: Well, miraculous, incredible. (laughs)

Emily: Back to Dr. Asha for me.

Murph: I just never know what angle you're coming from.

(laughter)

Ally: Yeah, totally!

Murph: Running by the window.

Ally: I run by the window!

Emily: I thought, I thought it would be like--

Murph: This establishes that she's in town or something?

Lou: She's dropping notes.

Emily: Yes!

Lou: There it is. I get it! I see the vision.

Siobhan: You're gonna get this woman fired--

Ally: Oh my God.

Murph: You're ruining lives.

Emily: Look, I crossed out Runce Buggins, okay?

Ally: You know, you could have done it as her and said, “Can you make sure--”

Zac: I don't know how crossing it out is any better.

(laughter)

Emily: I crossed it out, okay.

Brennan: You head out, about, you're all the way back to the van where
everybody else is. As you're on your way, you get a little blip on your cell
phone, saying

Runce: Decker, this is Runce. Is this your new number? You're texting me on
your old number saying it's not your new number, but the front desk just said
you dropped this note off. Is this some kind of prank?

Emily: I throw my phone into the river.

(laughter)

Ally: What?!

Siobhan: No!

Brennan: You throw your phone in the river! As you throw your phone in the
river, about a minute later, you begin to hear police choppers. (mimics
helicopters)

Emily: No!

Brennan: And you see spotlights on the river where your phone is located. You
look back in the distance and you see cruisers pull up, and you see that Chief
Buggins comes out, says, looks and sees someone say,

Buggins: Phone's at the bottom of the river.

Brennan: And you see him drop to his knees and go,

Buggins: (screaming) No!

Emily: He did love me.

(laughter)

Emily: I skateboard away. Skateboard away.

Zac: A horrifying short film.

(laughter)

Fabian: What's up, Fig? We bought blankets!

Fig: Cool! I think I'm actually gonna go to bed like right now.

(laughter)

Emily: I take Gorthalax and I cuddle him in fetal position and go to sleep.

Kristen: I think, well, I just think on that, this is such a scary curse on
this gem. I do think we should, and myself included, always saying I'm Teddy
Geiger, keep our lies to a minimum.

Fig: Oh, I completely forgot! My whole thing is lies.

Kristen: Right, 'cause you were saying that they're being used against us.

Riz: I don't know if it was just one attack on me to be creepy, or if--

Adaine: Yeah, we should--

Riz: Baron was that--

Kristen: 'Cause I am wondering, we definitely can't have a character named
Teddy Geiger come after me, 'cause we'll get sued, but you know. (laughs)

Siobhan: We'll get sued?

Ally: What, nothing.

Siobhan: Is that a real thing?

Ally: That's a real person.

Fig: But as someone who operates in shadows and deceit, I can't exactly turn
my back on lies.

Kristen: Interesting.

Fabian: I feel like it's more like when, choosing more carefully when we lie
and how we lie. Just maybe not being so casual--

Adaine: Maybe making up people is a problem? Whatever, maybe--

Gilear: I'm sure my--

Adaine: Shenanigans you got up while we were--

Gilear: I'm sure my daughter wouldn't have come up with a lie frivolously for
next to no reason. Fig, what aim of the quest were you advancing with your
deception?

Fig: I don't know, Gilear. What aim were you advancing?

Gilear: Hm?

Ally: Honestly--

Gilear: I've only ever tried my best to help and failed incredibly, so I
have--

(Ally laughs)

Gilear: I'm not going to sit here and defend myself, it's the last thing--

Ally: I'm wondering, do you think, do these, this bag of gems, does it look
like those people will be coming after it, or that there's a way to track
them?

Brennan: Hard to say.

Riz: Why don't we make sure we take shifts? Just in case people have crazy
nightmares.

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: Tracker looks at you guys and says--

Fig: Oh, yeah.

Tracker: Well, if everybody wants to back away from the van a little bit, I'm
gonna try something that hopefully will maybe--

Kristen: Babe!

Tracker: What! I'm not even doing anything flirty right now!

Kristen: Oh sorry, I misread all of that. Sorry, what are you doing, what?

Tracker: You'll just have to wait and find out.

Kristen: (laughs) Okay.

Adaine: Oh my God.

Murph: Riz takes another lap.

(Ally laughs)

Murph: Everyone's insane.

Siobhan: Me and Riz are just like--

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Really talking about the book, but in a way that's so intense that we
can't fuckin' pay attention to anything else that's happening.

Kristen: Oh you mean you and Ragh. Okay.

Tracker: No, I'm gonna try to do something to --

Fig: Protect--

Riz: Protect the van.

Tracker: Honestly, my plan is, I'm gonna, I'm gonna try to turn the van into a
Moonhaven. Normally it wouldn't work on something that's like, purely
mechanical, you know what I mean? But because there's the celestial that's in
the van now, it felt like maybe there's a shot that it would work. Do you want
to talk to...

Gorgug: Yeah.

Tracker: The van a little bit, just to see?

Gorgug: For sure. Moonhaven is a place where moons hang out?

Tracker: No, well, good guess. A Moonhaven is a place that, well, it can
comfortably fit a lot of people, and if I burn a little bit more spell energy,
I can create a magic circle within it that should be able to repel fey or
dream entities and stuff like that.

Gorgug: Cool.

Tracker: So I can only do it up to about nine people, so we would, so Baxter
couldn't fit, and we'd have to have some people find a way to stay outside of
the, outside of the van, but it would be a safe place to sleep, and if we did
it right, I think it would stop--

Adaine: Well, I don't need to sleep.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks over and says,

Sandra Lynn: Me and Gilear don't either.

Adaine: Great, so we can stay outside.

Kristen: I worry about Gilear. But okay.

Fig: I do too.

Zac: I'll go talk to the van, then.

Brennan: Cool. You walk over and start to, so the van is parked. You guys are
near a little copse of trees, you're kind of like near a roundabout where the
highways that sort of circle the larger city are, and there's a little copse
of trees and a small field, there's a dust little turnoff from the highway.
One of those places that's just like, a forgotten little stowaway of a larger
industrial place where nature has kind of started to come back a little bit.
And the van is parked over there, sort of rusty old van. As you approach and
turn the van back on, you see gleams sort of blue a little bit. And you see,
as the van glows blue, you hear the voice come over and say,

Van: Oh, what's up? Gorgug!

Gorgug: Hey, Van. How you doin'?

Van: I'm doing honestly so good right now. I've been trying, and I think that
the systems that your folks put in place in the van keep the driving and stuff
separate from the main CPU. So I don't think I can actually control the
steering and the gas or brake or whatever. But the radio, the AC, all of the
van's other stuff. We should be honestly good to go.

Gorgug: That's awesome.

Van: Yeah! And if you wanted to tinker around with the van or whatever to try
to reconnect some of the stuff, I bet we could do that.

Gorgug: That's awesome! I think I definitely want to do that. Long term, I
might have to call my parents to get them to help me go through some of the
steps of, I guess I'm okay at it. I would never say I'm kind of a master of
that sort of thing. But I'll give it a shot. Oh, but I was just coming in
here. Well, I had two things. First thing, we were trying to figure out how to
do a Moonhaven in here. And we were just wanting to run that by you and see if
that was cool, and see if maybe we can do it 'cause of your celestial energy,
and also, have you ever beefed it in a relationship real hard?

Van: I tell you, dude. I sure did. Relationships are super hard. I was a
planetar of the plane of Elysium. My purview was harmony, relaxation, being in
tune with just the chill forces of the cosmos. And there was another planetar
that I loved very deeply, and they were sort of my superior, and they had set
a clarion trumpet call for us to embark on a crusade against the forces of
fiends and evil, and I just got deep in a nap, and I just didn't show up.

Gorgug: Hmm. Yeah.

Van: And I was, and I was cast out from paradise.

Gorgug: Sure.

Van: So, you know.

Gorgug: I feel a similar, like, I didn't take a nap. I don't think I took a
nap.

Van: Mm-hmm.

Gorgug: But yeah, I feel like my, my planetar's all mad at me because if, I
forgot to check back in.

Van: Totally.

Gorgug: And I get it. But, yeah. But would the, would it be cool if we did the
Moonhaven?

Van: Yeah, absolutely. If you want to do some magic, I can help maybe elongate
the duration or funnel some celestial energy into it. Honestly, look. I'm not
about confrontation, and I'm not about violence, but this van should be a safe
place. And I am comfortable if demons or spirits try to come in here and be
harsh in the van, to be like, dude, with only love, that's not this space, you
know?

Gorgug: Cool. You know what? I'll give it a shot. Let me tinker around in
here.

Zac: Can I try to--

Brennan: Yeah!

Zac: To tinker--

Brennan: Give me just a flat intelligence check. We'll say that there is some
modest improvement on a 15, and on a 20 or higher, you can attach the
celestial to the driving column.

Zac: Okay.

Siobhan: You have a minus one to intelligence.

Zac: That's a nine.

Brennan: Nine?

Siobhan: Maybe you want some help with this--

Brennan: Cool. You guys see Gorgug kind of banging around under the hood.

Emily: Some other time I can give you some inspiration.

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: Lovely. So you see, Gorgug, you sort of don't fix it in time. And the
van says,

Van: Dude, honestly, I think that's an A for effort, my man, but let's give
this a shot another time. Maybe we'll keep an eye out for some tools or a
garage, 'cause I bet this would be easier to do if we had the full rack of
gear, you know?

Gorgug: Yeah, I don't have any, I'm just sort of grabbing pipes with my hands,
so it might be a good idea.

Van: Hey man, at least you got hands, dude.

Gorgug: Right. (laughs) We're gonna find you some hands.

Van: Oh what! Look out! Here comes a van with hands!

(laughter)

Van: Oh man!

Emily: Terrifying, instead of wheels--

(laughter)

Lou: Four hands, just--

Siobhan: No thank you.

Lou: Crawling--

Zac: I guess I come back to the group.

Brennan: Cool. You see Tracker says,

Tracker: Cool, I'm gonna give something a shot.

Brennan: She steps forward, kneels down.

Kristen: Babe! I'm sorry, that was a bad joke.

Brennan: She kneels down, the clouds part overhead, and the crescent moon
shines down on Tracker. You see that as she prays, (mimics whooshing) white,
spectral energy spirals around her, and a pure, ghostly white wolf moves out
of her, you can see her projecting her own soul out of her body. The wolf
grabs the pile of blankets in its mouth, picks them up, and the sort of trails
of sparkling energy with almost, it's like, not liquid, it's like a smoke, but
it does flow down out of the wolf's mouth.

Gorgug: Put that down.

(wolf growling)

Gorgug: Put it down!

Brennan: The wolf bounds off towards the van.

(laughter)

Brennan: And you see that the wolf jumps with the blankets into the van and
begins to throw the blankets over the seats and up on to the sides of things,
and there's some cushions that it throws around, and you see that the wolf,
this spirit wolf starts digging in the van, and you see that it's creating an
extradimensional space, like a wolf burrow inside of the van, so that there's
a place to squeeze through blankets and pop down into a little bed area, it's
basically this nest of blankets and different, almost like a spectral
extradimensional pillow fort crammed into the back seats of this van.

Ally: Sick.

Brennan: And you see that runes surround the van in a magic circle, and the
van glows with this light of the moon, this bright, celestial energy. The wolf
returns. (mimics whooshing) Slowly leaps over the field and (gasps) back into
Tracker's chest, and she stands up and says,

Tracker: All right, should be good to go, if we want to go talk in there, it
should be safe.

Kristen: That was so cool!

Fabian: Was that your soul?

Brennan: Yeah.

Kristen: Wow! Babe. Day after day, I just get more and more impressed.
(laughs)

Tracker: Stop!

Kristen: I just, I wrote you this note while we were at dinner.

Brennan: You see she goes,

Tracker: While we were at dinner?

Brennan: She opens it, what does the note say?

Ally: “Fuck me.”

(laughter)

Brennan: She writes something in it real quick, and you see it's just the
word, “when.”

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: You see--

Ally: I just, I can't!

Brennan: Cool!

Fabian: All right, shall we talk in the van?

Riz: Yeah, let’s.

Brennan: You guys walk into the van, it looks like a combination of sort of a
Leomund's Tiny Hut spell, and a Magic Circle spell have been cast here in the
van.

Fig: Can I smoke in here?

Tracker: Yeah, that should be totally fine.

Brennan: You see that--

Adaine: Actually, I'd prefer you didn't smoke.

Riz: I would prefer if you didn't.

Emily: Can I Prestidigitation so it looks like nothing's coming out of my--

Zac: Poor Gorgug's just next to you, just. (lightly coughs)

Brennan: You see, so Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Just lifting that unburning clove to your mouth over and over
again while we all smell and can feel smoke?

Gorgug: Maybe it's psychosomatic, but it's making me cough. (multiple coughs)

Riz: This is a small room, just so you--

Brennan: You see--

Kristen: All the pillows are smelling like smoke!

Fabian: We could, we're going to be sleeping in here all the time?

Adaine: This is absolutely not the place to smoke.

(laughter)

Kristen: A magic wolf just made this for us, and you're smoking in it?

Brennan: So you guys all squeeze into the van, the Hangman is outside going,

Hangman: Under no circumstances will I enter.

Fabian: No, but well, of course you won't, all right? Honestly, Hangman, you
have the most important job, right? You get to keep watch. And if anything
comes anywhere near us, I want you to ram the van as hard as you possibly can.

Hangman: Sire! If a drifter or some young teen walking from a gas station
holding on to a little portable plastic canister--

Fabian: All right--

Hangman: Dares to walk by, I will destroy this van.

Fabian: Hangman--

Hangman: I will sunder it--

Fabian: Hangman--

Hangman: Bolt from nut!

Fabian: You can use your judgment--

Hangman: I will send this van straight to the bottom of the night pit!

Fabian: No, I mean, it's more like teens are cool, and drifters I guess are
sometimes cool. We're talking more like demons, like, you know, the big ape
men and the vulture guys. Like red dudes on fire. Normal just kind of people
having a hard time, they can stroll by. But if you see those other guys, you
smash this van asunder--

Hangman: I will destroy the van!

Adaine: Hangman, did you just eat a bunch of bees?

(laughter)

Hangman: I'm feeling pretty lonely.

(laughter)

Fabian: My van, my vehicle's allowed to eat, all right? If he wants to chew,
he's more than welcome to. He consumes gasoline or souls, or whatever he runs
on. However he damn pleases.

Brennan: You leave the Hangman outside. You see that Baxter the griffin does
that lanky kind of cat lying down on the roof of the van and just kind of goes
to sleep on top of it.

Ally: Can I give Ragh the Teddy Bear of Helpfulness to hold?

Brennan: He takes the Teddy Bear of Helpfulness, he's got his little magical
spoon from Adaine. He looks at you and says,

Ragh: Okay. This is honestly messed up, and I'm really sorry that I didn't
tell the truth. And it's messed up. I'm sorry.

Fig: That's fine. Some of us made, we all made mistakes today. Let's just
chalk it up to a bad day.

Ragh: (sighs) I see that lady in the photo. I see the lady in the photo.

Brennan: And he looks over at Tracker and says,

Ragh: Nothing can get to me right now or hear me, right?

Brennan: You see she says,

Tracker: Hear you? Are you worried about saying something?

Brennan: And he's like,

Ragh: Yeah.

Adaine: Okay, why don't I... Why don't you think it, and I'm gonna cast a
spell on it, on you, and I'm gonna-- Oh! Actually, I can just message you.
I'll message you, and then you can message me back.

Kristen: And then you can message it to each of us?

Adaine: And then I can message it to everybody else.

Emily: I also have Message.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. Ragh imparts to you that on the night of the Prompocalypse, he
saw this person.

Siobhan: Where?

Brennan: Being relayed to Adaine and then to the rest of the group, Ragh
mentally says, without having to physically say, so,

Ragh: After the fight, I was pretty amped. You know, it was a lot of emotions,
like, I had my old toxic thing with Dane, and I kind of, after a lot of
talking to Jawbone, I had kind of relapsed into a lot of self-loathing stuff,
and then you guys were so awesome, and Gorgug, you know, we had a moment that
meant a lot to me, and then we fought Kalvaxus, and afterwards, I was just
kind of pumped, and I was, I ran into the school. And I went and I saw there
was this conversation, and I was going, 'cause a lot of the teachers had been
trapped in the crystals and had come out again. And I saw Jace, the sorcery
teacher--

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Ragh: Talking to this woman that I didn't recognize. She was an elven woman,
she was wearing sort of like black, dark robes, it looked like, they were very
light. She was blonde, she had glasses.

Adaine: She looked like this?

Ragh: She looked like you?

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Ragh: I mean, yeah. Yeah, she looked like, yeah, she looked like you. But
older. She didn't look like--

Adaine: Right.

And Porter--

Siobhan: I don't relay that Porter was involved in this.

Emily: I'm eavesdropping via Message.

[Siobhan laughs]

Brennan: He's like,

Ragh: Porter was still somewhat injured after the fight with Kalvaxus, and
Porter, I didn't feel that injured, honestly, but they did some healing on me.
Not Jace, Porter did some barbarian healing stuff with me. And after that, I
was like walking home, and I saw this cat woman, this tabaxi. And she came up,
and told me all this stuff about my mom, and she said if I ever talked to
anyone about it, she would kill my mom.

Adaine: Oh my goodness! What about? Do you feel comfortable telling us about
your mom?

Ragh: My mom fuckin' slaps. She's hardcore as hell. She's a half-orc like me,
which means that my dad, wherever he is, was probably a half-orc too, or he
could have been a human or orc and I just like, you know, but--

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Ragh: Her name's Lydia. She was an adventurer, and she was a barbarian like
me. And they were out on this mission in the Red Wastes, and there were these
soul gems, honestly, kind of a lot like the one in the van, and there was--

Fig: Like this one?

Brennan: She, you see that Ragh looks at it, and nods, and you see he says,

Ragh: But this one was fractured, and the thing in it was leaking out and was
going to escape, and she basically took it, and plunged it deep into her heart
so that it couldn't escape.

Adaine: Your mom did?

Ragh: Yeah.

Gorgug: What does that do?

Ragh: Well, she didn't die. She's just like sick, really. She's really sick,
and she's been really sick for a long time. There's, you know, there's,
they're figuring out stuff that they could do to try to remove it, but she has
turned down a lot of the experimental stuff because none of the people have
ever been able to guarantee 100 percent that the threat wouldn't come back,
and she's just basically like, I knew what I was doing when I did this.

Fig: What did she say she was doing?

Ragh: Saving the world. She was a fuckin' hero.

Kristen: That's really cool, man. Do you know if she knew who specifically was
trying to escape from that?

Ragh: It was some devil, I think. I'm not sure which one, but--

Riz: Was it a devil or a demon?

Ragh: She always said devil, but I don't know that I'm super up on the
difference between those two things.

Kristen: Yeah, I just learned them myself, too.

Adaine: But you, you had a, you had a nightmare when everybody else had a
nightmare, right? That was true?

Ragh: Yeah.

Adaine: But you can still see the Shadow Cat?

Ragh: Yeah.

Kristen: Okay.

Fabian: What exactly did the Shadow Cat tell you?

Fig: Yeah.

Ragh: She told me if I ever mentioned to anyone what I had seen about that
elven woman--

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Ragh: That she would kill my mom.

Adaine: Oh, that is messed up.

Zac: So Jace is in on whatever, on something?

Siobhan: Well, Jace is a high elf, right?

Emily: Porter is as well.

Murph: No, Porter’s a ???

Kristen: [to Adaine] Do you think that person was your sister or your mom?

Siobhan: Yeah, Porter's made of rock.

Brennan: He looks and says,

Ragh: I want to say--

Adaine: I think that might have been my mom, yeah.

Ragh: I don't, Jace and Porter--

Emily: Yeah, I was going to say--

Brennan: He's like, he says,

Ragh: Jace and Porter were super nice. I don't know. The conversation I saw
them having, the reason I walked up to them was that it didn't look secret. I
don't know, like Jace--

Adaine: Yeah, Jace is an open guy--

Ragh: Yeah.

Adaine: Who seemed nice.

Riz: She could have just been speaking to them so that she could get to the
office.

Adaine: Yeah.

Riz: To take the crown.

Siobhan: Is there a picture, do I have a picture on my crystal of my mom?

Brennan: Yes, you do.

Siobhan: Great, so I show that picture--

Ragh: That's her!

Adaine: Okay.

Kristen: Okay. Okay.

Fabian: Okay.

Adaine: Yeah, that's for sure my mom.

Brennan: [to Siobhan] And you remember that faint teleportation that night,
the residue that was at the house that would have been months gone if it had
not been so recent.

Kristen: And your mom's in Solace now?

Ragh: Yeah, she lives in Elmville.

Kristen: Cool.

Ragh: And it's just me and her, and I take care of her.

Kristen: That's cool, man.

: Does she--

Fig: Who's taking care of her now?

Ragh: The school. They have caretakers come in to take care.

Fig: Oh, okay. Cool.

Ragh: She was like, when I first started going to Aguefort, I was really not
about going on field missions, and she was basically like, that's like the end
of your life, you're not going to stay in Elmville your whole life taking care
of me, and so I was like--

Adaine: Wow. Your mom rules.

Kristen: Yeah, your mom rules.

Fig: She does slap, you're right.

Riz: Does she ever--

Brennan: Ragh just starts,

Ragh: [sniffs]

Kristen: You can cry, man. That's cool.

Riz: Yeah, it's fine to cry.

Adaine: Hey, do you think that you'd want to move into Mordred Manor with us?
I think that there's a couple extra spooky rooms.

Fig: Yeah, the living room isn't taken anymore.

Brennan: (laughs) You see he looks and says,

Ragh: Yeah, I mean, is the rent good there? We were actually really, we have a
second mortgage on the house, so like--

Kristen: You've gotta move in, man. You gotta move in with us.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: You got to.

Brennan: He's fully crying.

(Ally laughs)

Fig: There are rules about nighttime partners for teens, but other than that,
no rent.

Kristen: No one follows them.

Ragh: I was such a dick to you guys! You guys are so nice to me, these days--

Kristen: Yeah, dude. You're the best, man.

Adaine: Yeah, you do have to be nice to Zayn.

Ragh: Tight, yeah! I'll be chill. Yeah. Zayn was honestly very mean to me
when, before he died.

Adaine: Right, yeah.

Ragh: Is it wrong to speak ill of the dead?

Adaine: I feel like, no, I feel like both of you--

Fabian: No, it's totally cool. Honestly, so chill.

Adaine: Had some issues that made you aggro in a way that was toxic to
everyone, including yourselves.

Ragh: Buh, fuckin' hurt people, hurt people, dude!

Kristen: That's true, man.

Riz: Ragh, did, did your, does your mom ever lose control? Like, besides just
regular barbarian rage, like from the--

Ragh: Well, she hasn't--

Riz: Gem that's inside her?

Ragh: She's medically been in a prolonged state of rage for years.

Adaine: Oh wow.

Fig: And--

Adaine: She has to stay raging or--

Fig: Putting her in that to protect her?

Ragh: Yeah, she's, it's medically necessary. But she's, it's not, it's like,
it's not like when you rage in combat. It's just like she's, 'cause part of
rage is you quicken your pulse, your muscles grow, she's just like, she's very
sweet. She's honestly, you couldn't tell she's raging. She's, really, she lost
a lot of weight, she's lost a lot of muscle mass. She's sort of like, she
can't walk. You know.

Riz: Can she sleep?

Ragh: She doesn't, she doesn't, really. She'll go out for a few minutes here
or there, but she, it's not like us where you're walking around for the whole
day, and you get tired and go to sleep for a lot of hours a night.

Riz: Right. I wonder if she can't sleep. Because if she sleeps--

Fig: Then she'll be taken control of.

Ragh: Yeah, sorry to unload all that stuff on you guys.

Kristen: No, it's really helpful and brave.

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: It's good stuff.

Adaine: Yeah, better out than in.

Kristen: [to Adaine] Okay, so we know your parents are involved. Should we go
to Aelwyn or should we try to find your parents?

Riz: We can probably stop at, try to find out what's up with Garthy O'Brien,
maybe on the way to Aelwyn, 'cause it's all in the sea, right?

Fabian: Leviathan is definitely in the sea.

Fig: I mean, definitely if we went down to the port, we could try to hear, we
could try to ask some people about Garthy O'Brien.

Adaine: Hey Fig.

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: Can you call Dr. Asha?

Fig: Yes.

Adaine: And see if they know anything?

Fig: I did the same move that I did tonight, but it worked.

Zac: Do you have your phone?

Emily: I don't have my phone.

Lou: But you have Dr. Asha's number memorized, right? I'm assuming you--

Emily: Yeah. It's a tattoo.

(laughter)

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: Ah, oh. Sweetheart. Who is Dr. Asha?

Kristen: He's just a 40 year old doctor.

Fig: I love middle aged men. Who work honest, middle class jobs.

Sandra Lynn: Sweetie, a doctor is not a middle class job.

Fig: He works in the emergency room, it's different, he's not a specialized
doctor.

Sandra Lynn: (sighs) Okay. Does he know that he's dating a minor?

Fig: We're not dating. And there's nothing minor (laughter) going on between
us.

Sandra Lynn: My daughter is a rich rock star, and I have, I feel that I've
lost complete control. As a mother, I feel I've lost complete control.

Brennan: You see that Gilear goes,

Gilear: Up top. [raises his hand for a high-five]

(laughter)

Brennan: And Sandra Lynn says, I'm not gonna up top that, Gilear.

Fabian: I will! Ba!

[Gilear cries out in pain]

Ally: I whisper to Fig--

Kristen: [quietly] We're gonna get them back together on this trip.

Fig: [quietly] I want, I want Gilear to join Jawbone and my mom.

Kristen: That's a great plan.

Fabian: I would love that.

Fig: He, you know, I think he's not good one on one, but I think joining a
party, he can really--

Kristen: I think he's not good one on one.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: But I think--

Gorgug: [at a normal volume] Is he good with any number?

Fig: A great compliment.

Adaine: We're in a small van.

Kristen: [normal volume] Whenever a relationship isn't working, add a third.
That's what I learned from this binder that I found.

Gorgug: Should I add a third?

Kristen: (laughs) Yeah!

Brennan: Cool, is there business before you guys all go to bed that night?

Emily: I just want to apologize to Gorthalax. As privately as I can.

Brennan: You apologize to Gorthalax. You cannot hear a response. But you
feel--

Fig: You know, apology isn't about getting an it's okay. It's about saying it
'cause they deserve it.

Brennan: You feel your warlock spell slot restored in your body.

Fig: (whispers) Thank you!

(soft laughter)

Fig: (normally speaking) I think he's okay, he's in there, everyone, he's in
there!

Kristen: Is there any risk of that accidentally falling on your chest while
you're sleeping and it sinking in and consuming you, or not to be, you know.

Fig: Yeah, I would maybe--

Kristen: Too blunt, Ragh, I'm sorry. But did she have to cast a spell and
shove it into her chest?

Ragh: She was, her, the rest of her adventuring party bit it, and they had
done the spell work already to break a lot of the curses on the gem, so she
was just kind of the last step.

Fig: I think also, not to be, you know, too much of a disservice to myself,
but I think that half orc barbarian is gonna have a lot more oomph to the
thrust than a bard.

Kristen: Okay, cool. Good to know.

Fig: I think I couldn't even if I tried.

Fabian: Good.

Brennan: You see that the--

Emily: Inspiration.

Brennan: So you cuddle up with the gem. You see that Sandra Lynn looks over at
you, Adaine, and says,

Sandra Lynn: Well, Madam Oracle, you want to take the first watch?

Adaine: I would love to take second watch so that I can get my long rest in
and then I will have spell slots.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Sandra Lynn: Oh, if you need to be doing rest, you, we need you at your--

Adaine: But I only need four hours of trance.

Sandra Lynn: Well, unfortunately, sweetie, there's 11 of us and only nine can
fit in the van. So that's as--

Adaine: Well, but I can trance outside the van, 'cause I don't need
protection. From--

Sandra Lynn: Okay!

Adaine: 'Cause I--

Sandra Lynn: Sure! You'll be outside the van, maybe in that case, I'll get one
more pair of eyes, no, you know what? That's fine. I'll, you know, 'cause I
can let someone else ride--

(Emily coughs)

Sandra Lynn: Or sleep in the van.

Emily: I'm sorry.

Sandra Lynn: That's fine. I'll keep watch.

Adaine: Thanks.

Brennan: So snuggling up, you see that, there really are, you know when the
crease in between the back and the seat of a car seat, there are blankets in
that, and if you push through, there are literally little rooms made of folded
blanket that are very warm and swaddling. There's snacks in them and stuff
like that.

Ally: Cute.

Brennan: Tracker and you cuddle up in one, Riz, you're in there as well.
Fabian, you find a little spot in there. Gorgug, is there anything you do as
you're--? Yeah, right, you see Ragh, Cathilda, find a little space as well.

Zac: I think Gorgug just kind of sleeps on, across the front two seats. Like
uncomfortably.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Just like, just like, in case I have to, you know, it's like, he's like,
likes his stuff too much.

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: The handbrake is sticking right into your ribs.

Brennan: Give me a perception check.

Zac: Nine.

Brennan: The van's gonna give you advantage on that one.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: You see the van is talking to you, and going,

Van: Dude, sorry to interrupt, I know you're trying to catch some Z's, but
check it out. I just found a setting in here that waterproofs the van. And we
can, like, there's like--

Brennan: You see the van pops out a little gnomish single engine propeller,
like a little water propeller on the back.

Zac: What? So the van's a boat?

Van: Dude! Amphibious mode unlocked, bro!

Gorgug: I think we just found your last name.

Van: What's my last name?

Gorgug: Boat.

(laughter)

Emily: Van Boat! (laughs)

Van: Toot toot, Van Boat on deck! On deck?

Gorgug: On deck, man! (laughs)

Van: Dude, check it!

Brennan: And you look down. Your phone is open to the text from Zelda, and for
a flash, a little ellipsis comes up underneath the text.

Ally: No!

Brennan: And then it goes away.

Gorgug: Aw, man. Okay.

Zac: I just put my--

Brennan: You hear a rumbling outside the window and you hear,

Hangman: Coward!

Fabian: Bike! Stop!

Hangman: Master! We've got to get, look, I hate this van, but if we're going
to get girls onto or into vehicles--

Zac: You saw that?

Hangman: Mm, I was listening in.

(laughter)

Fabian: My bike is very jealous, I was honestly going to say we shouldn't
mention the fact that the van has an amphibious mode to him. He will be
jealous.

Brennan: You see that the van says, says,

Van: Hey, man. It's up to you, you know? In matters of the heart, the best
thing you can do is just move with kindness and try to be true to yourself.

Gorgug: Thanks, Van Boat.

Van: You got it.

Brennan: You see the last little scene in here is, Fig, you're holding your
gem there, and you see, you're in the very back seat. And sort of moving along
through the van,

Gilear: I don't begin to understand the extradimensional spaces created by the
blankets in this van. (sighs)

Fig: Hi!

Gilear: Darling daughter.

Fig: Yeah.

Gilear: How are you feeling now?

Fig: (sighs) I feel like I had one of the worst days I've had in a while.

Brennan: Hmm.

Fig: And I still feel like I'm the reason that we're all here, and I know I'm
the reason that Gorthalax is here, and I'm the reason that you died, and I'm
the reason that Riz almost died. (sighs) And I'm also the reason that some
innocent officer's probably gonna get fired.

Gilera: What?

Fig: We'll just ignore the last one. (soft laughter) I just can't believe that
someone, I, I can't believe that once I was like, okay, I'm gonna try to
connect with people more because I need to have a healthy relationship with
someone instead of (sighs) tricking all these middle aged men, and as soon as
I do, I get absolutely taken for a ride. And you, someone used my body. And
there's nothing I could do to have stopped it.

Gilear: Figueroth, there are dark forces at work in this world. But even when
there's not, control is often an illusion. I can never stop anything from
happening. And I think most people come to terms with that, and I think only
because you and your friends are so exceptional do you feel such a pain around
failure. Failure is an anomaly for heroes of your status, but it is still an
inevitability. There will be times when you are not strong enough. And I don't
wish for you to add further injury to yourself.

Fig: But I just feel like everyone else resisted, and I was the weak one. I
just feel like I let everyone down. Yeah, failure's inevitable, but I feel a
lot more comfortable if we all failed together and it wasn't just me who
failed.

Gilear: Darling, I love you very much. You succumbed to power of Nightmare,
you were possessed for a short time. Your biological father, a powerful prince
of the nine hells failed once again to not get stuck in a rock.

Fig: Okay, you don't need to cast aspersions on him just, this is not--

Gilear: And I, and I failed to not get absolutely rocked in the dome by a
gorilla demon.

(laughter)

Fig: Gilear.

Gilear: Failure is a part of life.

Fig: Gilear, listen to me. (whispers) You have a part to play yet.

Gilear: What?

Fig: (whispers) You have a--

Gilear: I know, tour manager, it's on my lanyard.

Fig: This is why you're the chosen one. 'Cause you're so innocent, and so--

Gilear: All right, you're, okay. Well, here's the thing. I care about you,
your mother and I do talk and we are worried. The middle aged men, the tours.

(laughter)

Gilear: It just feels like a lot of lashing out. And I wish, I don't know.

Fig: If I'm being honest, I think what happened tonight with Commissioner
Buggins--

Gilear: Sorry, what?

(laughter)

Fig: Oh. Nevermind.

Gilear: I mean, I can't just breeze over that one.

Fig: Fine, I think that, I think that, (sighs) I think that my imagination
latched on to a fleeting moment I had with a police chief at a really
respectable police station. And I think that I wanted to think about that
instead of thinking about the fact that I got you killed and my dad trapped in
a gem. So I might have leaned into the middle aged thing a little more than I
should have.

Gilear: Okay.

Fig: Look, I'm on it, okay? I want to also have a healthy relationship with
someone someday.

Gilear: And I know that you will. All right. I'm going to (sighs) head off to
one of these little blanket pockets because there's one that does have some
transportable yogurt.

(laughter)

Gilear: You know, yogurt on the go.

Fig: I know, I have a--

Gilear: You don't need a spoon, it's just a tube.

Fig: I know, because it's on the rider.

Gilear: Ah!

Fig: For you.

Gilear: (laughs) Very good, my daughter. All right.

Brennan: And you see he toddles off. Adaine, what're you up to outside of the
van?

Siobhan: Well, I see the van turn into a boat and I get very paranoid and cast
Water Breathing as a ritual on myself and everybody else.

(all laugh)

Siobhan: Up to 10 people. And then I'm gonna just I guess camp out under the
stars.

Brennan: You see that without you even saying anything, while you're studying,
Sandra Lynn hops down off the van and literally builds a tent around you as
you study.

Adaine: Oh, can you, how do, I wanna, how do we, how do you do this?

Sandra Lynn: You're doing a thing I can't do. It's okay if I'm doing a thing
that you don't know how to do.

Adaine: Okay, or you could teach me.

Sandra Lynn: You wanna know how to pitch a tent?

Adaine: Yeah!

Sandra Lynn: All right.

Brennan: And you see that Sandra Lynn sort of walks you through some Ranger
basics of pitching a tent. And you see that she leaves you with a little
lantern afterwards and says,

Sandra Lynn: Don't stay up too late, huh?

Adaine: Oh I won't, I'm gonna get my four hours.

Sandra Lynn: Great, I'll be up here on watch, you're good.

Adaine: And then I can take over from you if you want.

Brennan: Cool. I'm gonna need Adaine to give me a wisdom saving throw.

Siobhan: Oh, can Boggy help me with it? Or is that coming out of nowhere so
probably not?

Brennan: I think that's coming out of nowhere.

Siobhan: A wisdom saving throw, eh? 16?

Brennan: Cool. You finally finish your studying. You turn off the little
lantern. What's Adaine doing to snuggle down for the night? Where's Boggy,
where's her orb?

Siobhan: I think Boggy is in the sleeping bag with me.

Ally: Cute!

Siobhan: Maybe I'm using his little--

Ally: As he breathes, he gets so small and then big again.

(all laugh)

Ally: He's almost moving you.

Siobhan: And then the orb is probably right where I can touch it just in case
if I get woken up I need to...

Brennan: Gotcha. You're settling down to sleep. You're in a trance. The runes
of your spell books going over and over in your mind, capturing the spell
slots you need for your new day, for your new rest. Give me a perception
check.

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: You open your eyes to feel Boggy's breathing stop very suddenly. And
you see his eyes go wide and shift into his something's-happening-
that-I'm-not-sure-about expression.

Siobhan: Can I see which way he's looking? Is he looking at a specific thing?

Brennan: You turn to look in your little sleeping bag. There is something in
the tent with you.

Siobhan: Can I cast Friends on it?

Brennan: You do cast Friends, give me an arcana check real quick.

Siobhan: Not nat 20.

Brennan: Casting Friends right now at this thing will allow you momentarily to
see its face with your elven darkvision because right now you see that its
face is obscured because it is humanoid, clothed but you can't see in bright
color enough so you're not sure what color the clothes are but there is
something roughly your size sitting with its knees to its chest with its hand
or arms wrapped around its knees, but the fold of fabric is obscuring
everything from the chest up, like the actually natural fold of the tent. If
you turn to cast Friends, you will be able to see this thing's face. Give me
an insight check very quickly.

Siobhan: 11.

Brennan: [slowly] If you see this thing's face, something is going to happen
to you.

Siobhan: Damn it.

Ally: We have to sleep tonight.

Emily: I'm so glad this isn't me. I would probably be like, "I wanna see the
face."

Lou: Show me the face.

(all laugh)

Emily: Show me the face!

Emily: I wanna see the face.

Lou: I'm ready to see the face.

Siobhan: Okay, I say,

Adaine: What're you doing in my tent?

[Brennan abruptly stops the background music]

Lou and Ally laugh quietly and hold their hands to their chests.

Brennan: There is no sign of movement or recognition from the being in
response to that question.

Adaine: God damn it. Guys! Hello, is anyone awake?

Brennan: You hear Sandra Lynn up on the van call out to you.

Sandra Lynn: Adaine, everything okay?

Adaine: No!

Brennan: You see that, Adaine, you hear her jump down. You look back and the
thing is gone.

Adaine: There's something here. I saw something, I definitely saw something.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn has arrow in the bow, immediately is looking
around. You see that she, yeah she's looking around and says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay, can you cast any detection spells? Anything to try to find
it?

Adaine: Yeah, I can cast, god, I don't have any, I have so few spells left. I
used all my spells today.

Sandra Lynn: Is there any chance that's it--

Adaine: I could cast Detect Thoughts.

Brennan: She looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: If you think that would help, you can.

Adaine: Do you think that would help?

Siobhan: Okay, I'll cast Detect Thoughts.

Brennan: [exhales] You detect, give me a investigation check.

Siobhan: Can I use Boggy this time?

Brennan: Yes you can. DC is 20.

Siobhan: I rolled two 11s, which means I got an 18.

Brennan: (exhales dramatically) Spell doesn't hit any thoughts but you know
that there's nothing thinking within 30 feet or whatever of the van.

Siobhan: Okay. (shouts) Can I look through Boggy's eyes and see anything using
his dark vision?

Brennan: You look through Boggy's eyes, yeah give me another investigation
check.

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you and says, you see that she whistles, Baxter
takes off and starts circling around. You see, Sandra Lynn looks at you. Give
me an insight check.

Siobhan: Eight.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay, Baxter's looking for it right now. I'm looking for it, you
cast Detect Thoughts there's nothing thinking here. We can wake up everybody
else in the van. I'm just gonna offer something to you right now. This is a
really scary quest. Are you certain you saw something? I understand, I
understand. If it was there, it's gone right now to the best of our knowledge.
Maybe it would be best if you went into the van and maybe Gilear can come out,
or Cathilda or somebody else.

Adaine: Okay, yeah. But I only need four hours and then I can come out.

Sandra Lynn: I know, Adaine, it'll be okay. It'll be okay.

Brennan: I will say for whatever Sandra Lynn is talking about, based on your
perceptions and investigations and everything else like that, I don't know if
Adaine would be left with a conviction that there was definitely something in
the tent with her. She stewards you into the van where the protective moon
haven that Tracker has created leaves a celestially-powered little extra-
dimensional space. Boggy croaks comfortingly and you're able to do your spells
not out on the hard earth, but in a soft little place of blankets. You see
that Cathilda comes out in her trainers on her way up to join Sandra Lynn. A
moment later, you see Cathilda pops into your little room and says,

Cathilda: Oh, Mistress Adaine, you have to forgive me but I noticed that you
look a little bit of a pallor on you while you walked in, so here's a nice
glass of milk and here's a little tray of fresh-baked cookies.

Adaine: When did you bake these? I mean, thank you, they look delicious.

Cathilda: What I did is I jerry-rigged a little grill tray on top of the
engine so it heats up and you can bake cookies while we're driving.

Adaine: Cathilda!

Cathilda: Oh please! What kind of maid would I be if I couldn't bake some nice
chocolate chip cookies on the engine of a moving van?

Adaine: You are so much more than a maid. Not that I want to dismiss the job
of maid as not being important because that is a life-saving job for a lot of
people.

Fabian: [yells] It's essential!

Adaine: Right.

Cathilda: Thank you very much, Master Fabian! My darling Adaine, I do
appreciate your kindness and I am well aware that Master Fabian has some
misconceptions about those of us in the custodial professions. The truth is,
before I was a maid I lived a life that was much richer in terms of glory and
risk and adventure and everything like that and honest can't say whether or
not I am worse off for making cookies and cleaning up and things like that. At
the end of the day, somebody needs to clean and cook and all that and I don't
know. I did a lot of more grand things in my youth and I don't know that they
did anybody, including myself, much of any good. But I do know that cookies
do.

Brennan: She smiles and says,

Cathilda: Also, just so you know, Captain Seacaster set my salary at an
exorbitant rate so I am--

Adaine: Oh good. That does make me feel better.

Cathilda: I'm not, this is not a bad gig for me.

Adaine: My parents actually, we did have unseen servants but they made me do a
lot of housework as a character building. You have to be able to serve to know
how to lead, that was my parents' attitude to everything.

Cathilda: Right, we got certain and there's a bit of wisdom in that to be
sure, although from what I've heard, your mother and father were...

Adaine: Not great?

Cathilda: Not great. Well, I'll leave you to your cookies then. Have a good
trance, milady.

Brennan: And you see that she leaves you with milk and cookies.

Siobhan: I have a little cry as she leaves. It's just the sweetest thing.

Brennan: And you hear her and Sandra Lynn. You haven't seen Sandra Lynn or
Cathilda kind of hang out, you know, one to one. You hear a kind of pleasant
humming conversation up there and realize that they seem to be getting along
swimmingly up on the roof of the van.

Ally: Cute.

Brennan: The next morning arrives. You all wake, nobody in the van has to make
any wisdom saving throws, no nothing. It looks like Tracker's plan worked.

Ally: Wow.

Emily: Great.

Gorgug: Glad we brought Tracker.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, definitely.

Tracker: Shucks, thanks, guys, appreciate it.

Gorgug: [embarrassed] Oh, I said that out loud.

Riz: Adaine, you came into the van in the middle of the night.

Adaine: Yeah. I saw something I think in my tent. I don't know I might have
just been paranoid or something.

Kristen: What did it look like?

Adaine: I didn't see its face and it didn't move and I tried to talk to it and
it didn't respond but it was, maybe I just freaked out, I don't know. Maybe it
was--

Fig: Hey Adaine? Seriously, we're working with an entity that is shielding
itself from detection. You are not, like. This is a very logical conclusion
that you jumped to.

Adaine: Yeah anyway, I stocked some spells that maybe can help us.

Riz: Did it have cat feet?

Siobhan: Did it have cat feet?

Brennan: No.

Adaine: No.

Siobhan: Did I see its feet? No.

Brennan: You saw its hands. It had, again you can't tell because your
darkvision doesn't read color that well, but it didn't have claws or paws. It
had humanoid-type hands. Honestly, its hands didn't look that threatening.
They looked kinda dainty and fancy.

Riz: How dainty were they?

Fig: Was it your mom?

Murph: No, was it Baron? I describe Baron.

Ally: No.

Brennan: The thing you saw was medium-sized, not small-sized.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

[Murph shudders at the memory of Baron]

Fig: Is it your mom?

Ally: Is Baron growing by the day?

Adaine: I feel like I would've recognized my mom.

Lou: [laughing] Baron is growing.

Murph: [laughing] That’s definitely--

Ally: Can I talk to Ragh?

Brennan: Yeah.

Kristen: Ragh, can you explain what you, were you hanging out with your mom
before, the night before we left for this thing or what was she like the night
before we took off on our big adventure?

Ragh: I mean, mostly good. She was happy for me 'cause I was probably gonna
have to,

Brennan: He gets a little choked up. He goes,

Ragh: I was probably gonna have to repeat this year if nobody asked me on an
adventure. But if our grades are good then I can graduate probably.

Fig: Do you have security on your house? Doesn't that seem--

Kristen: Cool, you probably don't need it.

Brennan: You see he says,

Ragh: Oh.

Brennan: He's like,

Ragh: Oh, you mean like,

Brennan: He's like,

Ragh: You mean like visible security?

Fig: I mean like any kind of security. It sounds like--

Gorgug: I think we're probably not talk--

Adaine: Professor Aguefort is looking after your mom right now.

Ragh: Yeah. No, she was an adventurer.

Fig: Professor Aguefort owes me a magical creature.

(Ally laughs)

Brennan: You see that he looks and says,

Ragh: What?

Zac: We're all Messaging this conversation about his mom, right?

Ally: Oh, probably.

Emily: Nothing, I just have a letter to send. Strongly worded.

Kristen: But yeah, so she wasn't asleep or anything? She was still very much
awake like she always is?

Brennan: You see he says,

Ragh: Yeah, she was awake and talking and stuff.

Kristen: Cool, cool.

Riz: Did she get worse after prom?

Ragh: No, not really.

Riz: Okay.

Kristen: Cool cool.

Adaine: Is there any way that we could talk to her? Give her a bell? Talk to
your mom?

Ragh: I don't wanna tell her any of this stuff.

Adaine: That's fair.

Kristen: Totally fair.

Murph: I think we've got this boat and we should go--

Emily: Can I real quick, I just wanna look, this is a totally unnecessary but
I just wanna look through that book that we found from the hotel and see if
Goldenhoard or KVX ever was there.

Brennan: You did not, you guys rolled really high on that. You would’ve, I
would've told you if you guys had seen KVX.

Siobhan: Can I do a Detect Magic as we're heading off?

Adaine: Are we going to Leviathan, is that our plan?

Fabian: Yes, well, we're on our way to Fallinel, by way of Leviathan.

Siobhan: Great, so as we're driving, can I Detect Magic as a ritual on this
hotel book, just to make sure that there isn't anything magically hidden?

Brennan: Sure. You don't spot any magic here.

Siobhan: Okay.

Gorgug: Can I ask you guys something on the way to the harbor?

Kristen: Totally.

Gorgug: I've been feeling not, feeling a little down and I was just wondering
if, when we get in the water, if you guys wouldn't mind calling me Skipper.

[pause]

Kristen: Yeah, man.

Fabian: Absolutely not.

Kristen: I'll definitely call you Skipper, yeah.

Gorgug: You'll call me Skipper?

Adaine: Why?

Gorgug: Okay, it doesn't have to be a, I just kinda--

Fig: Can I call you Skipper outside of the water as well?

Gorgug: Yeah, it's just, you know.

Kristen: Hey man, why have you been feeling down? What's up?

Gorgug: Well it's just some stuff, you know. I'm just kinda sad about where
I'm at with Zelda right now and I think it'd make me feel better to have, if
you would call me Skipper.

Adaine: Do you want us to text Zelda--

Gorgug: No.

Adaine: And tell her that you didn't leave...?

Gorgug: I left her a message.

Adaine: Right but like--

Kristen: You haven't heard from her since?

Riz: Is she going to The Red Waste?

Gorgug: I… I think. Yeah. I think maybe her adventuring party is. Is that…

Riz: That’s where Ragh’s--

Fig: That's where the crystals were.

Kristen: And they were doing a whole crystal thing.

Adaine: Yeah, I think that we should call Zel-- Do you want--? Can you do an
unknown number call to her?

Fig: Why not just one of us?

Kristen: Can we just call her? Just give her a call straight from you.

Fabian: Yes.

Gorgug: I'll call her.

Fabian: Leave her a voicemail, one of those things.

Fig: I think Riz could call her.

Riz: Yeah, I'm really good at talking to people.

Kristen: Absolutely not.

Riz: What?

Kristen: Gorgug, give her another call.

Gorgug: [getting irritated] I, I’ll give her a-- I can call her!

Kristen: She doesn't wanna be tricked into talking to you.

Fig: It wouldn't be tricked, Riz would just call because we have this
information about The Red West--

Emily: Red West. (laughs)

Fig: The Red Waste and we need to--

Fabian: It is west.

Fig: The Red Waste in the west.

Gorgug: Maybe you call her and I'll just--

Riz: But if we share that information it could put--

Fabian: Ragh at risk.

Adaine: What we could do is send her a letter

Fig: In illusory script?

Adaine: using illusory script.

Zac: Can we text with illusory script?

Siobhan: Can we text with illusory script?

Brennan: Give me a DC 15 arcana check.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: Can I give you the help action?

Siobhan: Great.

Emily: Can I give you bardic inspiration?

Siobhan: Arcana, oh I don't need it. I got a 19.

Brennan: One of your crystals has that little thing where you can stylus draw
fading things on it. And as soon as you get that, you can apply the illusory
script to it.

Siobhan: Amazing. So can I text Zelda the information that we got about Ragh's
mom?

Kristen: How do we feel about Zelda though? She's like for sure--

Adaine: Zelda rules.

Kristen: I mean, obviously, Zelda rules.

Fig: Yes, but we all thought Goldenhoard ruled.

Gorgug: What are you even talking about? What are we talking about right now?

Kristen: I'm definitely not trying to insinuate that she, but I just, it feels
like her adventuring party, maybe something was going on, I remember.

Adaine: Yes.

Fabian: I cannot help but agree with Adaine in that Zelda is a perfectly
capable adventurer and it feels like maybe we don't need to enter this realm
of risk for her benefit.

Gorgug: I don't wanna, okay.

Kristen: You should call her if you wanna talk to her about your relationship
but I guess we don't have to tell her all of this crazy stuff.

Gorgug: I think that and separately we should maybe give them a heads up if
they're gonna get in danger.

Adaine: Well but if they're investigating something--

R: They're investigating something at The Red Waste.

Adaine: Yeah and if they're investigating something that's tangential to ours
we can help each other.

Fig: I think it's good to share the information. I just wanna, can we--

Riz: We should just maybe tell her to keep it a secret to herself.

Fig: That's what I was gonna say.

Adaine: Are we graded on a curve, because if we are, then we should avoid them
but if we're not, then we should help them.

Gorgug: Adaine, come on.

Fig: Wow, that was dark.

Riz: That was tragic.

Kristen: We're not graded on a curve.

Fabian: I’m sorry, what?!

Fig: That was so dark.

Kristen: That was tragic.

Fabian: Truly the darkest thing that's been said so far.

Fig: Wow. Hoo! Can I smoke in here again?

Adaine/Fabian/Kristen: No!

(Gorgug coughs)

Kristen: You're doing it anyway! We can tell.

Fig: I'm not, I'm not.

Zac: Alright, so I’ll just start driving--

Adaine: Oh my goodness.

Siobhan: I cast Ray of Frost on that.

Emily: I cast Hellish Rebuke and light it back up.

Zac: I’ll just start driving into the--

Murph: Let’s drive, just drive into the ocean.

Kristen: That sounds good, Skipper.

Riz: Skipper, drive us into the ocean.

Siobhan: I cast Water Breathing on us again so that we're all safe.

Emily: If we have Water Breathing on us, can I swim and retrieve my phone that
I threw into the river?

Siobhan: It's in the river. The police definitely already have that.

Brennan: You guys can take, yeah, you think that probably the phone would've
been retrieved by the police at this point.

Adaine: We can buy you a new phone. We have so much money.

Fabian: Yes, we're rich.

Fig: I just had some pictures on there.

Zac covers his face.

Adaine: Well they're definitely dead. They're not there anymore.

Fabian: [laughing] Wow, wow.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn just goes,

Sandra Lynn: [closing her eyes][grimacing] God!

Brennan: And Gilear goes,

Gilear: [groansp Oh dear. Yeah, this is another one right on the chin for old
Gilear. This is, it just hurts so much to have failed this profoundly.

Brennan: You see that [laughs] you guys head off towards the water. Fabian,
you're on the Hangman.

Fabian: I'm not gonna call him Skipper, alright? He's not a captain, he's
never even sailed a boat before.

Gorgug: [singing] My van is a boat, my boat is a van.

Van: [singing] My van is a boat, my boat is a van.

Fig/Kristen/Riz: The van is a boat, the boat is a van.

Brennan: The most Jack Johnson-y, just that's all the van plays.

Lou: Oh my god.

Murph: [singing] Making banana pancakes.

Brennan: You guys head off towards--

Murph: Making banana van cakes.

(all laugh)

Zac: What?

Lou: What?

Zac: Banana boat cakes?

Brennan: As you all head off to the harbor, you see that Sandra Lynn actually
does go. Sandra Lynn, you see that Sandra Lynn says, talks with Tracker
briefly and Tracker's gonna go fly up on Baxter.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: And Sandra Lynn's gonna take a little trance. You guys head off. You
guys approach the harbor. You pull up, you see that the van looks at you, or
doesn't look but the headlights flash on, the radio plays, and on the radio it
says,

Van: Well, it's bon voyage time. Hangman, if you wanna hop up on the rack,
then we can set sail for clear blue seas. That good ocean living.

Gorgug: Climb aboard, Hangman.

Fabian: [quietly] Hangman, it's your call.

Hangman: [quietly] I burn with hatred for this van. I would sooner drive into
the sea and ride along the bottom of the ocean.

Adaine: Pleeease?

Brennan: Make a persuasion check with advantage.

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: 15.

Kristen: Okay, Hangman, look we're going to pirate central. Isn't that your
thing?

Fabian: He's a demon, not a pirate, he looks--

Ally: Oh, 19!

Brennan: 19.

Fig: Hangman, this is what Bill Seacaster would've wanted.

Brennan: Give me a persuasion with advantage.

Emily: I think I have good persuasion. 24.

Brennan: Whoa! So he says,

Hangman: Do you truly believe Captain Bill Seacaster would wish for me to
strap myself to the top of this van?

Fig: You're making it sound bad but what he would want for you is to taste the
salt in the air and feel the wind in your pipes.

Ally: Fig is really good, you guys.

Gorgug: [to Fabian] Do you wanna be the captain?

Fabian: I mean, there's already Skipper, so--

Gorgug: No, you can be the captain and I'll be the skipper.

Adaine: Isn't that the same thing?

Fabian: That's not really how a ship--

Gorgug: I don't know.

Adaine: It is.

Gorgug: No, I don't think so.

Riz: We can make up our own rules.

Kristen: Yeah.

Fabian: I guess, fine I'll (sighs)

Kristen: I guess I'll be first mate.

Brennan: You see Ragh goes,

Ragh: And I'll be king of the boat!

(all laugh)

Kristen: Yeah!

Fabian: Hangman, I need you.

Brennan: Hangman looks at you and says,

Hangman: For the new Captain Seacaster, and the old.

Brennan: (imitates motorcycle engine revving) And you see he tires screech)
rides, hits the hood of the van, goes up onto the roof, and gets tied up
there. And you see that Baxter lands and puts one claw around the Hangman just
to hold it in place. You see that Hangvan goes,

Van: All right, everybody pile in, all aboard!

Kristen: All right, let's do this.

Fig: And we're sure that this is sea-ready, this vessel?

Fabian: I trust the--

Gorgug: Got a propeller.

Riz: Not really.

(Zac imitates water splashing)

Brennan: You guys drive, as you drive you see the (laughs) van boat begins to
head into the harbor. It goes,

Van: Toot toot!

Brennan: And these big old gnomish pontoons inflate around the front and sides
of the van. And you see he says,

Van: Get ready for the spring break road trip of our lives, gang. Heck yeah.

[chill ukulele music starts playing]

Fig: Adaine, can I grab something from your Jacket of Many Things?

Adaine: Yeah, what do you want?

Fig: I need a phone that's my same phone number.

Adaine: That is worth 10 gold pieces?

Fig: It can be a cheap one, just the same phone number.

Fabian: Pre-paid.

Fig: Pre-paid.

Siobhan: I pull out a full 1980’s style brick phone.

Fig: Cool, great, thanks.

Adaine: Uh-huh.

Kristen: Hey, can I look at that bag of gems again?

Fig: Yeah absolutely, have at it.

Ally: Are there any gems in here that kind of look like the ruby that she
stole from that jewelry spot?

Brennan: The only things you saw that were that large and flawlessly cut were
the ones that had gone into the van here and the devil's heart it's holding.

Ally: Those were the only two? There's nothing that kinda looks like it?

Brennan: There are other nice gems but all of them are quite small or are not
as finely cut.

Siobhan: But do they, they're all... Like, when I did the Identify spell,
they're components of the magical jar? They all have things trapped inside
them?

Brennan: Yes, they all look to have magical things trapped inside them. You
see that Cathilda, by the way, comes sort of, the van is much larger for her,
comes around. She apparently at some point bought little plastic coconut drink
holders and starts passing out little coconut--

Ally: Oh my god, this is amazing.

Emily: Can I do a perception check on Cathilda?

Brennan: Make a what?

Emily: Perception check.

Brennan: Sure.

Murph: Is Cathilda the new Porter?

Lou: I love Cathil--

Emily: A dirty 20. Can we trust her? The cookies, I wanna know about the
cookies she gave Adaine last night.

Brennan: You glare at Cathilda as she passes by. She looks at you and says,

Cathilda: Oh, Mistress Fig, would you like a virgin daiquiri?

Fig: Only if you taste it first.

(Ally laughs)

Cathilda: You worried that I've poisoned your daiquiri?

Fig: Do I need to be?

Cathilda: I don't know. Maybe you lie so much that you're always worried other
people are doing it.

Fabian: Fig, she's a maid! She can't lie!

Ally: Slam down!

Adaine: That's not true.

Fabian: Maids aren't allowed to lie. It's a maid law or something, I don't
know.

Cathilda: Now, Fabian, you know that I made a joke about maid law many years
ago and I've insisted ever since I made it that it's not true.

Fabian: It sounded very real. It feels like there would be a code that maids
would follow, something that keeps maid society together.

Cathilda: I understand, would you like a virgin daiquiri?

Fabian: Of course I want one!

Fig: Yeah, okay.

Gorgug: No thanks, I'm driving.

[Murph bursts out laughing]

Ally: Am I, on the subject of world religions, do I have anything that I can
be reading about demons?

Siobhan: Oh, and the planetar as well maybe.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a religion check for me.

Ally: All right. Interesting. Okay, that's a 11.

Brennan: You don't find anything about, planetars are a very powerful type of
angel, second only to solars. They're just a powerful form of angel.

Murph: Question, how do you, this is such a... I feel like Riz, as soon as he
sees the open air and everybody chilling, is completely incapable of chilling
and goes inside and starts spiraling into conspiracy theories. How do you
spell Garthy?

Brennan: G-A-R-T-H-Y.

Murph: An H, huh? I immediately come out with a bunch of pins and papers put
together and say,

Riz: Garthy O'Brien, I thought it sounded weird like a fake name. You can
spell “night” in there and I don't know what the other word is but it's all
mixed up and night… orby, maybe? What is a night orby? Have you thought about
it?

Gorgug: A night orby?

Riz: I don't know what the second word is.

Siobhan: Is O'Brien O-B-R-I-E-N or O-B-R-I-A-N?

Brennan: E-N.

Lou: Fabian jumps in the water.

[Murph laughs]

Lou: He's swimming.

Brennan: Just swimming in the beautiful sea. It's a beautiful day, you're
swimming along, you're heading out, you can see the Solisian coast fading
behind you.

Ally: Can I do a little something with the--

Fabian: The Ball, come down!

Ally: I'm gonna get a gem. They already have people in it, nevermind.

Adaine: Night bore. Night rope, no.

Emily: Are they people?

Ally: Or different spells--

Brennan: You see Cathilda and the other two adults watch a van full of
children unable to sit still or be happy and just kind of hold their heads.

Gorgug: Night yorb!

Riz: Night yorb, that's what I have right now.

Brennan: You see the Hangman on top says,

Hangman: The Night Yorb. What know you of the Night Yorb?

Fabian: Is the night orb a thing, Hangman?

Riz: Yorb!

Gorgug: Night yorb.

Riz: It's yorb!

Fabian: Oh, yorb, I'm sorry.

Riz: You can't forget the Y.

Brennan: You see that the van goes,

Van: Oh man, yeah the Night Yorb is bad news.

Fabian: Wait, is it actually a thing or are you guys playing a joke?

Hangman: No, I would never joke about a being as terrifying as the night yorb.

Emily: You can almost spell Gilear.

(Murph laughs)

Lou: This orb. Fabian gets out--

(all laugh)

Gilear: How often in sleuth stuff does almost making an anagram come up? A
lot?

Adaine: You tell us.

Ally: I have an idea. I would like to take all the gems. Is the bag decorative
and memorable, that they were all in? Or is it just a bag?

Brennan: It's a lovely little velvet pouch.

Ally: Okay, I wanna take all the gems out and have you put it in something
else. A sock. And then I wanna cast Glyph of Warding on this bag with
exploding runes in it. Just in case someone comes back, yeah.

Emily: Oh so if someone tries to steal it.

Ally: They'll take a shitton of acidic damage.

Fig: Kristen Applebees, that is genius.

Kristen: So no one open this bag!

Ally: And then I go around individually to people and say,

Kristen: This is a fake bag.

Fig: Let's put it in the glove compartment. 'Cause that seems like a place
that people would try to rob us.

Adaine: Nice.

Kristen: Yeah. Wait, actually I'm just gonna keep it on my person just in
case. Gilear is always looking for yogurt.

Ally: I put it in my jacket.

Fig: He's like a squirrel. Okay, that's good.

Kristen: If we're ever running away from something, maybe I can accidentally
drop it and they'll think that they got it back.

Fig: That's good.

Brennan: You, as you're heading out to sea, music's playing, having a little
fun, Fabian's swimming out in the ocean. You get a call on your crystal in the
front seat from Zelda.

Gorgug: Captain or first mate, please take over.

Lou: I, uh, yeah.

Kristen: Definitely, I outrank you. [grips the steering wheel]

Lou: I swim up, what? I cannot.

Zac: Gorgug tries to find whatever would amount to privacy on this.

Brennan: Cool, you proably, the only things on top of the van are The Hangman
and Baxter.

Zelda: Okay I'll go up there.

Gorgug: What's up, y'all?

Brennan: The phone rings and you hear Zelda's voice.

Zelda: Hey, Gorgug.

Gorgug: Hey. Did you get my message?

Zelda: Yeah, I got it.

Gorgug: I just wanted to say how sorry I was because I don't really have a
good excuse but it just felt, I, yeah I'm sorry. It was, like I said, I don't
have an excuse but yeah, how are you?

Zelda: I don't know, you know? I'm okay. I spent last night over at Antiope's
house with Katja, just kinda hanging out or whatever. Played some crystal
games and… Yeah, I don't know. It just sucks, this doesn't feel good.

Gorgug: Well, I just hope that you know that I would never do something like
that on purpose and I still really, you know, care about you and our
relationship and it just, I'm excited to see you when I get back and I hope
your stuff is going well.

Zelda: Yeah, I'm excited too. I don't know, I really care about you a lot and
it just kinda, I don't know, Gorgug, it just kinda sucks because--

Gorgug: What do you mean, you don't know?

Zelda: Look, I'm so glad that Fig and Riz are okay. I know how stressful it
is. And if we're gonna be a couple, like a relationship, these kinds of things
are always gonna come up. This is what an adventurer's life is and I know that
you were busy and it makes me feel bad that I'm even upset because obviously
you were doing something heroic, but you did stop at the mall, right? You did
swing by to get Cathilda. There were other things on your mind. It wasn't like
you were just racing to get them and it's just, look, I just think sometimes
you think that you're awkward or whatever, or you think that, you still think
you're this loser guy, but you're a rockstar, literally a rock star. And you
play on the Owlbears and you literally saved the world and it's not crazy for
me to worry that--

Gorgug: I didn't think it was crazy that you were worried. You're right, I
totally had the time to, I should've called you, I should've texted you. I
should've seen you in person before I left. I know that, yeah, I guess maybe I
have some confidence issues I need to work on but--

Zelda: But I think it's like your confidence issues keep you, like, from doing
the-- because you don't, like, realize how important you are to some people,
you like end up hurting people. I don't know. But I don't know. We can also,
[static] We can...

Gorgug: We can do what?

Zelda: We can talk about this more later. Did you hear me?

Gorgug: It sounded like there was a weird noise there for a second.

Brennan: She says,

Zelda: Oh, I, uh, well, I, [static] If you--

Gorgug: Hey, we're getting closer, we're going to Fallinel right now, if you
can hear me. I'm maybe losing service right now, can you hear me?

Zelda: No, I can still hear you. Okay, but just give me a call tonight. Just
give me--

Gorgug: I'll try to, I'm worried that we won't have service, but I will--

Zelda: Well, you said you were gonna get the generator right?

Gorgug: The generator?

Zelda: You said that you were gonna get a thing so that we could call each
other.

Gorgug: I thought...

Zelda: [static] You said you were gon-- Gorgug, you said you were gonna get
a-- I ca-- [static] We're br- breaking up.

The cast looks on, devastated.

Lou: Oh, damn.

Gorgug: Hey, what did you say?

Ally: Oh no.

Zac: Try to put Baxter on my arm.

Brennan: Giant claw on your forearm.

Zac: I just sit up here for a while.

[Gorgug sighs]

Van: Everything good up there on top of the van, hombre?

Gorgug: I'm just gonna hang out up here. I think, you don't happen to have
some kind of powerful generator in you, right?

Van: I'm generating, yeah, I have a powersource.

Gorgug: For cell service, so I can--

Van: Yeah.

Gorgug: Really?

Van: Yeah!

Gorgug: Can you turn it on?

Van: Sure, just plug in a cell tower and I can power that bad boy right up.

Zac: Gorgug tries to make a cell tower.

(all laugh)

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an intelligence roll with disadvantage.

Gorgug: Hangman, can I borrow some pipes?

Ally: Double 20s.

Zac: Okay. 11.

Brennan: 11 does not allow you to make a cell phone tower.

Siobhan: Can I maybe pull one, how expensive is a cell phone tower?

Ally: Definitely 10 gold pieces.

(Emily coughs)

Siobhan: Yeah, 10 gold pieces.

Lou: Exactly.

Siobhan: Or maybe 10 different components that I could pull out that then--

Lou: Slowly just start building.

Siobhan: Join together.

Lou: Bolt, bolt, nut, bolt.

Brennan: You guys head out to sea.

Siobhan: Oh, brutal.

Fig: Gorgug, just so you know, I also kinda messed up a sure thing yesterday
too.

Gorgug: What kinda sure thing were you talking about?

Fig: I'm talking about relationships.

Gorgug: Yeah, who?

Fig: That I can't really talk about.

Ally: I kinda just grab Fig and pull you away. [laughs] I'm pulling you away.

Brennan: I will also ask for just insight checks from the party. Gorgug, you
can just give me a flat charisma check.

Siobhan: Can I have Boggy help me?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Emily: I have bad insight. Can I give a help to...

Brennan: Sure, yeah you can give a help to Riz.

Ally: 21.

Murph: That's a 4. 22.

Siobhan: I also got a 21.

Brennan: What did you get, Riz?

Murph: 22.

Gorgug: Can I do an insight if it's better than my charisma?

Brennan: I'm actually asking you for a charisma check.

Zac: Oh.

Brennan: What'd you get?

Zac: 4.

Brennan: 4, what did Fabian get?

Lou: 2.

Brennan: 2\. Okay so, and what'd you get for your insight?

Emily: Oh, I gave mine to, oh, I just got a nat 20 actually.

Brennan: Nat 20, great. So literally every single one of the Bad Kids can
immediately tell what's just happened on the roof. You can hear it, except
Fabian who assumes that everything is completely fine up there.

Fabian: Guys, this is gonna be a great spring break.

(all laugh)

Lou: Then I swan dive back into the ocean.

Fabian: You guys gotta come swimming!

Brennan: You see Ragh goes,

Ragh: Cannonball!

(Brennan imitates water splashing)

Gorgug: We're going forward, aren't we?

Fabian: Come back, come back!

Riz: Round number two!

Ally: I sincerely can’t.

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: Oh god, dumbasses.

Brennan: And jumps up on her griffin and picks them out of the ocean to be
like,

Sandra Lynn: Do you have any idea how bad it is to go overboard on--

Fabian: Drop us, no, drop us, drop us!

(Brennan imitates water splashing)

(Lou shouts)

Ally: I have my ice cream pouch, my ice cream sandwich pouch, so I think I
take out an ice cream sandwich and give it to Gorgug, like,

Kristen: Man, that sucks.

Gorgug: Thank you.

Fig: I don't wanna push you in a direction you're not ready for yet, but--

Emily: I put the drumsticks in his hand.

Gorgug: I can't hold that right now.

Fig: If anything comes to you, 'cause a lot of times these are the feelings
that we mine that turn into gold.

Gorgug: I guess.

Fig: Platinum.

Gorgug: Lyrics-wise, the first things that come into my head are, "I'm feeling
really bad and my van is a boat.”

[the other Bad Kids start to sing with him but stop once they realize the next
verse is different]

Gorgug: “I'm feeling really sad and my boat is a van.”

Kristen: Oh okay, oh that's good actually.

Fig: “Feeling really bad and my van is,” okay yeah.

Riz: [singing] The Night Yorb is coming for us.

(all laugh)

Kristen: The Night Yorb!

Riz: Is coming for us.

Brennan: You see that The Hangman goes,

Hangman: Speak not of the Night Yorb!

Fabian: Guys, don't talk about the Night Yorb! Ragh, stop pushing me over!

Riz: Van, is there something called night by OAR? Is there?

Adaine: Or Night Araboy.

Gorgug: Where's the Y?

Fabian: In Garthy.

Riz: [in unison with Fabian] Garthy.

Gorgug: Oh, okay.

Brennan: You see that the van says,

Van: [Bluetooth connection tones] Playing Night by Oar.

[Murph and Ally laugh]

Gorgug bites his ice cream.

(soothing music)

Adaine: Oh it's very chill.

Riz: This song rules.

Kristen: Honestly, this song is great.

Fabian: Yeah.

Adaine: Sick uke.

Fig: I really wish the van would play a little more rock and roll.

Van: If you guys have music, you can just play it straight from your phone.

Kristen: Into an aux cord?

Fig: Oh, is that consent?

Adaine: I don't think that your phone, I don't think your phone has--

Kristen: Yeah your phone, specifically, is not gonna play anything.

Emily: I try with my brick phone.

Brennan: You put your brick phone in there. It says,

Phone: To add more minutes, press star.

Murph: Riz puts on a really old "This American Life".

Brennan: "This Solisian Life", yes.

Murph: "This Solisian Life".

Brennan: You put on a very old "This Solisian Life".

Radio: This week, wondrous items. Who makes them, and how are they created?

Kristen: Hard no. Hard no.

Riz: I love this one.

Murph: I put down the windows.

Kristen: It's like they purposefully look for a smaller and smaller story each
episode. I don't wanna hear two hours about the bassoon.

Riz: “This week, cantrips, how do we cast them?”

Adaine: I love the cantrip episode.

Riz: Yeah, it’s so good.

Adaine: I learned so much!

Riz: You think they're not spells just because they're level zero spells.

Zac: Gorgug puts his headphones on.

Kristen: Gorgug can, oh.

Brennan: You guys see Gilear says,

Gilear: There's one I want to listen to.

Brennan: He pushes the button. You see it goes,

Radio: This week on “This Solisian Life,” 50 feet of hemp rope. Why do so many
people seem to have this?

(all laugh)

Riz: Why do they have the rope, Gilear? I don't know.

Fig: I like this. This sounds like a nice respectful middle-aged man. I could
listen to this.

Brennan: Gorgug, you put your headphones on and Zelda's playlist comes on.

Gorgug sighs and bites his ice cream again.

Brennan: You guys sail into the wide open ocean. I'm gonna need somebody here
to make a... I guess Gorgug is the one driving, so go ahead and make a flat
wisdom check for me.

Zac: Oh boy.

Siobhan: You have Boggy.

Fig: Hey, Gorgug? You've got this.

Emily: That means you have inspiration.

Zac: How many do I add?

Emily: A D8.

Lou: D6. Wow, a D8, damn.

Siobhan: Don't add it unless you need it.

Zac: So with the help from Boggy, Gorgug takes the wheel. That's 16. 21?

Brennan: 21, awesome. You sail the van over the wide open sea expertly.

Adaine: Sally Brown was a nice young lady!

Brennan: Weigh, hey, roll and go.

Riz: My van is a boat, my boat is a van.

Kristen: I'm sad~

Brennan: Cool, I'm gonna go ahead and let's see how many days you guys are at
sea. You are at sea for two days. What I would like from you guys now is, who
are the people that-- Oh, is anyone planning on spending the night up on top
of the van because only nine people can sleep at a time.

Emily: Can I do it? Can I go on top of the van but sleep? Do it for the
experience of how nice it would be?

Siobhan: Yeah, can we take turns? If we're taking two days, we can take turns
sleeping inside.

Murph: Basically all the kids can stay inside, right?

Lou: The hirelings should go on top of the van.

Emily: But I'm saying I think it might be nice.

Brennan: Yeah, night one, Fig if you wanna go there, you see your mom looks at
you and says,

Sandra Lynn: Why don't we spend the night on the van together?

Fig: Yeah that sounds great. Hey, you trust Cathilda, right?

Sandra Lynn: Sweetheart, yes. Yes I trust Cathilda.

Zac: Can we give her Bless or Guidance or anything if you're gonna be on the
top of the--

Ally: Yeah, let's do it.

Murph: It didn't target Sandra Lynn before. Is there something about--

Fig: Oh, Mom, do I need to be in the van or could I, 'cause I might need to
sleep in the van.

Brennan: You see she says,

Sandra Lynn: Well you do sleep so if we're worried about that thing happening
again, we can, or if you want, we could try to protect you up here.

Fig: I don't wanna put anything on you. I'll just go to sleep in there. I just
thought it'd be nice to be under the stars but not.

Zac: We can hang out and then go to sleep for a minute.

Ally: It only lasts for a minute. Like less honestly.

Brennan: Cool, so the first night you guys are out there. She's like,

Sandra Lynn: If you wanna hang out for a couple hours "and then, you know.

Zac: You can maybe give them bardic inspiration if they're gonna sleep out
here.

Emily: Nah, I'm not gonna sleep out here. I'll just hang out, enjoy the stars.

Zac: For whoever has to be out here, I mean.

Brennan: You see your mom looks at you, and this beautiful night on the stars,
the night ocean. You're sitting on the roof of the van, feeling the wobble of
the sheet metal underneath you. But also mostly pitched back with Baxter's
enormous weight. So Baxter's become a furry feathery back sofa for you guys to
lean against.

Emily: I offer my mom a clove cigarette.

Brennan: She looks at you.

Sandra Lynn pauses and then takes a clove.

Emily: I knew it.

Sandra Lynn: What the fuck, right? We're adventuring.

Fig: Yeah, yeah.

Sandra Lynn: So what's up? You're making out with old guys?

Fig: Can we just smoke in silence? And not talk about that? I'm working on it.
I know you and Gilear and definitely Gorthalax and probably Jawbone and every
other adult in my life would advise me to stop doing that and I'm working on
it. It's a bad habit, right? You know something about that. Cigarettes, I'm
talking about the cigarettes.

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, that's what I thought. You're a piece of work, kid.

Fig: Well, you made me.

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, god, I guess I did. You're gonna be alright. It's hard, you
know? Not even, there's so many fun mistakes. And I think sometimes for me,
the idea of living for centuries gets daunting. You know the feeling of
vertigo, right?

Fig: Yeah.

Sandra Lynn: It's like, because you can fall, you almost want to. I think when
you got centuries staring you down, it's just this weight of, given enough
years, aren't I going to fuck this up? And if so, maybe I should just get it
out of the way. I don't know.

Fig: I guess I don't have centuries though.

Sandra Lynn: You might. Tieflings don't all live to be the same age. Some
tieflings live hundreds of years. That fiendish blood in you is not human.
It's not extra mortal.

Fig: I keep a pretty healthy lifestyle. [takes a drag]

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, real healthy. All right, you wanted us to shut up so let's
shut up.

Brennan: She reaches into her ranger pack and takes out a flask of whiskey and
hands it to you.

Emily: I was gonna be straight-edge except for drugs but okay. If I'm doing it
with my mom, yeah.

Zac: Straight-edge except for drugs.

Brennan: And you guys hang out looking at the stars that night. Lemme make
some quick...

Emily: I'll give her a bardic inspiration if she's making wisdom checks.

Brennan: Wisdom saves, cool, great. That's good to know. Second night, who all
is, the second night, you guys begin to see that it goes from sunny to
overcast. Who's gonna be out there on this starless night on the sort of black
ocean?

Siobhan: I will, just 'cause with Boggy I have darkvision.

Zac: I have darkvision as well.

Brennan: You see that Tracker looks and says… No, actually Tracker needs to
get her spells back to be able to create the moon haven. Cool, so you are
gonna go up there. Do you and Gorgug wanna go up there that second night?

Zac: Do we need two people to go up there?

Brennan: Yeah 'cause only nine can fit in the van and sleep at the same time.
Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: I will say this, I love being outside every night but one night
of trance on a soft thing would be great.

Adaine: I also, I didn't use any spells the previous day and so I can...

Sandra Lynn: Yeah great.

Kristen: Do you guys want a healer up there with you? 'Cause I could do it too
if you want. The three of us.

Gorgug: Sure.

Adaine: Yeah, okay.

Emily: 'Cause you guys could've presumably slept during the day.

Ally: Yeah, what're we gonna--

Siobhan: Well but who knows, if the Nightmare King...

Brennan: Cares about what time?

Siobhan: Cares about what time of night it is, it's just nightmares. It's not
nightmares.

Zac: You have the ability to give us bardic inspiration.

Emily: Yeah I think I would just, as you guys were going up the spiral
staircase to the top, I would give you all a little inspiration.

Siobhan: I love this crow’s next out there.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: We all hold hands.

Brennan: Lovely. Tracker's also gonna cast a second level spell on Gorgug to
give you advantage on wisdom saving throws.

Zac: Nice.

Brennan: Cool, you guys go kick it on top of the thing, looking--

Emily: I'll whisper,

Fig: Sandra Lynn left a flask of whiskey up there.

Adaine: Okay, I can just also...

Gorgug: Should I give it back to her?

Fig: Nah.

Gorgug: What?

Adaine: I don't need to steal anybody else's whiskey. I can just-- [gestures
to her jacket]

Fig: Okay, cool, I’m just trying to hook you guys up okay?

Adaine: I mean, no, look I have it in my--

Brennan: You guys look at endless black ocean. Less romantic than the starry
skies that Fig and Sandra Lynn got to see. What do you guys, as you are up
there before you're all going to sleep, what do you guys do up there on top of
the--

Ally: I think that I'd, I don't really have anything that I can cast.
Everything's a minute or something.

Zac: I'd like to think that Gorgug would have asked you this earlier, but,

Gorgug: Is there any way you could find a skipper's hat in that bag?

Adaine: Oh yeah, here we go.

Siobhan: I pull out a headscarf and put that on.

Kristen: Is there an eyepatch?

Adaine: Oh yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: I pull out one that looks identical but slightly shinier than the one
that Fabian has. It doesn't have any powers, it just looks cool.

Zac: And I think Gorgug's also trying to grab driftwood and stuff so he can
try to make a cell tower.

Siobhan: Oh actually, we have a minute. Can I, hang on.

Kristen: You know what, I think I wanna talk to you guys.

Ally: Oh sorry, cast what you want.

Brennan: Actually, Adaine in real life, in game life, is looking through her
spell books trying to find this while you're on the roof.

Siobhan: Can I conjure some minor elementals?

Brennan: Sure, you begin casting, it takes a minute to cast.

Kristen: I just wanted to say, and no one else can hear me, but I feel like
they'll hear the vibe of what I'm saying but you know, Gorgug, we aren't gonna
be good at our first relationships. I've messed up so many times with Tracker.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: You guys seem really good.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, but it took a lot, you know? It's just like--

Gorgug: You guys talk about sixtynining and stuff.

Kristen: Yeah and it took a long time to, at first I wouldn't talk about it at
all. And then I did a hard swing the other way.

Ally: Is it, I want this to count as an inspiring speech to give everyone temp
hit points.

Kristen: Yes yes yes.

Gorgug: I saw you the other day, it was like a playing card.

Kristen: What's that?

Gorgug: It’s like, have you ever seen a playing card? It has a head at the top
and a head at the bottom.

Kristen: Yeah, that was us, totally.

Gorgug: I didn't mean to see that.

Adaine: Yeah, we did talk about you doing that in the van and you did say that
you weren't gonna do it and just because it's a boat doesn't mean that--

Kristen: I mean, listen, everyone, I didn't come up here to be shamed. I
actually came up here to to release us all from night dreams.

Adaine: I'm not shaming you, I'm just holding you to your word.

Kristen: I just, look, it was a private--

Adaine: Public.

Kristen: S'more pouch and--

Gorgug: It's gonna get pretty inspiring soon.

[Emily laughs]

Kristen: Don't worry, here comes the inspiring part, okay? We watched
relationships on TV and we're like, “I'm sure when I get there, I'm gonna nail
it 'cause I've been obsessing about having someone to kiss for my whole life.”
And then you get there and you're really bad at it. And you just keep being
bad at it.

Adaine: Is that a thing that you've been obsessed with your whole life?

Kristen: Yeah, having someone to love, definitely.

Adaine: [unconvincingly] Oh right, yeah.

Kristen: What?

Adaine: What?

Kristen: Oh, well maybe not everyone but me specifically, always wanted it to
happen and it finally did and Tracker's had other relationships so she's got a
lot more stuff figured out than me. There's still a lot of things that I'm
really not good at. Did you know for her birthday, I got her a toy? I got her,
it's this fun putty that you can put on a newspaper.

Gorgug: And then it comes off and it looks like the newspaper.

Kristen: Yeah, and her birthday was on our one year anniversary so I thought,
"I just have to get one gift. It's the same day."

Adaine: No, nobody likes a combo gift.

Kristen: But she didn't really like the pu-- I just kinda still feel like
maybe it's just--

Gorgug: If you get how it works, you put it right on the newspaper.

Kristen: You put it right on the news, and it's like you could throw that
newspaper away, baby, 'cause you got it permanently here.

Gorgug: You got a putty newspaper.

Kristen: It's like, babe.

Hangman: But you have to read it in a mirror.

Kristen: What?

Hangman: What?

Kristen: Oh, The Hangman!

Hangman: Oh, I'm up here on the roof too.

Kristen: Oh yeah.

Hangman: You couldn't just read it right off the putty. It would backwards,
you'd have to read it in a mirror.

Kristen: Yeah, totally!

Hangman: That putty rules, it's really good.

Kristen: Thank you so much!

Zac: Can I see if I found enough driftwood to make a cell tower?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a roll, disadvantage.

Emily: Maybe some putty would help with that.

Murph: Is this the "Are you my dad" of this season, this putty?

Emily: Oh oh oh, oh!

Siobhan: Oh, hello!

Brennan: Intelligence.

Murph: Okay, do you guys think there's any way you could do it without a 30?

Zac: 15.

Brennan: Hey, 15, you find, coming out of Adaine's jacket, a pipe. If you get
a couple thousand more of these, you'll be in business, baby.

Gorgug: Let's get started.

Brennan: Adaine, you finish conjuring elementals. What kind of elementals do
you summon?

Siobhan: I'm thinking, we're in the water so is there some kind of thunder
lightning situation?

Brennan: Yeah, you could do like--

Siobhan: Sorry, I had a sheet and I can't find it. Oh, here it is.

Ally: Everyone has 11 temp hit points, by the way.

Siobhan: Amazing.

Ally: If you wanna add that to your sheet.

Emily: Ooh. Even me, downstairs?

Ally: Yeah, I think it would count for the whole party right? Inspiring
speech? Or is it just anyone in the area?

Brennan: Yes, yes yes yes. You guys can all take that 11 temp HP.

Siobhan: This is not as useful as I thought it might be. Poison, fire...

Brennan: Probably the best thing is you could do maybe steam mephits.

Siobhan: Great yeah, let's do that.

Brennan: You guys see cresting off of the seafoam a group of four little
skinny impish with, they have long pointed noses and long pointed chins and
these little pointy ears, impish, they're made out of seafoam and vapor, fly
up and circle around Adaine.

Mephits: (grunts animalistically)

Adaine: Hi, can you keep watch for us please?

Mephits: (grunts animalistically)

Adaine: Thank you so much. How do I make you look like cheerleaders? My sister
was so good at this.

Mephits: (grunts animalistically)

Gorgug: It looks like they're cheerleaders.

Adaine: Yeah, okay we'll work on it.

Emily: I think they're cuter this way.

(grunts animalistically)

Kristen: So have you not talked to your sister at all since homecoming?

Adaine: No, she's in prison I think. I don't know.

Kristen: Yeah but you can still definitely talk to people in prison.

Adaine: In Fallinel, I don't know. Also, just to remind you, she's not a good
person. I don't even know if she would want to talk to me, honestly.

Kristen: I just feel like once we get there, you're probably the one who's
gonna have to go talk to her.

Brennan: As night falls, Adaine, you don't have to trance at all. You have
these little mephits that're flying around. You see they sort of circle around
the van going,

Mephits: [grunting to the tone of “let’s go, sports team, let’s go!”] [claps
twice]

Kristen: We didn't have to make them cheerleaders though, you know.

Emily: I wake up.

Ally: Everyone's awake the whole night.

Fabian: What's all that clapping? Who's clapping?

Brennan: I'm gonna need Wisdom saves from Gorgug and Kristen and Adaine. You
may roll with advantage, Gorgug.

Emily: What about the Bardic Inspiration?

Brennan: And whoever has Bardic Inspiration.

Emily: I mean I kind of just gave it to everyone.

Murph: I think you gave it to all three.

Brennan: Yeah all of you guys can add--

Siobhan: Can I roll with advantage with Boggy?

Brennan: Yes, you may, yes.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Definitely use that bardic--

Siobhan: Thank goodness.

Ally: What is Bardic, an 8?

Lou: You roll a d8.

Zac: 22.

Brennan: 22, okay.

Siobhan: Dirty 20.

Brennan: Dirty 20.

Ally: What's the DC?

Brennan: I won't tell you the DC but go ahead and tell me what you roll.

Ally: Okay, I'm using Human Determination to reroll with advantage on this.
Okay, good. This is a Wisdom?

Brennan: Yeah, Wisdom saving throw.

Ally: Very cool. Okay yeah, that's 26.

Brennan: Oh, damn, great. An uneventful night passes. The mephits keep you all
awake. I wish I could say that day comes the next day but it kind of doesn't.
Not thick, but drizzling rain, the kind which is just enough to churn up the
sea and create a dense, thick layer of fog comes over you. It is cold as you
journey further south and east out into Celestine Sea. You can see fog rise up
and it's not super opaque. You could probably see 60 to 100 feet out into it
but when you're used to seeing the horizon, can't see anything at all, right?
And you venture out into the ocean. As you guys awaken, you see that the van
comes on and says,

Van: All right, morning, broskis and siskies. Just wanted to give a holler
'cause I've been fiddly-iddly-ing around with these readers and odometers and
whatnot and it looks like there's something on one of these doodads, like a
radar or something like that?

Gorgug: Cool.

Kristen: Definitely let's turn that on.

Fig: Whales and submarines.

Van: Oh, like sonar! I could probably do whale song! (imitates whale calls)

Kristen: You're doing it.

Fig: Don't do it too good 'cause we don't want a school of whales attacking
the ship.

Brennan: Fabian, give me a Perception check with advantage.

Zac: A pod of whales.

Lou: We're gonna go, perception?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: Ooh, that's an 11.

Siobhan: Oh no, you get a, you rolled a 17.

Lou: I rolled a 16.

Brennan: You look down into the water where it's clearer and you see the water
churning with sharks. And you see that the sharks are all moving. And you can
see crosswaves. There is something causing the water to move, not only with
the tide. Something is competing with the tide to create changes in the sea.

Fig: A ghost ship!

Fabian: No, that would be incredible.

Riz: Night Yorb.

Hangman: [agitated] How many fucking times do I gotta say speak not of the
Night Yorb?

Fabian: Speak not of the Night Yorb. I believe--

Brennan: You see the van speaks up and goes,

Van: [uncharacteristically harsh] Seriously, I am not an angry dude. You gotta
fucking stop with that Night Yorb stuff, man. It's not a joke. Me and The
Hangman don't agree on a lot. You gotta can it with that Night Yorb stuff,
man.

Zac: What is it? We see rippling in the water?

Emily: Do we think it's Garthy O'Brien?

Fabian: I think we're approaching Leviathan.

Lou: I'd like to climb up on top of the van.

Brennan: Fabian, you climb up on top of the van. You look up into the fog and
you guys begin to see that night is setting again and then you realize night
is not setting again at all. Towering over you in the fog is the darkness of a
ship. You see this ship is pushed up out of the water and it moves forward
like it's not sinking. It's almost directly at a 90 degree angle, surging up
out of the depths. You see behind it is another ship and another, a colossus
of ships lashed and wrapped together, towering up into the sky. You hear the
call of gulls, the jangling of music. You hear cries and see the vastness of
not just a ship nor a fleet, but a city sailing on the surface of the waves.
You look in front of you, and Fabian, you turn to look and see behind you, it
looms as well. Each moving past you. Suddenly you realize, you are surrounded
on either side by the city. Stuck in the middle of the sea as two, let's call
them what they are, neighborhoods of shipwrecks, hodge podge and quilted
together, move past you on either side and eclipse you as they move in the
same direction. And you realize that the bulk of the city is not to your right
nor to your left, but the bulk of the city is coming up behind in the pincher
of these two arms that are swallowing you up. And as you turn to the third
direction from whence these ships are coming, you see approaching you white
froth and something swallowing the ocean up. You hear laughter and lashes and
you hear

Pirate: (laughs) Get ready, me hearties! It looks like the sea's hungry for
another meal.

Brennan: And that's where we're going to stop this week. This week, on
Dimension 20 Live. Tune in next week as we meet Leviathan herself. Also, if
you guys would like, check out, we have many seasons of Dimension 20 that're
available on dropout.tv You can go check that out. We got a bunch of awesome
merch. We got Boggy shirts, we have this from last week, Roemaence Partnaer
shirts, which you can have if you like. Go check out our merch store where all
this awesome stuff is and make sure to stay tuned next week when we continue
the adventure of The Bad Kids. See you next time, intrepid heroes! (laughs)

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 5: Leviathan Rock
City](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vS6Lnn_F26Z7fbaF-
oJuDSEZidMceatsKv6UQE7PHEtWRmbhOISSPWM90zDqYQqTIBe1tV2Ekfa2OVc/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650516734817&usg=AOvVaw3ShJP8iSrpOVG4Rfb_syU7)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: starboysisko, gluegunshots

Edited by: gluegunshots

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjozMHrgkqkkHQzcJB442pi-
ElrCEhgJmLJC8v6kLflfQ2RwdrTHBNIGukBTPQjdTJFbKfkvhjEWGmticHi0:0)

Episode 5: Leviathan Rock City

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 5: Leviathan Rock City

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRuJQLD91mq74goawU
--
8175VwasnadKLoaxVrlmhN9XZRLxJw2GbNus_txt27nFPo7Arkclq1AGzAZ/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650520000631&usg=AOvVaw2ui-8epn4wiEhNkTuViDQY)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTdVBdla2S1RIMMF8aqLMkpceXPczzz2tqplAtkoDeyo9-xZHZPzEVVs8IBi4zqdiq-
yaoL9MCLT282/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650520001399&usg=AOvVaw1Wd1dv_kknYnpnOLssKuLo)]
>

Brennan: Gang, this is Dimension 20’s fun weekly liveshow! You tuned into
Twitch to watch us play some D&D. The continuing adventures of the Bad Kids, a
group of teenage adventurers from the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, who are on
their spring break quest for 60% of their grade to find and retrieve the crown
of the Nightmare King. Last we left off our heroes, there had been some
shenanigans with strange nightmare forces they got some hirelings including
two of Fig Faeth's parents. And the third is trapped in a gem with her right
now. And they had set out to Bastion City it was a fight with some demons at
the Hotel Cavalier. They made an extradimensional space in a celestial van,
headed off on the ocean, and have arrived (pirate accent) at the pirate city
of Leviathan. (normal) A massive city made of a titanic amalgamation of
shipwrecks lashed and built upon together, as a floating metropolis on the
waves. Have I left anything out with our recap from the previous weeks? Or
does that catch us up to speed?

Siobhan: I don't think so, but I do have a question about money.

Brennan: Mm-hm?

Emily: Oh yeah.

Siobhan: Are we just each of us carrying around 20.000 gold pieces on our
person?

Brennan: No, I don't think you are. It is up to you to decide how much money
you would've chosen to convert into gold pieces, prior to your expedition. The
amount of weight. (typing into laptop) How many gold pieces in a pound? We
will find out, about, 50 gold pieces to a pound. So I'll let you guys figure
out how many pounds of gold coins you guys

would've wanted to bring in this van. But you also got The Ball's briefcase,
which is a bag of holding.

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Bag of holding.

Emily: Oh, yeah.

Siobhan: But the bag, is the bag of holding heavy?

Brennan: No, 'cause it does not gain weight as you put more stuff in it.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Brennan: I'll let each of you make that decision privately to yourself how
much money you converted before leaving.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: So we don't have to spend time coordinating. But you guys do have to
convert some amount of your wealth into actual specie before you head off to
sea.

Lou raises his hand.

Brenan: (calling on Lou) Yes.

Lou: Why'd you leave out Hilda Hilda? I mean I feel like that was—

Siobhan: Oh, Hilda Hilda. Key plot point.

(laughing)

Lou: I feel like that's going have massive—

Siobhan: And the Night Yorb, which also you—

Emily: Yeah, you didn't mention the menace of the Night Yorb.

Brennan: For sure, for sure.

Siobhan: Like that's all I have written down from last week.

Emily: Yeah. Honestly that's all I've been able to write since.

(laughing)

Brennan: Yes, a little bit of housekeeping. Shoutout to all of our fans making
awesome fan art.

Siobhan: Yeah, we love it.

Brennan: Not only the incredible artists who've been drawing incredible art of
the characters, including the van boat, the Hangvan, as it is sometimes
called.

Lou: The Hangvan?

Brennan: The Hangvan.

(laughing)

Siobhan: They're smarter than us, goddammit.

Brennan: But also--

Zac: I think Van Boat's a great name.

(laughing)

Emily: I stand by Van Boat.

Brennan: Well also we've got a lot of musicians making awesome music.

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: That song is amazing.

Brennan: Zac and Emily made awesome music, we just had Reddit user Semjax make
one specifically talking about the Night Yorb. You all love to talk about the
Night Yorb, even though we've been told over and over again, speak not of the
Night Yorb. Also, make sure to check out, we got awesome shirts and stuff, I
think we have one of the Hangvan itself, up on the site now. So make sure to
check that out. (dramatic voice) We return now to the world of Spyre.

Lou is loudly chomping some celery.

Siobhan: It's so crunchy.

Brennan: That celery is crunchy.

Murph: That's the worst food you can have.

Emily: Why now?

Lou: I'm eating before we get into it. I can’t eat in the middle.

(laughing)

Emily: Eat it string by string.

Lou: Sorry.

(pirate music)

Brennan: We return now to the world of Spyre. As we do so, you hear
(whooshing) the crashing of water against the hull of Leviathan, the huge
wooden behemoths of structure surrounding you. You hear the laughter of
pirates, the playing of music and suddenly, (whooshing) coming up out of the
water, you see ropes surging up into the heights around you, as a colossal
trawling net (whooshing) picks up the van and you are all flung around within
the van, but with the blankets cushioning most of the blow, and you feel
yourself being surged upward into the maw of Leviathan.You see a massive
wooden plank, covered with pirates that begin to put huge hooks (wild
laughing) and pull the net over to a giant platform. What do you guys do as
this is happening?

Fig and Riz: (crosstalk) Fabian, is this normal?

Gorgug: Hey Fabian.

Fabian: Yes, yes. Alright everyone, everyone be calm, these are classic pirate
shenanigans.

Gorgug: As a skipper I just wanna say a couple things before we go up here.
Maybe the skipper and the king of boats and the captain and the first mate
could circle up and talk about?

Kristen: Yeah let's go.

Fabian: Of course.

Gorgug: So what do we do?

Kristen: Yeah, I don't really know.

Fabian: It's Leviathan. Don't worry, my father has, his name will get us all
the way here, so you let me do the talking. Everyone just be cool, alright?
This is like a cool place.

Kristen: I'm nothing but cool.

Fabian: 100%, so just--

Pirate: (stereotypical pirate accent) Looks like it's Solisian, boatswain!
Some sort of magitech, something of the like. Should be able to fetch a pretty
penny! (laughs)

Fabian: Also, be mean. Always be mean. (yelling) Hey, you scurvy dogs!

Pirate: What? I'm not scurvy!

Fabian: Yes you all are.

Brennan: This pirate on the deck full bursts into tears, is clutched by a
number of other pirates.

Gorgug: Oh no. So sensitive.

Brennan: You are lowered onto this massive deck, you guys see a wooden
platform piled high with flotsam and jetsam, the wreckage of ships that are
devoured by the city and pulled up in these nets. You see that farther away,
there are other piles of just looted goods, staying here on the deck. Of the
goods that are looted here, you see very little in the way of gold or diamonds
and those sort of rich rare items. You see a lot of like, wood, materials,
sailcloth. It looks like this place is a giant intake for all of the things
the city would need to stay afloat and stay alive. With a swirl of a long,
blue captain's coat, you hear thudding as the van is lowered slowly,
(slamming) onto the deck. Still with like the netting around it.

You see a Warforged approach. This is a pirate that is a living automaton.
Made of stone and rusted steel and wood. You see that in her head, there is
one gleaming, bright lantern eye. Some sort of like a golem magic robot kind
of look. The other eye has fully like, short circuited and you see the little
like tungsten like, wire that would normally be lit is frayed up under there.
She is a good eight and a half feet tall, and approaches. Under the sort of
blue coat you see just a normal like, dirty white sailor's shirt, striped
pants that go down to her like, her feet are sort of like, tri-clawed. They
look more, they

don't look as approximated to humanoid features, they're kind of like more
robotic down there. She does not carry a sword at her side, but you do see
that her right hand is three stone fingers that kind of close like a claw. And
her left hand appears to be a four barrelled rotating cannon.

Emily: I hold out a cigarette.

Fig: Can I get a light?

Brennan: You open the van door to lean out and say this?

Emily: Uhhh…. (sheepishly) No!

Ally: I stop Fig.

Kristen: (stammering) Let's, okay.

Fig: Sorry.

Riz: Fabian, you seem to have—

Fig: I'm a people person.

Riz: —offended them. Are they usually this sensitive?

Fabian: Things must have changed since my father was here. Uh. (loudly) Hello!

Brennan: You see that the person who you recognize, actually go ahead and give
me an intelligence check to see if you know this person.

Lou: It's gonna be a 7.

Brennan: You don't know who this person is. You look up and you see that the
Warforged (whizzing) sort of eye looks down. You see that the Warforged speaks
to everyone and goes,

Warforged: (low, raspy, stilted) Looks like you may have caught some fish in
this can.

Brennan: (banging) and bangs on the side of the van.

Warforged: Best to let them out.

Brennan: The door is flung open by one of the pirates. The net dropped, and
you guys are free to exit onto the deck as the pirates here give you some
leeway and this Warforged stands in front of you.

Zac: I whisper to the van,

Gorgug: Hey, just pretend to be a dumb van. Not like you're a person.

Van: What?

Gorgug: Just don't talk.

Van: Far out, I'll keep it hush hush. For right now, I'm a normal van.

Gorgug: Okay, cool.

Brennan: You see that the Warforged steps out, and I assume Fabian steps to
the front?

Lou: Obviously.

Fabian: Hello. I'm Fabian Seacaster. Son of Bill Seacaster. Bill Seacaster.

The Warforged’s eye shifts in her head with a whirring noise.

Jamina: (breathes heavily) You speak now to the Boatswain of Leviathan, Jamina
Joy is what I am called. You say you’re the son of old Bill?

Fabian: (laughs) That's right.

Brennan: Give me persuasion check if you would be so—

Zac: Jamia what?

Brennan: Jamina Joy.

Lou: That's gonna be a modded 20.

Ally: Dirty 20?

Lou: Dirty 20.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Jamina: (growls) You are not dressed like a pirate. Rumor on the wind is that
your father is slain.

Fabian: That's right. And I'm the one who did it.

Brennan: All the pirates around go,

Pirates: (gasping) Oh, that be very piratey indeed.

Adaine: Also he's wearing that very cool eye patch which I feel is pretty
piratey.

Fabian: Yes, and it belonged to my father along with this sword. Having slain
him I took them off his body, assembled a crew of my own—

Adaine: Ahoy!

Fig: Ahoy!

Fabian: We're very different.

Brennan: You see one of the pirates leans down and says,

Pirate: Notice how they've all said ahoy to us, and that's quite piratey
indeed!

Fabian: We're well versed in the culture and ways, taught by my father himself
before I struck him down.

Adaine: Also Cathilda is here and she's a mighty pirate.

Fabian: Also, Cathilda, the maid.

Brennan: Cathilda looks out, and all the pirates take full two steps back. You
see that (laughs) Jamina kneels down on one knee and says,

Jamina: (gasps) Cathilda the Black, terror of the Celestine Sea.

Brennan: And she goes,

Cathilda: (chuckles) Oh, you are being a darling. That's alright. Up, up, with
you, there's no need for that.

Fabian: I'm sorry, are you kneeling for me, or for my maid?

Jamina: I kneel out of respect and a desire to prolong my life.

Fabian: I mean I wasn't going to kill anybody.

Brennan: You see Cathilda pats you on your leg and says,

Cathilda: They're worried that I'm going to kill them, Master Fabian.

Fabian: You're a maid, maids can't kill!

Cathilda: Oh, sweet, cheeky boy!

Brennan: And she pinches your cheek.

Cathilda: That's alright, Fabian. You know, it might be best here in Leviathan
if you don't call more attention to me than is needed.

Fabian: (quietly) I mean, but, I mean, you're a maid, so it's not like you'll
be at the front of anything anyway.

Fig: Cathilda, I think you make a fearsome presence, and I have a disguise
kit, I'm willing to help you disguise yourself.

Cathilda: Oh that might be for the best, darling.

Fig: Okay. What are we thinking, blonde, brunette, redhead? Ombre?

Cathilda: Ooh! A nice ombre.

Fig: Okay, then. (laughs)

Ally: We dip dye Cathilda's hair.

Siobhan: It takes five hours.

Gorgug: What's an ombre?

Kristen: The half.

Fig: It's that, which is like—

Gorgug: Oh, kind of like this? (pointing to his bangs)

Zac: Gorgug has a little like—

Siobhan: Oh yeah!

(laughing)

Adaine: And if anything happened, if we need to I can cast Greater
Invisibility on you, it only lasts for a minute, but if there's a moment where
we need to.

Cathilda: Very kind of you darling, that would be alright.

Brennan: Jamina stands and says,

Jamina: Well. What metal can have we pulled out of the sea here?

Fabian: This belongs to my skipper, Gorgug. It's some kind of van that's a
boat.

Gorgug: My van is a boat and my boat is a van. And this is it. Sort of floats
like a boat, and has a propeller in the back. And then also can drive on land.
Does the two things. So.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Persuasion check for me, Gorgug.

Fig: Hey Gorgug? Look at me real quick.

Emily: I wink at him, give Inspiration.

Zac: What do I add to that?

Siobhan: A d8.

Lou: Oh wow.

Emily: Yeah, roll a d8.

(die rolling)

Zac: It's persuasion? It’s an 11.

Murph: Wow.

Emily: No no no, it’s 15! Persuasion, plus 4.

Zac: That’s Perception.

Jamina: So this is not your vessel, but the skipper's.

Fabian: I mean well, I, yes, it belongs to the skipper.

Jamina: The skipper. Then I am afraid skipper, your vessel has been seized by
the Maelstrom's Maw as raw materials.

Gorgug: I hear you. I hear you. Could… Could we talk about this—

Fig: I'm so sorry to do this.

Gorgug: —some more?

Fig: I'm so sorry to do this, I am a famous rock star.

Jamina: What is that?

Fig: Well.

Jamina: (confused) You are a rock star?

Fig: You don't listen to any music?

(whirring)

Brennan: She grabs you and lifts you up—

Fig: Not even techno?

Brennan: to inspect you.

Jamina: You are not made of any rock that I have ever seen.

Fig: I know. That's 'cause I don't have my guitar in my hand. Then you'll see.

Jamina: (groans) Guitar, made of rock?

Fig: Yeah.

Jamina: Would surely sound awful to the ear, no?

Fig: No, it sounds awesome.

Adaine: Careful. It might be too powerful for them. Remember.

Fig: If I can get you to dance, will you let us keep our van? (laughing)

Jamina: (whirring) I do not dance. I can only judge the incessant beating of
the music for the pounding of its rhythm. It does not move me for in my chest
of stone and wood, there beats no heart to keep in time.

Gorgug: I don't really like dancing either.

Jamina: (surprisingly casual) Good, yeah I don't really get it.

Gorgug: Yeah, should we just try it?

Adaine: I like it when there's rules but when there aren’t it stresses me out.

Riz: Yeah, same.

Emily: I'm gonna plug my bass into my amp, and try anyways.

Gorgug: Two, three, four.

(humming)

Brennan: I'm gonna need a performance check from you.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: From both of us?

Brennan: If you wanna give a Performance check to give the help action, you
give me just a DC—

Emily: I already have advantage.

Zac: Oh.

Brennan: Oh, okay. Where'd you get advantage from?

Emily: Actor. Performance and deception.

Brennan: Performance, Actor only gives it when you're impersonating another
person.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Brennan: So if you wanna give me a DC, you just give me a DC 10 Performance to
give advantage to Fig.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Okay.

(laughing)

Emily: We were just, okay!

Zac: 10!

Emily: (rubbing dice in her hands) I really need a nat 20.

Brennan: Wonderful. You can roll this with advantage. I'm gonna say you need
at least a DC 20 to make the type of impression we need here.

Siobhan: What do you have as a mod?

Emily: We'll find out. I got a 23.

Brennan lets out a startled exhale.

(Murph clapping)

Brennan: Okay! So you plug in your amp. All these pirates have kind of
gathered round. Is anyone like, keeping an eye on the pirates while Fig sets
up?

Ally: Yeah, definitely.

Siobhan: Yeah, for sure.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: I don't trust these pirates.

(coughing)

Brennan: Anyone that wants to can give me a Perception check. Or Insight,
whichever you'd like.

(dice rolling)

Murph: 24.

Brennan: 24.

Lou: 3.

Brennan: 3.

Ally: 11.

Zac: 18.

Brennan: 18, cool.

Siobhan: 21.

Brennan: 21. What are Riz and Adaine paying attention to at this moment?

Siobhan: The back of the boat. I'm gonna like, 'cause I think that we're
standing on the roof, right? 'Cause we were...

Brennan: You were standing—

Siobhan: Up on the roof beforehand?

Brennan: So to give you an idea of perspective, this is effectively a wooden
platform made out of driftwood that is the size of like an aircraft carrier,
where ropes and nets from the jutting neighborhoods of like, shipwreck that
come out of here. This is basically like a pincer at the front of the city of
Leviathan that swallows up, pulls out of the water, and just chop shops
anything the city can catch.

Siobhan: So, can I cast, it takes a minute, but we've been chatting. Snare,
and set a trap at the back of the, the back doors of the boat?

Brennan: At the back doors of the van boat?

Siobhan: Of the van boat.

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: Just to make sure that nobody breaks in some other way.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You cast Snare back there. So you're (Adaine) keeping an eye on the
back of the boat. So you'll notice if anyone goes there to mess up, what's Riz
keeping an eye out for?

Murph: I think I just wanna get a feel for if this automaton is the, you know,
big leader here, or if like anybody else is coming, or like how the pirates
are acting, if they're like, seem like they're cool with us or if they're just
acting that way, so that they can attack.

Brennan: You see the Warforged is definitely, she's the highest status person
here.

Zac: Is a bosun just in charge of a deck? Or is that like—

Brennan: In a ship, a bosun is in charge of like, the rope, the rigging, like
a lot of the material goods on a ship. So for her to be the bosun of
Leviathan, Leviathan's political order is something you guys probably could
ask Fabian about. But it doesn't really, you can imagine that a pirate city
doesn't run super well.

Murph: Sure.

Brennan: In all likelihood, Jamina might be one of the only elements of the
city that works how it's supposed to. Because she looks very powerful. And you
see that her job, if she's the boatswain of Leviathan, would be probably to
keep the city intact on a fundamental level. And like, looking at the city,
you see that she's got her work cut out for her. Like the city is not… There
is like, you're looking around and you're like, yeah, this could stand a fair
bit of work, this is a fixer-upper for sure. Probably it takes all of her time
and energy just to process the Maelstrom's Maw, and then keep the most
pressing existential threats to the city's structure patched up, fixed, and
worked with. That being said, with that 20, is that more of an Insight or a
Perception would you say?

Murph: Insight. I think too, I'm trying to see if anybody reacted to Fabian
being Bill Seacaster's, like if there's anybody staring at him, or if there's
anybody who's like, I'm kinda looking for this Garthy O'Brien character, if
they're like in the crowd.

Brennan: You notice a bright red tiefling in the back of this cluster of
people. A pretty young boy, they look about teenaged as well, but obviously
not with the guy, they don't have, this young Tiefling probably hasn't grown
up in a culture that has teenagers in the way that Solace does. But you see
that they've got like, a scarf, and a lot of you know, jangly jewelry on. They
look extremely sort of curious and malnourished. The main thing is that they

don't look like someone who spends all day dragging flotsam out of the ocean.
Like everyone else here looks like they work on Jamina's crew. This kid looks
a little scrawny to be in this number. And when Fabian announces himself, his
eyes light up, this young tiefling kid. With a 23 insight… you see that there
is a kind of stunned, starstruck quality to this kid.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: In any case, you plug your amp in, you get drumming. You had a 23.
Jamina looks and says,

Jamina: Your guitar, there is no hole in it, no cavity to create sound.

Fig: Yeah, the amp does that. You have a lot in common with an amp.

Jamina: What?

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You begin to play. And you see as you start to play, Jamina goes,

(heavy rock music)

Jamina: I… (groans, yells) The power! The power!

Brennan: The music just—

Siobhan: Is she pregnant?

Brennan: You see--

Emily: Is she?

Brennan: You see that one of the pirates in the back goes,

Pirate: Oh, right, well I'm not sure this type of music's for me, it doesn't,
what's happening to me hips? Me hips!

Brennan: And he just starts like--

Ally: He starts grinding?

Brennan: Just starts grinding with the other pirates.

Fig: Now do it together, if you guys get together.

Brennan: And you see one he says,

Pirate: Walter, what are you doing? Oh, I'm doing it too!

Brennan: And you see that one of the other pirates, this sort of old, bearded,
toothless guy, just starts full windmilling, just… (imitates mosh pit arms)

(laughing)

(screaming)

Brennan: And they just scream, you see one of them grabs his eyes and he goes,

Pirate: I can't behold it any longer!

Brennan: They begin to just scream and run around. You see that as the amp
(booming) sort of just power chords slam out of the amp over and over. You see
that Jamina falls to her knees. Her eye is kind of like flickering. And she
starts to crawl over to the amp slowly, being buffeted back by the power of
pure rock n' roll. Gets to the amp, unplugs it.

(groans)

Jamina: (quietly) What have I beheld?

Fig: I don't mean to be presumptuous, but if you ever wanted to experiment, if
we plugged into you, you could be an amp. The music could run through your
body.

Jamina: A vessel for magic this powerful is more than my core could withstand.

(Fig laughing)

Jamina: Your crew harnesses powers vaster than I can comprehend.

Fabian: (laughs) They are very very mighty.

Jamina: If this vessel belongs to your skipper, where then, does your vessel
lie?

Fabian: Mine is up top. Hangman!

Brennan: You see that the Hangman (buzzing) comes down, and goes,

Hangman: Sire! This terrible (stuttering) van, we should let them chop it up!

Fabian: Well how will we get home? We've gone—

Brennan: You see that Jamina looks at it and says,

Jamina: (groaning) is this thing a steed or vessel?

Fabian: Both. I am predominantly a pirate of the land, and thusly my vessel
suits me accordingly.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me another Persuasion check.

Lou: That's gonna be--

Zac: Can I help him?

Brennan: If you like, give me a Persuasion check yourself. Beat a 10, you can
help him.

(rolling)

Zac: It's kind of cocked, but it was a 10. (rerolls) 14.

Lou: That's a 16.

Brennan: Okay, and you have advantage.

Lou: With Gorgug's help, it's a 16.

Brennan: Gotcha, cool, cool, cool. You see that she says,

Jamina: Very well. You then, young master Seacaster… Well, as I have said,
this has been seized for Leviathan. But, if you wish, we can make an allowance
in this case for you to purchase back that which has been taken by the city.

Adaine: Can we pay in kind?

Fig: I've got VIP tickets.

Jamina: What do you mean, to pay in kind?

Adaine: Well is there anything that we could do to work off the debt instead
of paying you money?

Jamina: If you wish to work for a year and a day.

Adaine: (alarmed) A year and a day?

Kristen: Okay.

Fabian: How much, just name a price.

Fig: Okay, okay. (holds up a hand) Don’t—

Siobhan: No, no, no. That's not how you haggle.

Riz: What kind of pirate are you, Fabian?

Fabian: I want us to get our boat in a van back, or a van that's a boat,
alright? Anything under 100 gold pieces and it's yours.

Fig: Why don't you just invoice my manager?

Jamina: What?

Gorgug: How much is it?

Brennan: Go ahead, make a little haggle check here. Whoever wants to make a
Charisma check, flat Charisma check.

Riz: We refuse to be pushed around unless it's cheap, then that's fine.

Emily: Nat 20!

Brennan: Nat 20?

Brennan: You see that Jamina looks at it and says,

Jamina: Given that I have never seen whatever this thing is before, yeah, 100
gold sounds fine, sounds totally fine.

Gorgug: Can we circle up and talk about it maybe?

Riz: Feeling insulted but that sounds fine.

Fig: 100 gold is kind of a lot. We honestly got this for 20 gold. So giving
you 100 gold is...

Gorgug: It's a reverse haggle? (laughs)

Brennan: You see it says,

Jamina: You are talking down from your previously stated price?

Adaine: No, no, no, we have to give them 100 gold.

Riz: Yeah, Fig is just trying to get it even lower.

Fig: I'm just trying to get it even lower.

Riz: Honestly kind of pushing it.

Fig: We're starting at 100. You don't just take the first price.

Kristen: You don’t— I feel like you don’t—

Ally: Can they hear us?

Brennan: Yes!

(laughing)

Brennan: You're fully talking in front of them.

Ally: Okay, I close the van door.

Kristen: Hey, you guys. I feel like we can't just walk into a bunch of pirates
and be like, we have tons of money, 100, name your price.

Fig: That's what I'm saying.

Kristen: You can't say name your price.

Fig: That's what I'm saying.

Kristen: They're gonna take all of our money.

Fig: Act the part of the pauper.

Kristen: What?

Fig: We have to act the part of the pauper, and act like--

Kristen: Definitely we have to act the part of the pauper.

Fabian: You offered them VIP tickets, you said you were a rock star, it's
literally the very first thing you said, is that I am a rock star.

Gorgug: Just trying to get them a little lower.

Adaine: Invoice my manager.

Gorgug: Let's just try to get them a little lower.

Riz: Let's just do 100.

Fabian: I wanna pay them, it's my money. I'm a very rich man.

Kristen: Stop saying how rich you are, we're gonna get killed!

Fig: For the record, invoicing my manager was to try to tie them up in
paperwork.

(laughing)

Zac: Alright, I'm opening the door.

Brennan: Cool, you open the door up.

Kristen: (weirdly high-pitched) Hey!

Adaine: Hi.

Kristen: (again) Hello!

Adaine: Ahoy.

Gorgug: Ahoy again.

Ally: I stuck my face in a pie that Cathilda made— (laughing)

Kristen: (singsong) Hello!

Murph: Good lord.

Brennan: You see as you fucking clowns pile out of the van. You see that
Jamina is talking with the young tiefling. The tiefling talks with her a
little bit.

Emily: Have I seen lots of other tieflings before?

Brennan: Not really.

Murph: Oh yeah, I pass along the info to you guys.

Riz: Hey, just, the tiefling's a little out of place, and also they were super
interested in Fabian. Like Fabian mentioned that he's Bill Seacaster's—

Fabian raises his eyebrows and looks smug.

Gorgug: Does the Tiefling—

Fig: Sure they weren't, maybe, like recognizing me?

Riz: Yes.

Fig: Oh.

Gorgug: Does the tiefling look like it's mixed with, does it seem like,
related to Fabian in any way? (laughs)

Adaine: (realization) Ohhhhhh.

Fabian: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm an only child, alright?

Adaine: There's no way you're an only child. Under no circumstances—

Fig: The second you said,

Adaine: —are you an only child.

Fig: I'm an only child, in a desperate voice, you stopped being an only child.

(laughing)

Kristen: Or you doubled down in being an only child.

Fabian: I mean--

Adaine: Yeah, on your mother's side. Not even then, your mother is an elf and
has lived for hundreds of years.

Fabian: Alright. Everyone is ganging up on me.

Brennan: You see that Jamina is handed a bag by the tiefling. Looks over, and
says,

Jamina: Master Seacaster, farewell. Your voyage has brought you here, to
Leviathan. Your father trekked these boards, the greatest pirate to ever live.

Fabian: Well he's dead now. And someone has to take his place.

Jamina: Hmm.

Brennan: She stomps away. And you see that the tiefling looks up to you guys,
and he says,

Tiefling: (higher voice, cockney-ish British with some New Zealand accent)
Hello there, sorry to intrude. But I've settled your debt with the boatswain.

Emily: I wanna brush my hair back from my horns.

Adaine: Oh, you've settled the debt?

Alistair: That's right, I've given 100 gold pieces. But we should abscond
quickly, because they will only be 100 gold pieces for another 10 or so
minutes.

Adaine: Oh, but they're gonna figure that out, and then they'll take the boat.

Alistair: What?

Kristen: Oh. Let’s go.

Adaine: No, no, no, no, no. I'm gonna go pay the boatswain the 100 pieces.

Riz: We should just go.

Kristen: We should just go.

Adaine: No! As soon as we leave the boat they're gonna take it.

Fig: I side with Adaine on this.

Riz: (points to the tiefling) What's your name?

Alistair: I'm sorry, hello, my name's Alistair Ash.

Riz: Alistair Ash?

Fabian: Alistair Ash?

Riz: AKA...

Alistair: (smiling at Fabian) Hey! Alright!

Riz: Alistair Ash. Do you know a Garthy O'Brien?

Alistair: Oh, well everyone knows Garthy O'Brien. They're the impresario of
the Gold Gardens!

Gorgug: Is this like a place where I could drive the van on these boards?

Alistair: This thing moves?

Kristen: Yes.

Adaine: Yeah, it's a van.

Alistair: A what?

Adaine: A van.

Alistair: Wow! Solisians, you know, they talk about you all the time, but you
really, you know, you play music that sounds like how my hips feel when a
woman dances, and you know!

Adaine: It's a cart that moves on its own.

Alistair: What? A cart that moves on its own! (deep breath) Gulls alive in
coin, I've seen everything, haven't I? How does it move without a dolphin at
the front?

Riz: So you tricked those pirates to help us, and now you're just gonna let
them kill you, I guess?

Alistair: Why would they kill me? (gasps, with a look of realization) Because
they'll be mad when the gold turns back to rocks.

Emily: Is this my first other tiefling I've ever met?

Brennan: Yes. You are seeing—

Emily: I sink into a deep depression.

(laughing)

Riz: Can you lead us to Garthy O'Brien if we take you in our moving cart?

Alistair: You'll do that?

Kristen: Yeah.

Alistair: Please, yes, oh god, I've gotta escape! You know it's funny, because
you think like, this lie is perfect and it's gonna work no problem. But then
you're like, if they find out the truth, my problem with lies is I always
forget that the other person has a mind and feelings. And keeps existing after
I've lied to them.

Adaine: Right, that's so...

Fig: Yeah. I side with Adaine that we should just pay.

Adaine: Really interesting.

Fig: I side with Adaine that we should pay.

Fabian: Alright. I'll track down the Boatswain.

Riz: We need the information that this person has.

Fig: We could say, thank you so much, you have done a great magic trick for
us, that's so cool, we're gonna also pay them.

Alistair: Oh, okay. How are you gonna broach the subject of just wanting to
double the cost of the—

Riz: Yeah. We should leave.

Fabian: Actually...

Murph: Riz gets in the car.

Adaine: This van is so obvious.

Fabian: Let's do the pirate thing and just run. Come on!

Fig: Okay. So is sort of thieving and lying sort of a sign of like, respect in
this town?

Fabian: I mean, I thought so, and then I said, I called a man a scurvy dog and
he was crying.

(laughing)

Riz: They're gonna be so mad.

Alistair: You can't be upset, he's extremely sensitive.

Fabian: Okay, well--

Gorgug: I think he has scurvy really bad.

Fig: He does have scurvy.

Fabian: He must.

Adaine: Eat some oranges.

Alistair: People in the Maelstrom's Maw get scurvy a lot.

Brennan: Okay so you guys pile into the van, are you going to pay the
boatswain the extra or no?

Adaine: Fuck yes.

Kristen: Can you Mage Hand 100 gold pieces as we run away?

Gorgug: If we bring it up, we'll get in trouble again.

Fig: Why, this is, someone else did this to us.

Adaine: I'm gonna say hey, this guy that we don't know lied.

Kristen: How big is Leviathan?

(crosstalk)

Fig: I side with Adaine in this.

Brennan: Leviathan's an enormous metropolis, there's probably about a million
and a half people.

Kristen: Let's go. Let's just go.

Adaine: Our van is the only van! It's so obvious!

Fig: We're getting ourselves into a situation that the boatswain comes and
messes us up.

Adaine: Yeah.

Riz: Alright. Throw 'em 100 gold. I think it's just gonna raise more
questions.

Brennan: Cool. So you Mage Hand 100 gold.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. The boatswain grabs the gold as the van speeds away and says,

Jamina: I don't exactly understand, wait, I have some questions.

(laughing)

Brennan: But you guys peel off. You see Alistair, goes,

Alistair: Oh lord, so, it's very nice that you all did that. (chuckles) Skin
of my teeth alone.

Brennan: You start the van, as the van peels off, Alistair just goes,
(screaming) and screams, as the van moves.

Fig: I'm sorry. I don't know which side of you is demon, but what demon are
you from?

Alistair: What demon am I from?

Fig: Yeah.

Alistair: Well. (leans back in his seat) Rumor has it that on my mother's
side, I come from the stock of Geryon, and on my father's side, I also have
infernal blood from Dispater himself. So...

Gorgug: Don't know those things.

Emily: I turn on the radio.

Riz: Don't know what you're talking about.

Fabian: Very cool, very cool.

Murph: Really cool. Um, can I do an insight check, just on Alistair?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: (rolling) Alistair's talking about how much they love lying.

Lou: Do I recognize this name? Can I do an Intelligence check?

Siobhan: I got a nat 20 insight.

(dice rolling)

Murph: Yeah, I got a 26.

Brennan: 26, nat 20.

Lou: I'll give it a shot.

Lou: I got an 8.

Zac: 12.

Lou: 13 intelligence to remember this person.

Emily: I'm not gonna waste a roll on this.

Siobhan: Okay, alright, okay.

Brennan: 13.

Emily: On hand.

Brennan: This guys smells familiar to you.

Lou: Literally.

Brennan: Literally smells familiar, he smells like, like embers and brimstone
a little bit, but also there's a smelling of like, some, wait, maybe like a,
like a beard oil that's familiar to you, even though he's clean shaven and
very young and scrawny. With a 20 Insight, you see that this guy has some kind
of crush on Fabian or something, he's like…

Siobhan: Oh, alright, okay.

Brennan: But it's a weird, it looks like hero worship or something.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You see that, and even with your Insight as well, you can get a
definite vibe and he says,

Alistair: Well, first of all, let me just say (laughs) Fabian Aramais
Seacaster, oh my lord. (laughs)

Fabian: Yes. It's a pleasure to meet you. Were you a friend of my father's? Or
a...

Alistair: Oh. I am more than a friend of your father's.

Fabian: Oh.

Riz: You were his best friend?

Alistair: Well. Hopefully when I die I can become an even better friend of
your father's. But… Is all of your crew safe to speak in front of, my lord
Seacaster?

Fabian: Of course.

Alistair: (dramatically) I am a follower of old Bill. I have sworn myself to
his service. He, the destroyer and descrier of the nine hells. He who aloft in
a ship made of dragon carcass, pillages and raids the princes of the devil
folk. He is my patron.

Adaine: You're a warlock to Bill Seacaster?

Alistair: In the flesh! (laughs) And there's a lot of us. A great lot of us
who have sworn ourselves to his service. He has seen fit in all of his hellish
princedom to grant us spells.

Fabian: (laughs) This is incredible. Are you saying that my father's some kind
of, like, lord of Hell now, who can give magic to people here in the material
world?

Alistair: Very recently.

Fabian: Wow.

Alistair: About five months ago I think he killed some kind of devil prince,
and I don't know, ate or consumed some part of his infernal essence and lo and
behold. But it's the best, I mean, pirates are a superstitious lot, so if word
got out that I was a warlock, I mean, they'd string me up for sure, they'd
hang me in Gibbety Square. But I'll tell you this right now. Bill is the
greatest patron a warlock could ask for.

Fabian: I believe it. I mean, his maybe first patron.

Gorgug: What's Dippity Square?

Adaine: Gibbety. Gibbety.

Alistair: Gibbety Square!

Adaine: Where the gibbets are.

Alistair: Oh, if youse don't know your way around Leviathan, I'll be happy to
show you.

Kristen: Can I ask you something Alistair, do you know anything about the
Nightmare King and its crown?

Alistair: (overblown dramatic gasp) The Nightmare King?

Kristen: Yeah.

Alistair: No.

(laughs)

Riz: Sounds scary though.

Alistair: Scary king of nightmares?

Kristen: Sounds scary, right?

Fig: That was pretty good delivery.

Alistair: (shudders) I don't like that one bit.

Riz: What is Bill Seacaster—

Ally: Can I do an insight check and see if he was fucking with us?

(dice rolling)

Ally: Hell yeah.

Fig: Show me some of your warlock spells.

Ally: 27.

Brennan: Oh, 27? You do not think he was fucking with you. You think that this
kid, listen, being a warlock, warlocks are a Charisma based spellcasting
class, they are not an Intelligence based spellcasting class, you don't need a
lot of smarts to work out a deal. You see, he looks and says,

Alistair: Oh, I would be happy to show you a spell. Do you think you could
front me some money to show you?

Fig: Oh, you need it as a spell component?

Alistair: No. Well… um…

Siobhan: I pull a rock that has been turned into a gold piece out of my jacket
of holding.

(laughing)

Brennan: He takes it and says,

Alistair: Alright, might as well show you what I mean. I guess this is worth
it. What kind of spell do you wanna see?

Fig: Your favorite.

Gorgug: That doesn't mess up the van.

Alistair: My favorite that doesn't mess up the van, oh alright.

Brennan: You see that he (whooshes) disguises himself as a human pirate woman.
You see that he's like, an extremely overdone, like, he looks like a pirate
serving girl Halloween costume you would see. He's got like, enormous cleavage
and he's like,

Alistair: Yo ho, yo ho, I'm a lady!

(laughing)

Fabian: Not bad! Not bad at all.

Kristen: Game recognizes game, welcome to the club.

Brennan: He shakes your hand and says,

Alistair: Could we pull over in this alley real quick?

Gorgug: Why?

Fig: This is getting...

Riz: Why did you need gold to do a spell? Does Bill Seacaster…

Kristen: We've gotta get out of here.

Riz: Does Bill Seacaster charge you?

Brennan: You see, he looks at Riz, Riz, can you repeat what you just said?

Riz: Does Bill Seacaster charge you?

Alistair: Look. It's a better deal 'cause you don't have to sell your soul.

Riz: Brilliant. That's brilliant.

Brennan: You see he says,  

Alistair: So, basically, well here's the thing right? It's that all the other
patrons are always like, your soul, your memories, or, Bill Seacaster's very
up front. It's 25 gold to lease a cantrip for one month. And it's 100 gold
pieces a month for five. So if you get it in bulk—

Riz: Alistair, you’re getting—

Fig: Just cantrip? That's as high as he'll go for?

Riz: You're getting ripped off.

Alistair: Well that's the thing, no, it's magic! It's magic! I don't even have
to give a soul!

Gorgug: How much money do you have?

Alistair: Well I have to get a lot, 'cause I don't keep it for very long.

Riz: What is in this alley you wanna take us to?

Brennan: You see that he reaches into a little satchel, and he pulls out—

Fig: You're a mess! (laughs)

Alistair: I am not a mess! Listen, I was an urchin riding around Leviathan and
now I knows magic. Alright? And I didn't have to give up me soul or nothing.

Adaine: You're a bit old to be an urchin.

Alistair: (offended) Alright, what's your whole fucking deal? What's your
situation?

Adaine: I do good magic.

Alistair: Oh la de dah! You do good magic. (air quotes) Did you learn your
magic in a book?

Adaine: Yes, I did!

Alistair: (mockingly) Oh, hello, I can read!

Gorgug: Hey. Are we pulling over to rob someone?

Alistair: No.

Adaine: Are you pulling us over so you can rob us?

Riz: What is in the alley?

Fig: What is in the alley, before we pull over?

Alistair: I need to do a ritual, and it's better if you do it sooner, because
if you forget, it's bad.

Adaine: What's the ritual?

Fig: Is this the ritual to pay Bill Seacaster?

Brennan: He pulls out of a satchel, like a leather skin infernal roll of
parchment. And he pulls it out and unfurls it and you see an infernal
pentagram sort of hex on it. It looks lined with soot and smoke. And you see
he says,

Alistair: Basically, when you sign up for your first package of spells, you
get one of these. And you sort of have to, you know, when you cast a spell,
end of the day, whatever, like that, you spread it out, right? And then you
put the gold in the middle, you say the incantation, the gold bursts into
flame and disappears.

Fig: I need to ask you—

Riz: Do you have to hire other people?

Fig: That's what I was gonna say, is this an incentive based thing that you
get more spells if you recruit other people?

Riz: Is this MLM? You can get upgraded?

Alistair: You can get a tremendous amount of spell slots through the referral
program. But it's all about, because you actually end up making money and
spell slots—

Riz: You're kind of a, you're a business owner.

Alistair: Yeah, in a very real way. Because Bill's empowering me to take my
life into my own hands.

Fig: Do you host like, mimosa brunches where you try and get people to become
patrons?

Alistair: I do Bellinis.

(laughing)

Kristen: You do what?

Alistair: I do—

Fig: (laughing) Bellinis.

Alistair: A lot of people do mimosas, it's kind of hack at this point, I do
Bellinis.

Riz: Do we have to stop in a pirate alley to do this or can we just do it
here?

Alistair: Well I have to spread it over the seat in the van.

Riz: I'm just worried about getting killed or robbed.

Gorgug: Alright I'm gonna pull over.

(laughing)

Fig: Okay, I'm gonna case the alley like a German shepherd, make sure no one
comes after this.

Kristen: (laughs) What?

Gorgug: Do you have any conversations with Bill Seacaster?

Alistair: Oh. No.

Kristen: We're in a real dead end.

Gorgug: Was gonna say if you can talk to him now.

Fabian: I would like to speak to my papa.

Adaine: Can we just leave this guy? Can we just write off—

Alistair: If I tell the other followers of old Bill, you'll, master Seacaster,
lord Seacaster, you'll have an army at your beck and call!

Fabian: I mean I'll have a army at my beck and call.

Adaine: Do you need an army? Do we need an army?

Fabian: Would you turn down an army?

Adaine: We need one guy.

Fabian: I would take an army over anything.

Adaine: I don't think I would be good at armies.

Fabian: Alright, well I think I would be great at armies.

Adaine: Okay.

Fig: Adaine, I think you'd be killer at armies.

Adaine: (sincerely) Oh my god thank you so much.

Riz: I don't think anyone who says I'm good at armies wouldn't be good at
armies.

Adaine: I assume you're right.

Fig: Adaine is the best at armies, can we all agree?

Fabian: Riz, you bite glass, alright?

Adaine: You bite glass.

Kristen: You bite glass!

Fabian: I was being Riz..

Gorgug: Hey guys? I think we lost our minds.

Kristen: Okay, can we go to Grady? What's this person's name?

Riz: You know where Garthy O'Brien is?

Alistair: Garthy O'Brien, yeah.

Riz: So why don't we stop for a second so that Alistair doesn't lose their
soul here.

Alistair: No. You don't lose your soul, there's no soul stuff with Bill. It
would just be a financial incentive for the other warlocks to find and kill
me.

Gorgug: Great. Let's pull over.

Fig: Yeah, let's pull over, we'll let you do your business.

Alistair: Great, thank you, I appreciate it.

Brennan: You guys pull over. He gets, he goes into this little alley. He's
like, little tiefling tail whisking around, he's got his hooves. Kneels down,
spreads the thing open, spreads his little infernal, like, skin-stitched
pentagram open. Reaches in, and you see he's going, like, he takes out a
couple of

gold and then some silver and then you see he's like scrounging for copper
pieces.

Alistair: Seven. Eight.

Fig: Kind of cute, I think we should adopt him.

Alistair: Oh no.

Adaine: How much do you need?

Alistair: Just two silver and five copper and I'm settled.

Siobhan: Can I take those out of my coat? It's less than 10 gold pieces.

Brennan: Absolutely. You hand it to him, he puts it in, and he says, (grunts)
his eyes go red and he says,

Alistair: Greatest pirate who ever lived or died. Scourge of the Nine Hells
and captain of the infernal wastes. This should cover my use of Minor Image
today, and also a Disguise Self spell, hopefully that's settled.

(demonic growling)

Brennan: You see that the gold disappears in an eruption of flame. Soot
scatters across the alley, partially covering Alistair, he sort of wipes
himself off. He rolls the thing up, slides it into his thing.

Alistair: Right, so we're all settled, then?

Gorgug: Great. Let's find Garthy O'Brien.

Adaine: Great.

Kristen: Let's find Garthy.

Brennan: Ah, he says,

Alistair: Great! Garthy O'Brien.

Brennan: So, you guys get in the van. This, Leviathan doesn't have too many
carts or animals. So, you see Alistair says,

Alistair: Leviathan's gonna be more easily traversable on foot at certain
points, but, if you'd like, I could, you know, maybe we like, park the van
somewhere. Or we could also go the long way around to get to the gardens, but,
you'd have to go under into the Cannon Court or you'd have to round to try and
get to, what would it be? You could try to go through the Sternwood, but I
don't recommend it.

Riz: Should we just send the van out into the sea, away from this, and then
have it come back to pick us up?

Gorgug: Are we like, pretty high up, would it just like, fall off a cliff
essentially?

Adaine: Van, can you fly? Oh. Mm. Can the van fly?

Gorgug: I don't know that it can fly. I don't think it can.

Fig: Fabian, do you know if there's any sort of parking—

Siobhan: Can I, wait.

Fig: —lot situation?

Fabian: Oh I definitely don't think there's any sort of parking lot situation.
I'm sure that a nicer part of town, that the van might be, oh, it's all
pirates. I really am not sure.

Adaine: Can we disguise it? Can we roll to disguise it?

Riz: Can we leave our hirelings with it? And Sarah Lynn can always fly back on
the griffin if there's trouble.

Fig: Sarah Lynn, or Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: I think it might be a wise course of action. I and Baxter can
stay here along with Gilear, and it sounds like Cathilda maybe shouldn't be
seen walking around?

Fig: Although Cathilda, if someone does try to come, shows who she really is,
and then they'll be scared away.

Kristen: That's true.

Brennan: So you see she nods. Ragh and Tracker both look and say,

Ragh: Should we come with you guys, or should we stay here with the van, just
to make sure it's safe?

Fabian: They roll with?

Kristen: Yeah, come with us.

Gorgug: Can I try something? How do you talk to your motorcycle when he's not
there?

Fabian: Through, I guess some version of an attuned Message spell is my best
guess.

Gorgug: I will, hey Van?

Van: Yeah!

Gorgug: I'm going to try to reach you with my mind later. We'll see how that
goes.

Van: (smiling) Okay. That sounds so good, dude.

Gorgug: Awesome.

Brennan: Awesome. You guys head on on foot. Alistair starts leading you
around. As you guys begin to journey through Leviathan, you guys see that the
fog begins to clear, as the sun comes out. You begin to walk through the
neighborhood away from Maelstrom's Maw which is called Four Castles. Alistair
starts to describe it to you. Four Castles is raised up higher than a lot of
the city, and as the fog parts under the sunlight, you guys begin to see the
actual bulk of Leviathan. You guys can take one.

Lou: Did you make maps?

(cheering)

Emily: Oh, maps, maps, maps!

Brennan: Maps, maps, maps!

(paper passing sounds)

Ally: Maps, maps!

Lou: Homeboy's out here making maps. Gorgeous.

Ally: So cool.

Ally: Poop City.

(laughing)

Lou: I got it.

Brennan: You guys see the vast bulk of Leviathan. There is a huge central mast
that is like a skyscraper in the middle of the city, with a whole neighborhood
up in the rigging up above it. Sort of the nicer parts of the city are on the
other side from where you are right now. The neighborhood you're going
through, you hear like shouts of violence in the distance, and can smell
smoke. Alistair begins to bring you through here, basically saying like,

Alistair: Well, the place that we're in right now is called Four Castles. And
this is where a lot of, you know, there's a lot of fighting that goes on here
for control of these neighborhoods.

Adaine: Oh, I get it, it's a pun.

Alistair: What's that?

Adaine: It's a pun!

Alistair: Well there's four castles--

Adaine: Yeah, it's the fo'c'sle.

Alistair: What?

Adaine: It's a pun, it's a ship pun.

Alistair: Oh! Well congratulations!

Kristen: Alistair, can I ask you about the Sternwood? Why wouldn't we want to
go through the Sternwood?

Alistair: Sternwood's full of beasts and other various terrible things. There
was a time where people thought that Leviathan shouldn't steal as much and
should make its own food, so a group of sea druids tried to make a place where
there would be arable ground and such. And a whole terrible forest grew and
it's cursed and full of monsters, so I'd avoid it.

Fig: That sounds awesome.

Lou: That sounds cool.

Riz: A dark forest?

Kristen: I mean we're going to another forest soon.

Fabian: Might be good to get some forest prep in.

Kristen: I was kind of thinking that.

Riz: We don't need a forest prep, we need to find Garthy O'Brien!

Kristen: Maybe Garthy's in the forest.

Fabian: Something to think about for later. Forest prep.

Riz: We're not just gonna swing by a cursed forest.

Alistair: Why don't we get out of here, 'cause if we go straight down into the
mess, we'll actually be going through Cannon Court, which is a little bit more
of a safer place.

Riz: Okay.

Adaine: Great.

Brennan: So Alistair leads you effortlessly through this side of Leviathan.

Emily: Can I peek down the Sternwood just to the cursed forest, just see what
I might see?

Brennan: A forest growing out of the debris and rot of shipwrecks. Every tree
is more twisted and cursed than the last. A lot of them naturally, the trees
just form into skulls growing out of the wood. There's a, you also can just
hear weird cawing of crows and other carrion birds.

Murph: Just hanging onto Fig.

Riz grabs the back of Fig’s shirt to keep her from running off.

Ally: Can I roll to see if there's anything in there that's like, nightmare
adjacent?

Brennan: Sure.

(dice rolling)

(laughing)

Ally: Interesting, interesting.

Fabian: You're looking for nightmare adjacent things.

Ally: 7.

Brennan: 7, you do not find, 7 doesn't show you anything--

Ally: Oh actually can I cast Clairvoyance and send an orb into the forest?

Brennan: You cast Clairvoyance.

(laughing)

Brennan: You see that—

Ally: I'm looking for a crown.

Brennan: You look into a forest.

Kristen: This could all be over.

Fabian: What? We just break it.

Brennan: I love making mysteries for you guys, 'cause it's like, hey, we're
going to a forest, this, also a forest.

(laughing)

Murph: It's like trying to solve a murder by trying to solve a different
murder. It's like, you know what, a lot of people get killed in Chicago, we
should go to Chicago. But they died in Seattle! But, murder.

Brennan: But, think about it. Solving this Rubik's cube, Rubik's cube, colors,
colors, this box of crayons.

Siobhan: It's all about connections, man, the human brain's all about
connections.

Fig: I genuinely just wanna see some cool shit.

Riz: We're in a pirate city!

Fig: Can we just like, watch the clairvoyance orb

Riz: Everything's cool!

Fig: like it's Netflix?

Brennan: Now, you guys go down into Cannon Court. Cannon Court is weirdly a
like, subterranean neighborhood, but it's subterranean in a place that's not
made of natural stone, but artificially created ships. So, you see that this
is weirdly a neighborhood that is modeled like a dwarven city would be, where
there are like, subterranean areas shaped out of old shipwrecks, but built as
like, civic spaces, the way that dwarves build like, large public caverns and
chambers under things. So you're walking through the like, hollowed out holes
of ships that have like, dwarven gunpowder markets. You see there are these
sort of pirate dwarves and gnomes running through and pinching things out of
barrels and like (slurping) eating little bits of gunpowder. You guys get
weird fucking looks as you walk through here, by the way. A group of just like
Solisian teens in like non pirate garb.

Adaine: Ahoy!

Pirate: (suspicious) Right, ahoy.

Gorgug: This is the safer part of town?

Alistair: Oh yeah. If you're up in Four Castles in the wrong part of there,
you'll get killed just for walking down the street.

Fig: Isn't that where we parked our van?

Alistair: (high voice) Oh, yeah, that's right. Well.

Gorgug: Oh boy.

Riz: It's fine, Gilear's there.

Kristen: Oh no. Gilear!

Fig: Do either of you have any 24-hour protection spells that you could cast
on--

Adaine: I have nothing.

Fabian: As long as he hides in the van.

Riz: They’re fine. They’re fine. There's a griffin there.

Adaine: Greater Invisibility lasts a minute, so I could protect him for that
long.

Brennan: You guys continue along through the Cannon Court. Go ahead and give
me a group Charisma check as you travel. A group Charisma check.

(dice rolling)

Emily: That's gonna be a 23 from Fig.

Murph: That's a 4 for your boy.

Ally: 25.

Lou: An 8.

Zac: A 10.

Siobhan: Charisma saving throw or Charisma check?

Brennan: Check.

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: Okay. Four out of the six got higher than a 10.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: I’m saying hi to too many people.

Riz: (tips his hat) Hello, good day!

Brennan: Actually I'm gonna say, Riz, as you walk along,

Ally: Great.

Brennan: You see that there is a, there is a dwarf with a huge double beard,
double braided beard with firecrackers all through it, who's got huge anchors
on each arm. As you're walking along, you see he grabs you and goes,

Dwarf Pirate: (Scottish) In the wrong part of town, gobby!

(Riz stammers)

Dwarf Pirate: Looking to eat Dwarf flesh, are ya?

Riz: What? No, no, no, no—

Brennan: Takes a flintlock pistol out.

Dwarf Pirate: Open your mouth if you're hungry.

Emily: I disguise myself as him and I say,

Fig: Stay away.

Brennan: As him?

(laughing)

Brennan: (disbelieving) You disguise yourself as the Dwarf doing this?

Ally: I come up and go,

Kristen: You're dead. You've been dead for days.

Riz: I already ate you.

Gorgug: You've been freaking dead this whole time.

Riz: I already ate you man.

Brennan: (interrupting) No, no, no, no, we're not gonna move past it, I'm not
going through another Hilda Hilda. Your first thought to get this guy to stop
was to be him? (high-pitched) Him as well? (clearly losing it) Is it just me?

Murph: Is anyone around?

Ally: Grab Riz and say, I got it from here.

Emily: I wanted to be, I wanted to be someone of this world and he's the first
person I've really met.

(clapping)

Murph: Logically sound.

Brennan: Okay. Alright, you disguise yourself as him. You say, you've been
dead.

Kristen: You've been dead for days.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Deception roll.

Ally: What about me?

Brennan: Actually yeah. You give me a Deception roll, if you beat a 10, it'll
give a help action here.

Emily: Well I already have advantage.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay. You already have advantage, so you give me the advantage roll.

Emily: Okay. That's going to be a 25.

Brennan looks away from her, down, and puts his face in his hand, defeated.

Murph: They're a superstitious bunch.

(laughing)

Zac: What's this sad dwarf with firecrackers in his beard gonna do about that?

Brennan sighs and shakes his head.

(adventurous music)

Zac: Brennan?

Riz: I already ate you, man. You already got eaten.

Brennan: You— you, you see he looks at you saying, you've already been dead,
looks at him, what does Fig do disguised as him when Kristen says, you've been
dead?

Fig: (affected pirate accent) Let this life go.

Brenan: He turns, sprints through the marketplace. There is a porthole
overlooking the side of the city like a giant glass portal. He dives through
it and kills himself.

Kristen: No!

Brennan: (screams) Screams, falls into the ocean, (snaps) dead.

Ally: No, I cast--

Riz: Wait no, he was bad, he was gonna kill me for being a goblin, don't save
his life!

Kristen: Are you sure?

Adaine: He's bad and racist!

Fabian: Killing people here is normal and cool.

Riz: He was bad. That was fine.

Ally: I jump in after him.

Zac: I tackle you before you do it. I tackle you.

Brennan: You see Tracker grabs you two, and goes,

Tracker: (holding on desperately) Babe, babe, I know your family's super
racist, you're projecting! This is about your shit! This is about your shit!
That's a racist bad pirate, it's good that he's dead.

Riz: He put a gun in your mouth and said, are you hungry?

Gorgug: He called him a gobby.

Kristen: Okay, okay, you're right, you're right.

Tracker: Babe, it's alright, it's okay.

Kristen: That person was not my parents.

Tracker: No.

Kristen: That person was not my parents and neither am I.

Tracker: Okay, okay, shh. (kisses) Shh, shh.

Riz: That was a crazy 30 seconds. We've walked about five feet into town.

(laughing)

Fig: Riz, do you maybe wanna walk on the inside? I can stand on the outside.

Riz: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, you guys are realizing you are extremely not in your
progressive homeland.

Siobhan: I pull a tricorn hat out of my coat.

(laughs)

Brennan: You pull a tricorn.

Ally: So you look in your prep school uniform, but you have a tricorn hat.

Siobhan: No, I have a denim jacket and a tricorn hat, which is much more
regular.

Brennan: Incredible.

Emily: I'm just gonna keep on this man as my disguise.

Brennan: Cool. You guys continue to walk through Cannon Court.

Ally: I cast Light on my tie-dye shirt so it glows.

Brennan: It's glowing. You see Alistair says,

Alistair: Wow, you guys are a whole lot!

Kristen: Let's go, baby. Let's find Gerby.

Riz: Buddy? Let's keep going.

Brennan: You head through the rest of Cannon Court, and you emerge from
underground, in the neighborhood of Galleyard. You look out and see,

again, the huge spiring, craggy shipwrecks of Leviathan all around you. Gulls.
You see there's also like aarakocra flying around, like way up, like
skyscraper's length up above you. Leviathan is like, filled with like, the
incredible wealth of all these different seafaring, different ships and
different

makes and stuff like that. The nicer neighborhoods further away you can see
tend to have actual buildings built on them. So like, the ships have been
flattened or like had wooden platforms put on them, so there's like flattened

level neighborhoods. Whereas like, the jankier parts of town are like
literally built into like diagonal rounded ship's hulls and things like that.
You walk through Galleyard, and as the late afternoon sun begins to fill the
city with golden red light, and you see people come out sort of, this place is
sort of chaos by the way. You hear laughter, occasional pistol shots. There's
just drunkards who have openly soiled themselves sleeping in the street in a
lot of places. Galleyard is sort of the heart of the city, so it's the big,
like, party neighborhood, it's the downtown. You see that there's a lot of
that kind of New Orleans architecture of like, external second story balconies
where people are like, waving to each other in the street and drinking, a lot
of public houses here.

You begin to approach a place that is not just one building, but you see
instead it is like, coracles and frigates and schooners and junks that have
been turned into a renovated campus of theaters, casinos, brothels, like, all
these buildings that form this hub of places to go and lose the money you just
got as a pirate. And as you open the door, you see the liveliest show of your
life starts up. You see that there are pirates all around various corners.

There is a giant barrel of ale that is just pouring into someone's mouth.
People laughing, (laughing) (imitates gunfire) someone fiddling over in the
corner. And you see that there are huge alabaster hookahs all around here that
people are enjoying as they talk to themselves. Alistair, as he approaches,
looks at you and says,

Alistair: Right, so welcome to the Gold Gardens. This is sort of the place. Do
you know Garthy O'Brien?

(cheery string music)

Fabian: He's a friend of my father's.

Alistair: Oh, well, in that case, you see they’re right over there.

Brennan: You see he points over to the corner where you see there's like kind
of the “owner's table” vibe. Over in the corner, you guys see what must be
Garthy O'Brien. They're a tall, muscular, half orc aasimar. They're shirtless
with a few accents of thin lined, geometric tattoo work around their wrists
and biceps, as well as some floral tattoos on their midsection. They wear no
shirt, but elaborate fabric-heavy harem pants and fine boots with like a
myriad of like belts and straps and all that kind of stuff. Their head is
shaved at the sides and back. Little flop of black hair on top. You can tell
that they're aasimar because both their pupils and the whites of their eyes
are black. So like, the external and interior of their eyes are black. The
irises are shimmering metallic gold. So it's like a black halo superimposed on
a jet black eye.

Zac: Did you say half elf or half—

Brennan: Half orc. So they're like a celestial heritage half orc.

Zac: Damn.

Lou: Damn is right.

(someone whistles)

Brennan:They also have accented that by, they have a little accent of like,
metallic silver makeup on their lips and a little around their eyes. You see,
near them, they're talking to a bunch of other people that are working here.
Anyone else here can also make Perception checks or Insight checks if you
want.

(dice rolling)

Siobhan: 13.

Zac: 18.

Ally: 21.

Lou: 16.

Emily: 9.

Murph: I just got a 12.

Brennan: 12. So you see a couple things. Number one, they have immediately
clocked all of you and you can see that they have a concentration spell on.
You also—

Emily: On themselves or on us?

Brennan: They're just holding concentration on a spell. You see that they have
a massive two handed scimitar behind them that has a lot of like, gold rings,
sort of stamped into the back of the blade, so like, as it curves, there's the
sharp edge on the curve. And there are gold rings jangling on the back of it.
You also see that, shoutout to Pete the Plug. They have scars on their chest,

Ally: (nodding in approval) Cool.

Brennan: As though they have gotten some kind of surgery, that they have like,
disguised a little bit with some of those geometric celestial tattoos.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You see Garthy O'Brien look over at all of you as you approach, and
smile. And beckons you over to their table.

Siobhan: I bow with my tricorn hat.

Brennan: You see Garthy leans back. They look just so languid and comfortable.
You see they go,

Garthy: (London accent, calm and confident) Oh lovey, Alistair, my darling
boy, come here for a moment.

Brennan: You see Alistair says,

Alistair: Oh! Garthy O'Brien knows my name! See? The spells are worth it, you
pay for the spells, and then people start to know your name.

Brennan: You see Alistair walks over to Garthy and Garthy gives them a
familiar sort of squeeze on the arm. And then looks up at the rest of you.

Garthy: Well, well, well. Welcome one and all to the Gold Gardens. If I can be
of any service at all, I trust that you will let me know, loves.

Kristen: Serve alcohol here?

Garthy: Oh darling. We serve far more than alcohol. We serve snuff powder,
dragon spice, whatever you could desire.

Riz: What's the dragon spice do to you?

Garthy: Dragon spice is snuff powder cut with pure ketamine.

Fig: I'll take a dragon spice,

Emily: As I say that I shake my head and stop being a goblin and become Fig
again.

Fig: Hi, Figueroth Faeth.

Brennan: You see (laughs) they look over at you and go,

Garthy: Oh. Well, it seems that we have some more like young Alistair here.
Now, if I didn't know better, I would say I was looking at a group of Solisian
teens.

Fabian: We're far more than that. I'm sure you know me.

Garthy: Oh darling, I would know you anywhere. Young Fabian Aramais Seacaster.
Thank god you've got your mother's looks, my boy.

Fabian: What is that, some kind of dig at my father's looks? I particularly, I
believe my father was a very handsome man. And I would be lucky to have his
features, if I had gotten them.

(laughing)

Adaine: He's dead, dude, you don't have to suck up to him.

Fabian: Alright. I love my papa. Nobody--

Gorgug: Fabian, quit saying you love your papa.

Fabian: I love my papa.

Riz: You're allowed to look up to your dad without thinking he's super hot.

Ally: I grab the biggest beer nearby and just take a big sip.

Brennan: Ahh.

Riz: That's someone's beer, Kristen!

Kristen: Is this mead?

Brennan: You see they just look at you and say,

Garthy: Well yes, that is mead, but also darling, it's not yours.

Gorgug: Who's is it? Who are you drinking?

Brennan: You see a, hold on a second. Give me a luck check to see whose mead
you just grabbed.

Ally: That was a 3. I'm leaning kind of back a little bit as I chug this giant
mead. (squeezes their eyes shut) It's very sweet.

Brennan: You grab this mead.

Ally: I'm proud of it. I'm proud of the choices I made.

Brennan: You see, turning around from the bar. You see a glaring, terrifying
presence turn around. You see that a six and a half foot tall mind flayer
turns around, you know what a mind flayer is?

Kristen continues to nonchalantly drink the mead during this description.

Ally: Yeah. Yeah.

Zac: You do?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Yes. A mind flayer, for those that don't know, is an Underdark
humanoid. They have a squid-like face with like, beady eyes, and tentacles
that come out of the bottom of the heads so you can't see the beak underneath.
They eat brains. That's what they do.

Ally: So, Stranger Things.

Emily: They eat brains but also drink beer?

Brennan: This mind flayer turns around, and it's wearing a bright scarlet
coat, blue shirt, an intense looking crystalline saber at their side.

(groaning)

Adaine: Don't drink that, drink this!

Siobhan: I pull a 10 gold piece worth of mead bottle.

Murph: Hitachino.

Siobhan: out of the— I get a Hitachino.

Brennan: Give me a Persuasion with disadvantage.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Emily: If I give the help action—

Siobhan: Actually I'm gonna use my divination roll, and so I get a 16.

Brennan: You get a 16?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. Awesome. You… Oh how does portent work with disadvantage? Yeah,
I guess that works. You get a 16. What does that get to with your persuasion?

Siobhan: It's a 15, which I added--

Brennan: Plus one to.

Siobhan: I don't have high Persuasion.

Brennan: You see that this Illithid mind flayer captain turns around, and the

entire bar goes silent.

Mind Flayer: (deep, growling Scottish) Well. I see you've helped yourself to a
drink there, lass.

Kristen: Oh. Oh! (laughs)

Ally: I lean so far back that you, I'm almost laying on the ground of this
bar.

Kristen: (drinks) I thought maybe these were on the counter to grab, like… I
thought...

(snarling)

Mind Flayer: Oh, are things in the bar just for grabbing?

Brennan: And you see that amongst his face tentacles there is one little
tentacle that is a peg leg, it's like a wooden one.

(slurping)

Brennan: And that one he uses to caress your face. And you see that Tracker,
you see he goes,

Mind Flayer: (deep Scottish accent) Well, lass, I,

Brennan: And Tracker goes,

Tracker: Under no circumstances,

Brennan: And swats his tentacle away. 30 people at the bar draw swords. Shing!
You see, Garthy stands up and they say,

Garthy: (gently) Alright. Everyone's being, frankly, and I do hate to use
harsh language, ridiculous. I'm going to need all of you to kindly abscond.
You've drawn weapons here. So if you're drawing weapons,

Brennan: And you see that they reach back and grab their scimitar.

Garthy: Then I will have to draw weapons as well. So how do we wanna play it,
lads and lasses, how do we feel?

Brennan: You see that the Illithid turns to look at you, turns to look at you
and says,

Mind Flayer: I wouldnae drink in the same bar as the son of a coward.

Fabian: (scoffs) You talking to me?

Mind Flayer: (intensely) Bill Seacaster died on land! He died more than 100
miles from the sea. He's come here to tell those of Leviathan how to live
their lives. I say, Bill Seacaster was a scurvy dog.

Brennan: Give me an intelligence check.

(dice rolling)

Lou: 12.

Brennan: You know this man. This is the captain of the Crimson Claw. This is
an Illithid pirate who your father fought with time and again during his life.
This is a Captain James Whitclaw. He looks at you and says,

Whitclaw: Aye. I say this. Your father was no true pirate! When he made his
fortune he turned and ran, dragging the high men out of the sea. I've come
back to Leviathan to let it be known there will be a new order. Do you have
anything to say about that, landlubber?

Fabian: I'm no landlubber. My father is the greatest pirate that ever lived.
You, James, are the captain of a two bit piece of shit stick of wood that dare
never sail again. You've come here to make a fool of yourself, and I
personally consider myself lucky that I will have the pleasure of laughing
along with the rest of Leviathan!

Lou: And I kick him in his fucking chest.

(cheering)

Riz: Ahoy!

Adaine: Ahoy.

Ally: I down the mead.

(laughing)

Brennan: Incredible. First of all, go ahead and make an Intimidate check with
advantage.

Lou: Two 13s, for 18.

Ally: Here we go.

Lou: Oh excuse me.

Brennan: 18.

Lou: Yeah, 18.

Brennan: 18. Go ahead and make your attack roll to kick him in the chest.

Lou: Great. Nat one.

Murph: Ooh!

Lou hides his face in his hand, Zac puts his head on the table, and Murph
takes off his glasses.

Emily: That is cruel, fate you are cruel!

Ally: That was such a good monologue.

Emily: That was a beautiful monologue, and you ruined it!

Siobhan: Fabian's ability to fall on his face after saying something cool.

Zac: Can I throw Fabian in the air? Make him do an Acrobatics check?

Brennan: I'm gonna say, make a, you wanna throw him in the air?

Zac: Just to give him the Acrobatics to maybe like, redirect something.

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead and, so you've rolled a nat 1. Gorgug attempts to
throw you in the air. Go ahead. You're gonna need a 25 acrobatics to do
something here.

Zac: I need a 25?

Brennan: In order to extemporaneously--

Zac: Can I do a strength check?

Brennan: Sure, give me a DC 25 athletics.

Zac: Can I go to a rage and just throw him?

Brennan: Cool, go into a rage. If you don't hit a 25 here, something even
worse is gonna happen for you trying something.

Zac: Hell yeah. Oops. Oh, ff—

Brennan: It's cocked.

Zac: A cocked nat 20. (rolls again, smugly) 26.

(laughing)

Brennan: Okay, you may roll this attack with advantage.

Lou: That is a 19.

Brennan: Cool. A 19. You do not collapse and fall into a pile. A 19 does not
hit. You go to kick for his chest. And Gorgug like, slams into your back to
send you forward. You see that as you go, your foot comes up, and James grabs
your foot, pulls you towards him, gets in close, and for a second, all you see
is beak and tentacles splaying out, coming right for your face. And you hear,
probably what would sound like 10 or 20 of Garthy's voices at the same time,
this like, susurrus of voices. And they say,

Garthy: (yelling) Enough!

(whooshing)

Brennan: And there is a blast of air, everyone is knocked on their ass. You
see that, Garthy stands up and they say,

Garthy: Alright loves, that's the end of the party, Captain James, you and
your friends have drawn steel, you know that's against the rules, mate, so
(waves) off you toddle.

Brennan: James looks at you. You have ended in a draw here where no one was
cut, no actual blows were exchanged. He looks at you and says,

Whitclaw: It's not over, boyo.

Fabian: Not at all.

Brennan: Captain James and his crew exit.

Riz: See you, James.

Adaine: Bye James, nice to meet you.

Ally: Can I flick like, just a little piece of bronze at him and be like,

Kristen: Here's for the beer.

(laughs)

Brennan: You see that one of his tentacles whips out, grabs it. And you see
Tracker yells out,

Tracker: I know we're all being glib, but don't fucking touch women without
their permission!

Brennan: And you see that as the pirates leave, Tracker looks over to you and
says,

Tracker: I don't give a fuck if we're in a pirate city. I don't give a fuck.

Kristen: Yeah. No one's touching my hips and trying to get by at the bar.

Tracker: If I see a fucking hand or a hook or a fucking peg leg go for the
small of someone's back, it's on.

Kristen: I say, would you touch a man like that? Men aren't walking around
touching the smalls of each others' backs to get around, no. You just move
around.

Fig: You guys need to get Hellish Rebuke. 'Cause literally any time someone
touches me, I just spit flames.

Kristen: (gasps) I like that.

Brennan: You see Garthy snaps their fingers, and the music kicks up again.
Garthy looks over and they say,

Garthy: Well, that was a little bit of a party, we almost swooned for
ourselves, wasn't it? You certainly have some spark.

(cheerful fiddling)

Fabian: I mean. Yeah, I'm my father's son through and through.

Garthy: Well, I understand that your father passed away. I'm very sorry to
hear that.

Fabian: It's fine. I killed him.

Garthy: I heard that as well. I didn't know the man as a true close and
personal friend, but I can't help but think that's how he would've wanted to
go. So lovelies, what brings us to Leviathan and the Gold Gardens?

Riz: We were actually hoping to speak to you.

Garthy: Speak away.

(jubilant music)

Riz: Is there anywhere we can speak to you in private?

Garthy: Absolutely, the Gold Gardens are home to all sorts of, would you like
to play some cards, take in a show? Smoke some hookah?

Fig: I think we're just looking for privacy so we can have some words.

Riz: Yeah, we just wanted to talk to you about any—

Garthy: Okay, well I'd like some hookah. So I'm gonna go to the hookah room.

Kristen: I would like some more mead.

Garthy: Absolutely.

Kristen: This time I can buy it.

Garthy: Darling, of course!

Fig: I will take the dragon spice.

Brennan: You see that they snap their fingers, some dragon spice and some mead
come over. And they lead you guys into this plush, lovely little hookah lounge
in this like, it's effectively like a pirate Moulin Rouge, like a multi
building, entertainment, gambling, sex work. You see there's like some health
and wellness. You see like these sort of crusty old pirates getting like
massages and acupuncture over in the corner. This place looks like the fucking
best. They lead you into this hookah area and sit down and go,

Garthy: So, loves. You've come all this way, and I can't help but notice
you're coming with young Mr. Ash here.

Brennan: And you see that Alistair nods. You see, says,

Garthy: So you've heard that your father has not truly abandoned the city of
Leviathan.

Fabian: I'm sorry, how do you figure?

Garthy: Well, his acolytes and followers are still very present.

Fabian: That's right.

Garthy: Though they are extremely destitute.

Fig: It doesn't seem like a good situation.

Brennan: Alistair says,

Alistair: I think it's great, I really like it.

Fig: I mean, intellectually yes, it's very fun, I enjoy the idea of it, but I
worry about the followers getting caught in some sort of trap.

Alistair: If any of you are interested, I have a small presentation.

Adaine: Do we get anything if we watch the small presentation, regardless of
whether we join or not?

Fig: A Bellini.

Alistair: Yes, you do get one Bellini, but if I could, I'd need one of you to
front the money for me to be able to buy the Bellinis.

Fabian: Alright, well we'll do that later at some point.

Brennan: Garthy looks up and says,

Garthy: So, you understand that Leviathan is in a precarious situation? I
think our friend Captain James, who arrived here only this morning, wants to
undo some of what the late great Bill Seacaster did when he was the terror of
the Celestine Sea.

Fig: What precisely did Bill Seacaster do? Just his presence, his name, his
representation, James wants to undo?

Fabian: If what James is saying is true, he means to. My father was, you know,
as much as he believed in the nature of captainship and the whole captain,
crew, and no democracy sort of thing, was not a fan of the idea of a pirate
king. And I guess there was one before, but then my father came and killed
him, and then was like, never again. So as far as I understand, there hasn't
been a pirate king in Leviathan since my father.

Garthy: If you get a chance, it's sort of touristy. But you could head over to
Gibbety Square, and see the old pirate king's head, which has been
artificially preserved with magic, stabbed through the tongue with a dagger
and hangs from the mosque in the center of Gibbety Square.

Riz: Gibbity square?

Fig: Dippity square?

Garthy: Gibbety. With a sign hanging from it that says, no kings for a
captain.

Fabian: That's my papa!

Adaine: That's touristy?

Garthy: There are tourists. Like, oh, let's go to Gibbety Square and take in
the sights.

Fig: It's in the (not sure what she said)

Gorgug: We're tourists. I'm not gonna apologize for wanting to look at the
city.

Adaine: We're travelers, we're not tourists.

Gorgug: I'm kind of a tourist.

Adaine: We're adventurers. We're not here on vacation.

Gorgug: I'm an adventurer?

Fig: What were you meeting with Bill Seacaster about in the Hotel Cavalier?

Garthy: Oh I see that you know a little more of my business than I had
anticipated at first. Well.

(laughing)

Siobhan: So drunk.

Ally: I'm two thirds of the way through this second mead.

Siobhan: Mead is so strong, it's stronger than wine.

Kristen: It just tastes like I'm just drinking honey.

Brennan: Tracker goes,

Tracker: Babe, are you okay?

Kristen: I think I'm more than okay.

Brennan: You see that they look at you and go,

Garthy: So, I was supplying your father with palimpsests. I trade in a lot of
fine goods and especially those that are magical in nature. So I was able to
provide Captain Seacaster with a certain measure of palimpsests, as well as
other gems and artifacts of the like. I had a regular meeting with him. The
last time I went to Bastion City, there was, how do you say it? We had always
scheduled that I would go to the room, there was a secret compartment, I would
drop it there, he would come in. Because part of his general amnesty with
Solace, was that he couldn't be seen with any active pirates. So, we had to
work that out, right? Now, the last time I went, the staff had all changed up.
Different people were working there. And I made the drop. And the staff came
and said to me basically, you know, “hey, we need to work something out here,
because Bill's not coming.” And I said, likely story, I'm gonna fuck off, and
not have anything to do with this. And then they all transformed into demons
that sort of—

Fabian: Hm, yes.

Garthy: They took a velvet pouch of mine that had some goods that I was
selling to some other buyers, and also some things I had bought to bring back
here.

Riz: Gems?

Garthy: Gems, that's right.

Fig: Do you ever get gems from the Red Waste?

Brennan: You see, says,

Garthy: From the Red Waste? No, not particularly. I mean, occasionally. But
you know, not as a rule.

Adaine: Do you know anything about the Shadow Cat?

(Brennan rolls)

Garthy: ...Shadow Cat.

Adaine: Kalina?

Garthy: I don't know the name Kalina, darling, but the name Shadow Cat does
ring a bell.

Emily: Can I show the picture?

Brennan: You show them the picture. You see they look at it and go,

Garthy: Just a rather cute goblin holding onto nobody.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check to see if they're,

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: If they're telling the truth.

Emily: Called your dad cute.

Zac: Is there any way to tell what spell someone is concentrating on without
actually casting magic?

Siobhan: I can cast Detect Magic as a ritual. It'll take us 10 minutes, and
it'll be obvious that I'm sitting here casting a ritual spell.

Brennan: Anyone that wants to can give a—

Siobhan: I can do an Arcana check.

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Arcana check.

Ally: I have 26 on my Insight into them.

Siobhan: 14.

Brennan: Cool. 14... You think that they are maintaining concentration on
Detect Evil and Good.

Siobhan: Oh, okay, hmm.

Brennan: They're just trying, they just hang out at the bar and keep an eye
on—

Murph: Great.

Riz: Did you have, the gems that you lost, did you have a celestial trapped in
one of them?

Garthy: I did, it was a rare find, I was bringing it back.

Fig: Cool.

Riz: Interesting.

Fig: I have a question.

Kristen: We've been learning about that in school.

Fig: Have you ever encountered a gem in all of your gem dealing that looks
clouded over?

Garthy: Clouded over. Some gems have imperfections or flaws. Small cracks
inside them make a sort of cloudy look, but--

Fig: No, something like this.

Brennan: You see their eyes go wide, those golden irises literally like,
rotate, (whirring) and they look and say,

Garthy: Oh dear. That's a flawless ruby. May I?

Fig: You can touch it while it's in my hand.

Garthy: Cautious.

Brennan: Touches it.

Garthy: Darling, that's holding onto a powerful fiend, I'll have you know.

Fig: (quietly) It's my dad.

Garthy: Oh. Lovely, I'm so sorry, how long has your pa been in there?

Fig: Couple days.

Garthy: Oh.

Fig: Yeah. We have a relationship, yeah. But it's all clouded over, isn't it?

Brennan: You see they look and, hold on one second. They nod and say,

Garthy: The demons were trying to grab gems there. I think, honestly, in my
escape, I think I had set up, at the Hotel Cavalier, because they had found
some clue that I was going to be there. So they were just trying to find their
way to get a hold of these gems like that. So, the one they were most excited
about was that one. But, they couldn't use it, because it already had a
celestial bound into it, so, it was rubbish by the time they got it, right?
Any of the gems that were empty in my pouch weren't big enough for what they
were looking to bind. So they had to start looking further afield. These
demons, by the way, were… They hadn't gotten to the Prime Material by honest
means. They'd been summoned and bound here, and detecting what I could, I
mean, you know, a studied magician by any means, but, they had sort of a, what
would you call it? The summons that had been placed on them had been there for
hundreds of years. They were fulfilling some debt or obligation to a being
capable of binding an extraplanar being for centuries.

Adaine: The crown of the Nightmare King can do that.

Fig: Yeah.

Garthy: What'd you say, the crown of the Nightmare King?

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Riz: Are you familiar with the Nightmare King?

Garthy: It passed through the Gold Gardens not long ago.

Adaine: What?

Fig: When?

Fabian: I'm sorry? (laughs) The Nightmare King?

Riz: The crown, or the Nightmare King?

Garthy: (scoffs) Not the Nightmare King, darling, that would've been an
apocalypse.

Fig: The crown.

Garthy: I mean if the Nightmare King were--

Riz: Somebody had the crown? It was here?

Fig: Where did it go to?

Garthy: An elven woman came through the Golden Gardens.

Adaine: Was it this woman?

Siobhan: I show a picture of my mom.

Garthy: Lovey, it was. Do you know her?

Adaine: Yeah, we've met.

Garthy narrows their eyes at Adaine for a moment.

Garthy: Ah. Family can be challenging, that's for sure.

Adaine: Well, but also I don't trust the Nightmare King to not create
something that looks like my mother to mess with us.

Garthy: (sighs) She came here with the crown, after… She came here with the
crown to have some curse breaking done on it. I'm a bit of a touch with curse
breaking just naturally. I handled it for her. And she had put some sort of
Nystul's Aura on it, and so, I didn't know what I was breaking a curse on
until after I'd broken it. And after that point I said, you need to get that
out of my fucking place of business. Post-haste.

Kristen: What kind of curse were you breaking?

Garthy: A curse placed on her. The crown of the Nightmare King is a powerful
talisman, yeah? So… She had been fighting a curse that had been put on her
just by handling the crown to begin with.

Fig: Oh.

Garthy: And by breaking that curse, she was able to handle it more freely.

Fig: Hmm.

Riz: Do you know where she went?

Garthy: After she came here, well, she talked about, she was frustrated that
she couldn't get to where she was trying to get to by honest means. I don't
think she could teleport there because she had never been there before and
didn't have a description of it.

Kristen: The forest, maybe?

Riz: Has she been to Fallinel?

Fabian: That's where she's from.

Siobhan: She's from Fallinel.

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: Okay.

Kristen: So maybe it was the forest?

Riz: So she's… So she's not headed towards Aelwyn?

Kristen: Did she say anything about like, her kids, or anything like that?

Garthy: I didn't ask. People come here to get away from family for the most
part.

Gorgug: So when you say you can naturally break curses, do you think you can
break the curse on that ruby? It's sort of a trap, I guess, but we were just
wondering.

Brenan: They look at it and come up with the same conclusion that Kristen came
up with which is that there's no way to break it without getting to the
contingency inside of it that's going to destroy Gortholax.

Fig: What does it feel like for him to be in here?

Garthy: (sighs) Well.. I could tell you a very sweet lie, which is more my
style.

Ally: I put my arm around Fig.

Fig: Give me the truth.

Garthy: It probably hurts a great deal. But, if your pa is as powerful as he
feels, I imagine that pain is not something that he's unable to withstand,
darling. He's from the Nine Hells after all, pain's kind of their thing.

Gorgug: This is sort of a change in subject that, as the gears are turning in
my brain,

Fig: (whispering) Rude.

Gorgug: I'm worried that people are gonna get mad at me when I say it out
loud, but… What's going on with your tattoos?

Adaine: I was actually thinking that as well, they're beautiful.

Garthy: Oh darling, thank you, I do like them. Well, they're, the tattoo's in
Celestial. They mean something. I am descended from the Zajiri, do you know
what that is?

Gorgug: Zajiri? No.

Garthy: So it's kind of funny yeah, because there are the gods of the upper
planes, Helio and the like. And those gods have attendant angels and such.
Beings that serve them. And then they often have fiends that live in the lower
planes that oppose them. But it's kind of funny, right, because the fiends are
actually a part of the same pantheon, yeah? They're a part of that beliefs
system, so in a weird way, even though they're opposed, they are in a similar
faction, yeah? It's like, the devils of the Nine Hells that are fallen angels
of Helio aren't the servants of dark gods, they're actually just opposition to
the gods of light. Now what most people don't know is that the same is true of
the gods of darkness. So, the orcs, yeah, have their god. God of, you know,
Gruumsh One-Eye, god of slaughter, right? And Gruumsh has his attendant
servants, yeah? But they're actually celestials that exist like fiends in
opposition to that dark god.

Fig: Are any of the celestials fallen from Gruumsh?

Garthy: Yes, my ancestors. The Zajiri are the reverse of a fallen angel. We're
like...

Adaine: A risen devil?

Garthy: A risen devil you might say. My ancestors, the Zajiri represent, in
the Orcish belief system, which is all about war and stuff like that.

Adaine: Really sharp leaves.

Garthy: Really?

Gorgug: Yeah. I died once.

Brennan: You see that they point to the floral tattoos on their side and
there's some sharp leaf designs there. They look and say,

Garthy: Basically, the Zajiri represent everything in life that is soft and
beautiful and wonderful. Things that are pleasing and pleasurable, right? But
they represent that in a bad way, it's temptation, yeah? So the Zajiri are
kind of like holy succubi. The job is to fuck people into being decent,
basically.

Adaine: Oh, cool.

Fabian: Wow.

Gorgug: That's a job?

Fabian: About that.

Fig: I would watch a show about that.

Adaine: That's cool.

Riz: So did the, you had a gem with a celestial in it.

Garthy: Yes, that's right.

Riz: And was that celestial an evil being?

Garthy: Was that celestial an evil being? No, the celestial was not an evil
being. That celestial's name I believe was Zaphriel. They were a celestial of
hanging out and having chill times.

Fig: They were a planetar right?

Riz: Just making sure.

Garthy: Yes, that's right, yes, absolutely.

Fig: What is a planetar?

Garthy: A planetar is second in the angelic order underneath the solar.

Fig: Cool.

Garthy: Little bit of cosmology. So! You've come here chasing the crown of the
Nightmare King, yeah?

Kristen: I have a question. Wait. Would the Nightmare King have like a risen
devil equivalent of it? Or that's more like...

Riz: We don't know where it's even really from, I think.

Garthy: Well that's sort of the issue, isn't it? Is that the Nightmare King is
an abomination. I mean, he defies categorization, you know. I know that he has
in the past allied with demons, which is part of why, and the Shadow Cat says,
you haven't encountered this Shadow Cat at all, have you?

Gorgug: I think we did.

Fig: We have people on our party who have.

Riz: We've seen the Shadow Cat.

Garthy: Okay.

Adaine: The Shadow Cat is in this picture. But you can't see it and we can't
see it, but some people can, and we haven't figured out how yet.

Fig: I think it's if they've met, if someone's met the Shadow Cat.

Adaine: But then why would Riz's mom have met the Shadow Cat?

Kristen: Have you met the Shadow Cat?

Garthy: (to Kristen) No, darling, I haven’t.

Riz: (to Adaine) 'Cause she worked with my dad.

Adaine: No but, why would Sandra Lynn then, have met the Shadow Cat?

Gorgug: Because worked in the, like people in the, that worked in the
Celestine Sea had crossed paths possibly with Shadow Cat?

Adaine: I mean maybe, that seems so random.

Gorgug: I think that's what was described last time we talked about it.

Garthy: So, you've come seeking the crown of the Nightmare King. The only
thing I can give you is the information that's, you know, I effectively was
doing business with Bill Seacaster. That alerted these demons to my location,
they came finding gems and such. And when they… They needed the gem for some
kind of ritual. There was something involving like a sacrifice or something
along those lines.

Riz: Right.

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: They tried that.

Garthy: On you?

Riz: Yeah.

Garthy: (genuinely concerned) Oh! I'm so sorry, love.

Riz: I'm okay.

Garthy: Are you sure?

Riz: Yeah.

Fig: It was me who did it.

Fabian: And then saved him.

Fig: Not of my own accord.

Adaine: The Nightmare King is… He's bad.

Fig: Someone came to me in my dreams and controlled me and had me put my own
dad in a gem and try and kill my friend.

Garthy: You've been through an awful lot, love, I'm sorry to hear that. Well.
If there's any help you need now, what I can tell you is that the woman that I
kicked out of here made her way back out to a ship in Hullcliff. And I believe
that ship may have been bound for Fallinel.

Riz: Okay.

Kristen: That makes sense.

Riz: So perhaps she's trying to free Aelwyn.

Adaine: Do you know the name of the ship?

Garthy: Sorry love, I didn't catch it.

Fig: If she had the crown, would that make it easier for her to free Aelwyn?

Gorgug: I would bet.

Adaine: I mean who knows.

Fig: What a length to go to, though, I would think she would have diplomatic
means to free Aelwyn that she wouldn't need to resort to...

Adaine: Well, but they're no longer, my father isn't an ambassador any more.

Fig: Yeah, but…

Adaine: They're just disgraced in Fallinel, maybe?

Gorgug: Well. We could just head that way and see what we see.

Fig: What flavor hookah is this by the way?

Garthy: What's that?

Fig: What flavor hookah?

Garthy: Oh, it's peach mint cucumber.

Kristen: Whoa.

Fig: Okay, there was a lot going on, so it was hard to guess just one.

Garthy: You know, I don't like it too sweet, I'll be honest.

Fig: Try passionfruit.

Garthy: I like it a little more, yeah, I like it, you know, I want to, it's
like solving a puzzle, you know? Keep it interesting.

Siobhan: I try the hookah and just cough so much.

Ally: Can we ask Alistair if he… who he sees in this picture?

Brennan: Alistair looks at the picture. You see he says,

Alistair: Oh. Right, well there's a goblin, right? Looks kind of like you!
That's nice!

Ally: It was worth a try.

Alistair: Is this a painting? It's really good.

Riz: It's a really good painting.

Adaine: A really good painting. You don't see another person there, you just
see one person?

Alistair: I'm sorry, am I making a mistake?

Adaine: No, no.

Fig: No.

Fabian: You got it right.

Emily: Can I message Fabian and say,

Fig: Should we try to pay (mispronounced) Garthy for their silence, on
everything, 'cause we just,

Siobhan: Garthy?

Emily: Garthy.

Fabian: I mean, they seem to be quite the business person, and it's bad
business to talk about business you do with others, we could pay them, but, I
don't know, it feels like they can be, I mean, they did very quickly tell us
they'd seen Adaine's mother, so...

Fig: Yeah, I guess I was just, I mean I don't think, I wouldn't mean it in
like a rude way I would mean in sort of like a respect, like I know that money
is what greases the wheel.

Fig: I feel like offering can't hurt.

Gorgug: Garthy. I can't figure out how to… Would it be crazy if I got a tat?

Garthy: Would you like a celestial tat?

Gorgug: I don't know. I think it'd be kind of cool.

Adaine: I think you should.

Brennan: You see they look at you and say,

Garthy: Oh, maybe a little sort of Zajiri reverse demonic celestial script on
you.

Brennan: Says,

Garthy: Well. It would be a lovely celebration of your Orcish heritage. And it
would sort, I mean, it's kind of the Orcish version of being a satanist, but
you're also a good guy, so it's kind of like a win win.

Gorgug: It sounds awesome.

Fig: Can I get just pain in Zajiri on my inner wrist?

Brennan: You see that--

Fig: To sort of remember that's what's going on with Gorthalax?

Brennan: Garthy looks up and says,

Garthy: You know that you get a free tattoo with a room here.

Fig: We'll get a room as well.

Adaine: Can we get the room without the tattoo?

Riz: I will also not take the tattoo.

Garthy: Listen. No one's gonna force you to get a tattoo, but, you do get one
and we can't waive that, so, you can give it to someone else, you can hold it
in a tab.

Riz: Fig can have my tattoo.

Kristen: I'll definitely get a tattoo.

Fabian: Of course.

Brennan: Cool. You—

Fig: Yeah I'll get pain here and pleasure here.

Kristen: The duality!

Brenan: You get a little ping, Gorgug, from the Hangvan, going,

Van: Hey, hey, come in.

Gorgug: What's up?

Van: Over and out.

Gorgug: Hey. I can hear you!

Van: Whoa, awesome!

Gorgug: Whoa.

Van: (incongruously cheerful) So we've been discovered by bandits. And pretty
much they are rocking me hard. While—

Gorgug: Where is everyone?

Van: Hmm?

Gorgug: Where's everyone else?

Van: A lot of people are hiding inside me. Gilear is either dead or
unconscious.

Fig: Okay, who wants to Dimension Door?

Adaine: I think we're too far to Dimension Door, aren't we?

Riz: Yeah we're like halfway through the city.

Van: I feel like I can motor through these guys pretty easy, should I head to
where you're all at?

Gorgug: Might be pretty disruptive. Uh… yeah.

(laughing)

Van: Okay. I'm gonna… Beep beep, hey everybody, get out of the way, or I'm
gonna run over you, so sorry.

Brennan: You hear a voice coming over the radio saying,

Gilear: (groans) Cathilda has brought me back to life with some kind of
potion. I'm going to do my best to drive the van. Oh.

Adaine: The van drives itself.

Gilear: No it specifically doesn't, oh god! I'm responsible for what I'm
doing!

(laughing)

Adaine: Did you tell him his name?

Gorgug: Who, the van? Your name's Van Boat.

Adaine: No!

(laughing)

Adaine: His real name!

Gorgug: No I think it's Van Boat.

Brennan: You guys, for rooms here, there is a, the most basic is two gold
pieces a night. You can go up to 10 for a little bit nicer and some amenities,
and there's like, a 50 gold piece premium pass, which is like—

Siobhan: Will that fit all of us?

Emily: I'm getting a 50 gold piece for Gilear. And a two gold piece for
myself.

Siobhan: What are you doing?

Kristen: You think Gilear's gonna make it here?

Emily: I'm The Secreting it.

Siobhan: How big is the 50 gold piece room? Is this like a suite situation
that we could all comfortably stay in?

Brennan: Oh, 50? If you guys want to get multiple suites, you totally can, you
wanna be in the same place, or like, chip in and like—

Siobhan: I just feel like it would be safer for us to all be in the same
place.

Ally: Yeah, maybe I'll talk to Tracker and say,

Kristen: Can we keep doing that?

Brennan: You guys can get the full benefit of like, the entertainment and food
for everybody and then just one big suite together for a round price of 300
gold pieces.

Ally: Okay.

Riz: Pricey, but--

Fabian: Sounds great.

Fig: How are we dividing it up amongst us?

Fabian: I'll get this one and you guys can get the next one.

Adaine: Yeah we'll figure it out.

Fabian: In the next city, great.

Adaine: I feel like we should each chip in money into a pool that we can just
pull from the pool.

Fig: Pool our money.

Gorgug: I think Fabian's got it.

Fabian: I do have got this. I do have got this, guys, I do have got this.

(folk music)

Adaine: Thanks, Fabian.

Fabian: Are all of our loved ones and hirelings currently hurtling here?

Riz: Driving through bandits?

Fabian: Being driven by Gilear through the Sternwood? Do we need to do
something about that, or are we just going to—

Fig: I kind of think I should disguise myself and run out and like, just be
backup in case they like, run into a store.

Adaine: You wanna fly?

Fig: Yeah. (laughs) I do.

Siobhan: Great. Can I cast Fly as a fourth level spell on both me and Fig?

Fig puts her arms forward like Superman.

Brennan: Yes, you actually can.

(laughing)

Siobhan: 10 minutes.

Brennan: You guys fly over the Sternwood in the evening--

Murph: Can I hang onto somebody's back?

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah, for sure.

Riz: Look out for arrows.

(laughs)

Siobhan: Oh yeah then maybe I should cast it on—

Emily: But I can also cast Darkness on us. So we're just a flying—

Siobhan: Okay, and I have Darkvision because of Boggy. (laughs)

Brennan: Incredible. So, you take off flying into the night sky. You see the
headlights of the van moving through Four Castles. Just (bumping) running over
pirates, yarr! (crashing) Beep, beep! Gilear going,

Gilear: I'm crying so hard that I can't see!

Brennan: And just tearing off down these wooden planks. What do you guys do as
you arrive here?

Emily: I think we're just there to like watch the—

Murph: Just wanna, you wanna make sure the van gets through.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You guys see that, Tracker actually is gonna come with you guys too.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: She transforms into a, like again, she fully becomes that spectral
wolf, and flies by running alongside you guys. You see that where she runs,
where her like, ghostly glowing translucent feet touch, a forest path appears
in the air briefly underneath her and fades as she lifts her feet. (whooshes)
Rushing through the air. As you guys arrive over at the van, what do you do as
you approach the van?

Emily: Let's just maybe like, hop on top of it.

Siobhan: Yeah, I was thinking I could maybe just take over for driving from
Gilear because he seems very...

Emily: That's true too.

Murph: Yeah, let's just fly into the--

Brennan: You guys see that Cathilda, just a little bit different music here.
(the music changes to something adventurous) You see that as you guys go, you
see Cathilda is leaning out, hurling daggers at people just, (whooshing)
(grunting) arrows are raining down from Sandra Lynn up above flying over with
Baxter. As you guys approach, you see that Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: (yells) Just in time, thanks for coming!

Brennan: You guys (whooshing) fly in. Tracker rushes in. Gilear is in the
driver's seat, you see that Ragh has been fighting, like, tremendously. As you
guys rush in, just you guys roll initiative. So Riz, Adaine, and Fig.

(dice rolling)

Lou: Are we just smoking hookah?

Brennan: You're smoking hookah, having a ball!

Zac: Am I getting a tattoo?

Emily: 7.

Murph: 19.

Siobhan: 3. I rolled a nat one.

Brennan: Awesome. What's the first thing that Riz does as he approaches?
They're like, just a horde of about like, blasting at the Hangvan as Gilear
drives it.

Murph: I think I'm gonna, like, hop in Gilear's lap as I like, push him out

of the way, and I go,

Riz: Get out of the way Gilear, I've killed people before, it's fine.

Brennan: You are like, jumping. Give me an Acrobatics to leap in there.

Murph: That is 15.

Brennan: Cool. You leap in. Do you, as you leap in, give me a Dexterity saving
throw. DC, I'll call it a DC 15.

Murph: Oh no. Oh, 15!

Brennan: Oh hey! You do not hit Gilear in the head and knock him unconscious.
He goes,

Gilear: (grunts) Very well! Young Riz, thank god you're here. I've taken so
many lives, I can't stop crying.

Riz: You're an adventurer now, Gilear.

Gilear: Oh, why?

Brennan: After Riz goes, you see Ragh fully bleeding out. Or no, I'm so sorry.

Siobhan: Ragh was with us in the--

Brennan: Ragh was with you guys, my mistake.

Lou: He's currently hitting that hookah real hard.

Brennan: Cool. You guys see that Tracker flies up to where Sandra Lynn is.
That's next, what did you guys get over here?

Emily: I got a 7.

Brennan: 7.

Siobhan: I got a 3.

Brennan: Fig, you're next to go.

Emily: You said there's groups of pirates coming at us?

Brennan: Yes.

Emily: Okay. I wanna target the group of pirates that I can target the most
with a 10 foot radius sphere, and Shatter them. Ideally if they're like under
an awning so that then the awning collapses on them.

Brennan: Awesome. You can get four of these pirates with one Shatter.

Emily: Okay, cool. I'll do that, then. And I'm gonna do it at a third level.

Zac: Do you just roll damage for that?

Emily: Well they do like, Constitution save. And they get (clears throat) 21
thunder damage.

Brennan: Woo, 21 thunder damage? Damn.

Emily: Or, I mean half if they save.

Brennan: Okay. Hold on one second, I'll roll for these four.

(intense piratey music)

Brennan: You see, ooh, those are bad rolls. You see that as you

(blaring) on your bass, you're like a flying rock star. Two of these pirates
turn around and say,

Pirates: What be this? (screaming)

Brennan: (blasting) And you see that they just fully explode. And the other
two are grievously injured.

Pirates: (screams) It feels like metal, somehow!

Fig: It's rock, baby! This is what I've been telling you all about!

Brennan: (screams) That is Fig, that is going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'm gonna cast Lightning Bolt out in front of us. So it's a 100
foot line. Anything in front of us takes 8d6 lightning damage on a Dex saving
throw.

Brennan: Awesome. You can catch another four of these pirates with that
Lightning Bolt.

Siobhan: Okay, so that's 10… Ooh, 20. That's 30 damage.

Brennan: Oh. Three of the four are gone in an instant, and the last one is
half dead. You've killed five of the ten of them right away.

Siobhan: Oh by the way, also, anybody who tries to get in the back door, my
Snare spell lasts for eight hours, and they have to do an Intelligence saving
throw to spot the trap, spot the...

Brennan: Awesome.

Siobhan: Snare.

Brennan: These pirates are gonna go. One takes a shot at Fig and misses.
(Emily laughs) Another takes a shot. Adaine hits.

Siobhan: Shield.

Brennan: (laughs) Misses. (whooshing) A little abjurative shield goes in front
of you. Pirate misses. Most of the ones you see are dead on the ground with
arrows through them. A bunch take shots at Sandra Lynn who's been working
these guys for a while. Sandra Lynn, flying, says,

Sandra Lynn: Hell, yeah, light 'em up!

Brennan: And you hear (blasting) from flintlock pistols, and a pistol ball
goes under her arm, into her ribcage and she falls onto Baxter.

Fig: No!

Brennan: Sandra Lynn begins to fall. Gilear is in the back. Cathilda… quickly
finishes off the two that were injured by you, now there's only three left.
That's gonna go back to the top of the order with Riz.

Murph: Yikes. Okay. So, Sandra Lynn is falling out of the air. How many more
pirates are there? Are they just like—

Brennan: About three of them that have just shot flintlocks.

Murph: Got it. Okay. I am going to, I guess I'll shoot at the ones that are
shooting Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: Go for it. Cool.

Murph: Unless I can hit them with the car.

Brennan: Actually, feel free to, give me a, just a Dexterity check.

Murph: Sweet. Nat 20. (claps)

(Emily cheering)

Brennan: I was gonna say, this is 4d6 slamming damage, go ahead and throw 8d6.

(cheering)

Ally: Yes, crit with the Hangvan!

Murph: I wanna say like, as I push Gilear out of the way who's been super
hesitant, I lean out the window like shooting in a direct line so they have to
move and get in the way of the van and then I crush them.

(laughing)

(dice rolling)

Murph: 5, 8, 16… 29 damage.

Brennan: Jesus! The last three pirates go, you see one of them hit Sandra

Lynn and he goes,

Pirate: Yar har! (screams)

Brennan: Headlights. Beep, beep! You see the van says,

Van: (cheerful) Far out!

(violent rumbling)

Brennan: As you just feel bodies under the wheels of the van. You see that
Gilear goes,

Gilear: The shocks on the van are not strong enough, you can feel the bones
crunching even while you're inside.

Siobhan: I pass Boggy to him.

Gilear: I need the frog?

Brennan: (laughing) You see, that is Tracker's turn. Tracker flies up, catches
Sandra Lynn. And as she catches Sandra Lynn in her mouth, you see Tracker
flies down, lands with Sandra Lynn on a rooftop, transforms… And you see that
Tracker does this like, insane healing spell, where she changes, her mouth has
fangs, goes like (snarls) bites into her own wrist to tear open blood. Bites
Sandra Lynn's wrist, and puts them together, and you see the blood gushes out
her body, into Sandra Lynn's body, and Sandra Lynn (gasps) is basically almost
guaranteed fully healed.

Ally: Whoa.

Murph: Damn, Tracker.

Brennan: Yeah. As she like, exchanges blood with Sandra Lynn for a moment and
Sandra Lynn is fully healed. The bullet is pushed out of the wound in her
chest. And you guys are, almost as soon as you started it, out of combat!

(music stops)

Ally: The whole time we're smoking, like,

Kristen: I'm almost too full of mead. You know when you drink a lot, it feels
almost like you ate?

Fabian: Yes, yes, like you don't need dinner any more. It's like mead was
dinner.

Gorgug: Calories wise, you're probably around the same boat.

Brennan: You guys see your friends all come into the Gold Gardens.

Siobhan: I'm starving.

Fabian: Honestly, drink mead.

Siobhan: I can't drink mead, I'm on meds.

(laughs)

Fabian: Okay, fine.

Fig: I'm also straight edge.

Adaine: You just had ketamine.

Murph: Straight edge except drugs. Straight edge except drugs, remember?

Kristen: What does that get you?

Fig: It's just a lifestyle.

Kristen: Isn't straight edge like virginity as well? Isn't it like, no sex?

Fig: You know that's personal, huh?

Kristen: Oh okay.

(laughs)

Fabian: I thought you were working on opening up.

Fig: (crosses her arms) Well look what good it did me.

Brennan: You guys walk in.

(jaunty folk music playing)

Adaine: This bar is so jaunty.

Brennan: It's extremely jaunty. But there's like, other places around here,
there's like, the very raucous place. There's also like a more chill, laid
back, they might have better food, and—

Siobhan: Yeah, let's go there.

Brennan: Cool, cool, cool. You guys head over to the more chill place. You see
that there's cool shows going on here, there's like dancers and acrobats, but
they're kind of farther away so you can like relax, there's not like pressure
to watch the show. You guys are enjoying this like incredible fare, of sort of
like hearty pirate stew, along with sort of a garlicky flatbread, there's mead
and wine and liquor and whiskey flowing. You see Sandra Lynn

comes in and goes,

Sandra Lynn: Whew! I almost died.

Fig: Yeah, are you okay? Do you need any more hit points?

Sandra Lynn: Sweetie, I'm good. I'll tell you what I'm gonna do though. I'm
gonna get fucking drunk.

Kristen: Do you wanna shot?

(slurps)

Sandra Lynn: Let's do another.

Fig: Okay, if my mom’s doin’ it, I’m doin’ it.

Kristen: Yeah!

Murph: You're straight edge except for drugs!

Gorgug: You drank last time we played.

Fig: I know, with my mom. That’s my rule. My mom—

Ally: I hug Tracker in a weird way where I kind of like shift, and then all of
a sudden I'm riding on her back, like a piggyback ride.

Brennan: She transforms into like a full wolf, and begins to like, sort of
just prance around.

Kristen: Whee!

Brennan: You see Tracker, even in wolf form, she's shaking her head.

Kristen: This is so fun, babe!

Tracker: You are a lightweight.

Brennan: You see she heads off.

Kristen: I need a hat.

Fabian: The Ball, let's do snuff for the first time. Alright?

Riz: Come on, let's do snuff. Remember my father offered you guys all--

Ragh: The Ball, do snuff.

Fabian: Come on, The Ball.

Ragh: Do snuff, The Ball.

Fabian: Do snuff with us, dude.

Riz: I'm not gonna do drugs.

Fabian: The Ball, come on, do snuff, it's, we're in Leviathan. For the rest of
your life, you wanna say that you were in Leviathan and like, not doing snuff?

Ragh: I just wanna say something. For real, if you don't wanna do drugs, you
don't have to, but let me just say that like, you know, when I do snuff, it's
like, oh, like, it's not just about partying, it's like, you know your mind is
like this, (makes a narrow shape with his hands) and then you, you know. But
then it's like this. (throws his hands wide) You get it?

Riz: Alright, now this is convincing.

Fabian: How about that?

Riz: I'll do a little bit of snuff.

Fabian: Yes!

(laughing)

Riz: The Ball is gonna do a little bit of snuff!

Kristen: That was good!

Adaine: Don't get The Ball on a drug that will focus him more.

Brennan: You see that Gilear looks up and says,

Gilear: I think someone has spiked my stew with drugs.

(laughing)

Gorgug: Your stew?

Gilear: Yes, there's something in it that's—

Adaine: I think it's just because it's the first food you've eaten that's not
dairy based in about 30 years.

Gilear: No, it's burning my mouth.

Adiane: Oh, it's spicy.

Fig: Gilear, that's just spice.

Gilear: It's burning my mouth like drugs.

Ally: I pat Gilear on the back and cast Warding Bond.

(laughing)

Gorgug: I think a little coil from the hookah fell into your stew.

(laughing)

Gilear: I've terribly burned my mouth. Alright. I'm going to go to the
bathroom to run cold water. Do they have plumbing here?

Gorgug: I don't know. I have not gone.

Adaine: I very much doubt it.

Fabian: You can go up to one of our suites. We have luxury suites.

Fig: We do have the best money can buy.

Ally: For the next hour, Gilear's AC goes up by one and any damage he takes, I
take instead.

Brennan: He looks and says,

Gilear: I'm going to go try to find a bathroom. And he walks around the
corner. Almost immediately you begin to start taking damage.

(laughing)

Kristen: What's happening?

Fabian: Gilear is living, alright. I don't know what to tell you.

Kristen: Did he fall in the bathroom?

Riz: He's just scrubbing his tongue too hard.

Brennan: You see that Gilear comes back out with a black eye and says,

Gilear: Someone in the bathroom called me their hearty. And I asked, I
apologized to them and they punched me in the face.

Adaine: Why don't you go stay in the suite, Gilear?

Gilear: I think I should go to the suite.

Ally: How much damage did that take?

Brennan: You took one point of damage.

(laughing)

Ally: Okay. One tenth of his hit points.

Gilear: Ah, the food here is completely inedible, and the people here are,
honestly even without the violence, much too rowdy.

Brennan: And you see that he walks away.

Adaine: Is there some kind of non alcoholic grog that I could drink?

Brennan: You see that one of the servers of the Gold Gardens comes over and
presents you a like, beautiful fizzing pomegranate juice in a little glass
chalice.

Adaine: (raises glass) Ahoy!

Emily: I also will get one of those, and I do my dragon spice.

Brennan: You do some dragon spice. You guys are a bunch of fucked up children.

Emily: I guess I'll do a little bit of it. I'll save some for later.

(exotic music)

Zac: Is there anyone who works here I could ask about, is there a bartender
anywhere nearby, I just wanna...

Brennan: Yeah, let's do a bartender.

Gorgug: Hey. You guys got any like, kind of cell towers around here? Just sort
of towers, for--

Bartender: (pirate accent) Sorry, what's that? A cell tower?

Gorgug: So this is my crystal.

Bartender: Oh, we do. We do have a cell tower.

Gorgug: Really?

Bartender: Yes, we actually do.

Gorgug: Wait, really?

Bartender: Yes, absolutely.

Gorgug: Really?

Bartender: Yes, we have a cell tower.

Gorgug: Where is it? What is it?

Bartender: It's in Aftward, near Poop City.

(laughing)

Gorgug: So it's near Poop City.

Adaine: It's a boat pun.

Gorgug: No, I know.

Bartender: Poop City is perhaps the nicest neighborhood in Leviathan.

Fig: (pointing on a map) We're like, here. It's like right there.

Bartender: It's up on the poop.

Gorgug: Okay.

Bartender: Why do you find Poop City funny?

Gorgug: I don't find it funny.

(laughing)

Ally: That was Zac talking.

Brennan: You see he says,

Bartender: Yes, absolutely. Do you need access to it?

Gorgug: I was just like trying to make a call, and we're so far out that it's
like—

Bartender: Oh you're trying to make a call to somebody?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Bartender: Who are you trying to make a call to?

Gorgug: Someone...

Adaine: His girlfriend.

Gorgug: My girlfriend. She's in Solace, so, or she's on the mainland.

Bartender: Oh. Well then I don't think that a cell tower would be much help to
you. If she's all the way on the mainland.

Gorgug: Really? What is a cell tower to you?

Bartender: The brig!

Gorgug: (quietly) Oh.

Bartender: It's a giant tower of cells. Prison cells.

(laughing)

Fabian: You got got. That's getting got.

Riz: You have been owned, my friend.

Bartender: I, listen. You keep your tongue in your mouth, I haven't owned
anybody here. Are you saying I'm trying to start a fight?

Fabian: No.

Kristen: No.

Fabian: We’re using colloquial Solisian teen slang.

Kristen: You razzed him.

Bartender: Who did I razz and how?

Riz: You razzed...

Gorgug: You razzed me.

Adaine: It was a good razz, we liked it.

Fig: He set you up for the razz and you took it.

Gorgug: A cell tower has a different meaning to me.

Riz: You dunked on him.

Gorgug: And also Poop City's funny. I didn't mean to say Poop City, so funny.

Riz: He doesn't want Poop City to be funny.

Gorgug: Oh okay. Poop City's nice?

Bartender: Everyone on the count of three, tell me whether Poop City's funny
to you or not. One, two, three.

(crosstalk)

Riz: Not funny!

Adaine: Yes! It's a very good boat pun.

Fabian: (sincerely) It's not funny.

Ally: I'm dying laughing. Riding on a wolf around the bar.

Kristen: Poop City!

(laughing)

Brennan: You see that the bartender, so yeah, the cell tower he's referring to
is the brig. You look over. You guys will have until, the only people that
aren't here right now are Gilear, the Hangman and the Van Boat are both in the
stables, along with Baxter, being cleaned and groomed and everything like
that. So it's just you guys, Sandra Lynn, Tracker, Ragh. Cathilda has also
adjourned to her room, she's not down in the main hall. So you guys have a
table to yourself. You see that Ragh says,

Ragh: So, what's the play from here? What's the next move? Are we on to
Fallinel?

Ally: I think we relay what we heard to the people who were in the van, so
that they know about it.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Can I, just to make sure, cast Locate Creature on my mother, see if
she's 1.000 feet?

Brennan: You cast Locate Creature on your mother, you do not come back with
info on her.

Riz: Do you wanna try, I think the next move is probably to go to Fallinel,
but also, I think ol' Captain James might try to stop us, do you wanna see if
he's skulking around somewhere?

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: Well I used both my fourth level spells, so I can't do Locate
Creature, unfortunately.

Fig: I mean, I would be down to just sneak around.

Adaine: We're wasted. And by we I mean everybody but me.

Fabian: We just had snuff, alright?

Fig: Yes, that sounds like an even better of an idea.

Brennan: Cool. So you see, Ragh says,

Ragh: Honestly? Let's have a night where we party down, you know? It's
awesome, like, we deserve it.

Kristen: Yeah, let's tie one on, and then let's go to Fallinel and let's get
your hot sister off. Tracker, you think she's hot too, right? Is that cool if
I say that, is that—

Adaine: Tracker hasn't met my sister.

Ally: I show Tracker a photo.

Fabian: Pretty hot, right? We're like a thing.

Tracker: I mean, not my type, but yeah, I can see it.

Kristen: Exactly. It's like, I can appreciate hotness, but if I talked to her
in real life? (scoffs)

Adaine: Okay I'm gonna go read my book.

Zac: Can Gorgug have gotten a tattoo?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Zac: Can I get like a big tin flower on my shoulder?

(laughs)

Brennan: You get a huge tin flower on your shoulder. You get some cool Zajiri
like, Orcish celestial runes.

Ally: Can I get Tracker on my neck like right here? (points to the junction of
their neck and shoulder)

Brennan: Yeah. You see that Tracker starts crying as you get the tattoo, she's
holding your hand. She gets a tattoo that says Kristen on her neck.

Ally: Aww! I do get each other's tattoos and it hurts.

Emily: I do get pain and pleasure in Zajiri.

Brennan: Oh pain and pleasure in Zajiri? Cool. Everyone here make a

Perception or an Insight.

(dice rolling)

Siobhan: 16.

Murph: 20, not nat.

Lou: 18 insight.

Ally: 19.

Zac: Nat one.

Brennan: Nat one?

Murph: You barf and shit yourself.

(laughing)

Zac: Ah! (vomiting) (groaning)

Brennan: Who here got below a 10?

Emily: I did.

Zac raises his hand.

Brennan: Cool. I'm gonna need you guys to make a Constitution save with
disadvantage. I need all of you guys to make one just regular.

Murph: Okay. Oh no. Constitution's not my thing.

Siobhan: Constitution's not my thing either, really.

Murph: 9.

Siobhan: I got an 8.

Ally: I got 20 but a dirty 20.

Emily: A 6.

Zac: I got 8.

Brennan: You guys are blasted. Just blasted. You've gotten tattoos. You are
lit to hell.

Siobhan: I ain't drinking.

Brennan: You're not drinking so you're actually okay. What did you guys get
for your constitution saves?

Ally: I actually got a 20, a dirty 20.

Murph: I got a 9.

Lou: 15.

Brennan: 9, 15. Riz. The snuff powder. Your body is so small, you don't
metabolize this. You are coked out of your fucking gourd. You are solving so
many mysteries right now.

Riz: Night Yorb.

(laughing)

Murph: I feel like Riz goes and gets memento tattoos.

(laughing)

Murph: He gets like a ton of tattoos of all of the clues that they've had so
far.

Ally: You just get Night Yorb as a chest piece.

Murph: I get a bunch of different, like, yeah, everything that is on my board,
I go up and I,

Riz: I need to remember it all, what if someone wipes my memory?

Fabian: (chaotic crosstalk) Hell yes. That could happen. That 100% could
happen.

Riz: I wouldn't even know what I was doing.

Fabian: We're on the same page.

Riz: But, if I get it permanently on my life, then I will never forget.

Fabian: You'll never forget.

Riz: Any time I look in the mirror.

Fabian: Fantastic, so you'll get tattoos and you'll get tattoos.

Fig: And my body too.

Fabian: Hell yes.

Brennan: Fabian, what was your constitution?

Lou: 15.

Brennan: 15, great. You're totally solid, you can hold your liquor. You and
Ragh, who's also okay, are both like, Ragh is like rubbing Gorgug's back being
like,

Ragh: You gotta drink water bro, you gotta drink water.

Gorgug: (whining) I can't.

(laughing)

Kristen: I can't?

Gorgug: I can't.

Ragh: It's okay, drink water.

Gorgug: It's salt water. We're in the ocean. Can't drink it.

Ragh: We got good water here. It's good water, it's good water.

Fabian: It's in a barrel. It comes out of a barrel. It's barreled water.

Gorgug: Where'd the barrel come from?

Fabian: That part I don't know.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll for Tracker. Ooh, Tracker is starting to get a little
bit wasted as well. As Tracker gets more wasted, do you keep up, or do you
start to like—

Ally: I probably kinda re… Re-orient myself, I start making some tea. I'm
like,

Kristen: We'll take two mint teas, actually.

Brennan: You see that Tracker is just sort of leaning against you and going
like,

Tracker: (slurred) I like being free. I like being covered in fur, but, you
know. I don't know if I could do what uncle Jawbone does, I don't know. I
don't know if I could always. Because people do treat you different. They do
treat you different.

Kristen: What do you mean? Staying in your wolf form?

Tracker: Staying in wolf form.

Kristen: Totally.

Tracker: Do you think I'm a hot wolf?

Kristen: Both ways really hot, yeah.

Tracker: I think you're hot both ways. (slurs) 69.

Kristen: It's really, I don't have drunk sex though, remember? But this hot,
maybe tomorrow morning.

Tracker: I'm so tired.

Kristen: Yeah, me too.

Brennan: You see--

Ally: I try to keep her awake, so maybe she can cast the rune circle later.

Kristen: You gotta stay awake actually babe, come on baby!

Tracker: (unconvincingly) I'm good, I'm good.

Brennan: What'd you roll for your Perception again?

Ally: Oh, Perception a while ago?

Brennan: Yes, a while ago.

Ally: It was like over 20.

Brennan: Over 20, cool. Fig, you're super drunk. But you're talking with

your, your mom is there.

Emily: Well technically I did dragon spice.

Brennan: Oh dragon spice, cool, so you're rolling.

Ally: Was it ketamine? You’re like, barely moving.

Siobhan: You're just standing in the middle of the bar, not doing anything.

Brennan: You see that Sandra Lynn's there with you.

Siobhan: Not so fast.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn's sort of smiling. She's had a bunch of shots. She looks
over at you. Your mom gets like, your mom's an angry drunk. She's like looking
around like she wants to like, start some shit. But she looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: So, daughter of mine.

Fig: Mmm.

Brennan: Looking around the bar.

Sandra Lynn: Who looks, do you have any little crushes? Do you like any of the
people here in the bar?

Fig: I don't know.

Sandra Lynn: You don't know? There's a lot. You know what we used to say, and
I'm not saying this is okay. But me and my adventuring party back in the day,
do you know what we would say? There's a lot of talent in this bar. (laughing)
Lot of very talented people. You see—

Fig: I mean, yeah. And then, but like, how do you, if you don't have that
talent yet, because you've only been carrying inappropriate relationships.
What is it like? Like is it obvious?

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: Do you wanna learn how to not, you know, without any illusion, do
you wanna learn how to flirt, how to like make it work?

Fig: From you, yeah. Yeah.

Brennan: She nods. She scans the bar like a ranger. She literally is like,
(sniffing) she takes a little bit of like, sawdust from the floor, throws it
up, smells it on the wind. Puts a hand to her ear. And zeroes in at the bar on
Garthy O'Brien. You see she goes, watch this. And stands up. Walks over to the
bar. Elbows in, orders something, puts it in front of Garthy, and starts
talking to them. She talks to Garthy for a little while. And you see that she
at first is like exchanging drinks. You see she says something that's like, a
little, you can't quite make out what she's saying. But she says something
that is clearly very like, challenging, 'cause a bunch of people that work for
Garthy, all kind of like react as though she said something kind of
scandalous. Garthy smiles. They turn around and start like trading barbs with
Sandra Lynn. You see Sandra Lynn, so fast you almost couldn't see it. Just in
a way that's very interpersonal and seems very low key, touches Garthy's arm
for a second. Touches the arm again. They talk a little bit more. Garthy
orders two drinks and while they're turned around, Sandra Lynn looks, winks
over at you. Garthy gets two drinks, says something, and you see that Garthy
and Sandra Lynn both walk out of the bar.

Lou: Wow.

Fig: Whoa.

Brennan: Kristen, with that high perception, you're more sober than Fig right
now, you notice all this.

Ally: Cool.

Kristen: Hm. Your mom just left with Garthy.

Fig: Yeah, she was kind of giving me a lesson in flirting without using any
sort of charms or disguises. But then it, I don't know if I'm supposed to
follow, if the lesson is continuing.

Kristen: I have a feeling no.

Fig: No? Okay.

Kristen: But what do you think about Garthy? Should we do something?

Fig: I mean… Honestly right now I feel a little like, in a weird way kind of
jealous, right? You know, 'cause it's like, but I mean...

Kristen: Yeah I guess, yeah. Maybe like, if I was, yeah.

Fig: Oh you mean like, are they safe?

Kristen: Yeah, yeah.

Ally: You know what? I think what I wanna do is go with Tracker while we still
have her. Set up this freaking rune circle, and then maybe go with Fig to
follow her mom.

Fig: I feel like as her daughter, I really can't follow my mom into this
situation.

Kristen: We don't have to like, stay and listen, we just have to like, hear
the very beginning so we get the gist, 'cause I don't think there's gonna be
like—

Fig: This is definitely traumatizing, but I'll come.

Kristen: Okay, you don't have to go.

Adaine: I'll come.

Fig: No, no, no, I'll go, I'm going.

Kristen: Maybe Adaine and I can go, and you don't have to go and hear your mom
smooch that person.

Brennan: (rolls) Tracker goes,

Tracker: Who'd Sandra Lynn smooch?

Kristen: I think Gerty. What's that person's name?

Adaine: Garthy.

Kristen: Garthy.

Gorgug: Garthy.

Brennan: You see Ragh goes,

Ragh: Shh, it's okay. Just drink water.

Murph: I hold up my new forearm tattoo,

Riz: (pointing) Garthy.

Kristen: Wait, when did you get a tattoo?

Riz: I have a million tattoos now. All of the...

Gorgug: I'm gonna go work on the van.

Adaine: You have such small amounts of skin.

Kristen: Oh my gosh you guys, let's watch a movie in the room, right?

Adaine: We're doing a thing.

Kristen: Yeah, we are, but let's get everyone to go watch a movie in the room.

Adaine: Yes, let's go watch a movie in the room!

Kristen: Instead of going and working on the van at night--

Gorgug: I've gotta fix the van though.

Kristen: I think it's a great idea.

Adaine: The van is so good.

Fabian: You'll figure out how to get into that special room thing one day.

Gorgug: God, if I had spells, I could fix the van like that. (snaps)

Kristen: You guys, let's watch a spaghetti western, and I'll make a bunch of
popcorn.

Adaine: I love spaghetti westerns.

Kristen: And you guys can eat chocolate, chocolate popcorn in a big bed.
Tracker, how you feeling? Where you at?

Tracker: (barely coherent) I'm feeling okay, do you need, she's going, okay.
Do you need me to go cast a spell?

Kristen: Yeah.

Gorgug: I can do it.

Brennan: Who's going with Tracker up to cast the spell?

Riz: I think--

Adaine: Well if we're going to...

Gorgug: Do you need me to watch?

Adaine: ...follow Sandra Lynn.

Riz: We can all go back.

Fig: I think now, if Sandra Lynn's maybe in trouble, I kinda have to go, and
make sure she's okay.

Adaine: Alright, then I'll go with Fig.

Ally: I cast Bless on you two and Tracker.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Lou: Can I slip away from the group?

Brennan: Yeah, make a stealth check.

Lou: Oh. Wow. 22.

Brennan: 22, that beats everyone's passive perception.

Siobhan: Passive perception?

Murph: I'm gonna say, in my paranoid state, can I follow Fabian?

Brennan: Fabian has bypassed your passive perception.

Ally: It’s like herding cats.

Siobhan: But his passive perception on snuff.

Brennan: But I will say that if, so I think, yeah, Fabian's tucked off on his
own.

Ally: Goddammit.

Brennan: All the adults are gone. So Tracker, who's going to the room with
Tracker to do these spells?

Ally: Everyone.

Zac: I'll go to, I'll help, I'm just trying to learn some magic, so I'm gonna
go watch this.

Ally: Let's do it, yeah.

Brennan: You go, Tracker does the moon haven on the suite.

Kristen: Amazing!

Brennan: Immediately falls asleep.

Kristen: Aw, goodnight!

Brennan: Immediately falls asleep.

Ally: I put some water next to her.

Brennan: Cool. Then.

Zac: Gorgug's trying to cook in there.

Brennan: Gorgug's trying to cook, what's Adaine doing? Is anyone leaving?

Siobhan: I think me and Fig are gonna make sure that Sandra Lynn's okay.

Emily: Yeah, I'm going with the two of them, but I'm kind of following behind
them, I'm letting them take the lead.

Brennan: So you guys go to the room first, and then Adaine, Fig—

Emily: Oh, no, we shouldn't go to the room first, this is precious time.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: I think I went to the room.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Okay. Yeah, so it's just me and you.

Brennan: So it's just Adaine and Fig. Cool. We're gonna run these scenes this
way, so Gorgug, Riz, Ragh, Tracker, Kristen, go to the suite. You can already
hear Gilear is asleep off somewhere, Cathilda's asleep in a little corner.
Fabian, where do you walk off to?

Lou: I'd like to climb up to the Crow's Keep.

Brennan: You head way off into the city. Go ahead. Yeah, go ahead and give me
a Wisdom check with advantage.

Lou: Okay. (dice rolling) Alright.

Zac: With advantage?

Lou: Yeah, 14. And 14.

Brennan: You find your way through the city. You walk along, you are not

troubled on your journey. And you begin to climb up the vast masts of Rigabah
all the way up to the Crow's Keep. Upon arriving, you're there for a long
time. What do you do when you arrive there?

Lou: I just look out on all of Leviathan, and I don't know. I guess I speak to
the wind, with hopes of it carrying my words to my father.

Brenan: You speak, looking out over the vast pirate city. As you do so, go
ahead now and give me just a perception check.

(dice rolling)

Lou: That's a 6.

(blowing)

Brennan: The wind blows over Leviathan. You look out. The wind carries your
words away. On a voyage that you cannot see the end of. For Fig and Adaine,
that go to observe, cool. So first of all, give me an Investigation check.

Emily: Okay. I'm just gonna in general give you some Bardic Inspiration.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Emily: Just things for—

Siobhan: And can I use Boggy to...

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

(dice rolling)

Emily: 12.

Ally: Did you use Bless?

Emily: No!

Siobhan: Perception?

Emily: 14.

Brennan: 14.

Siobhan: 23.

Brennan: It's Investigation.

Emily: Oh, it's Perception?

Siobhan: Oh, Investigation. Oh, 25.

Brennan: Cool. You use Boggy, move around. As you do, you arrive at a

huge pair of golden doors. As you arrive, you hear like, humming music in the
back. This is clearly an off limits area. You see that there are two guards
here. There are these tall half orc pirates. You hear low music coming from
back behind the doors. As you guys approach, this is outside of the building
that the bar you were at is in. You see they look at you and say,

Guards: (low voice, London accent) Good evening, young madams. Can we help
you?

(ambient music)

Adaine: (quietly) You're the charismatic one.

Fig: Yes, yes, you can help us. I forgot my watch in there.

Guards: You forgot your watch in here? Well, alright. We'll be sure to give it
to you. What’s your—

Fig: Actually you know what, I'll just tell you the truth. My mom is in there.
I feel a little homesick. I am a child.

(laughing)

Adaine: We're both children.

Brennan: Give me a Persuasion check.

Ally: A pity check?

(laughs)

Emily: It's gonna be a—

Siobhan: Bless.

Emily: Oh, right. (rolling) 18.

Brennan: They look at each other and they say,

Guards: Well, damn, alright.

Brennan: You see one of them dips into the door. You see, about a minute or
two later, Sandra Lynn comes out to the door. You see that she is, how do I
put this? You know when someone has put their clothes back on, very quickly?

Emily: Can I just do, real quick. Hey mom, just real quick, I wanna do a check
to make sure she's okay.

Brennan: Sure, give me an Insight or a Perception.

Emily: Okay, that's gonna be five—

Ally: Bless.

Emily: Oh!

Siobhan: Can I do this also, an insight into if she’s okay? 18.

Brennan: She's not been magically swipswapped, she's not under a Dominate
Person effect.

Fig: Okay, okay. I'm so sorry, mom, I'm really sorry. I didn't mean to get in
the way. People put ideas in my head that you could be in danger. This is just
a really powerful person that we don't know much about. I'm really sorry. I
didn't mean to interrupt. I don't even know what—

Sandra Lynn: Sweetie, it's okay, it's okay, you're okay. It's all okay,
alright? Are you good?

Fig: I'm good, are you good? Do you need me to save you? (laughs) Just
kidding!

Emily: I run away.

Adaine: I guess I'm also leaving, goodnight, have a nice night!

Sandra Lynn: See you in the morning.

Adaine: Ahoy. That means good bye here as well as I know.

Ally: Yeah, ahoy.

Brennan: She walks away. You guys get back, as things have kind of quieted
down.

Emily: I'm mortified.

Brennan: You walk back. You get back. And you see, in the little suite, a lot
of people are falling asleep or drunk or whatever. Gilear is up making some
dinner for himself. 'Cause he didn't really get to eat anything. You see he
looks over. He's got a bandage around the end of his tongue.

(mumbles)

Fig: Hi, Gilear.

Adaine: A bandage?

Fig: How'd you get a band-aid to adhere to your tongue?

Gilear: (takes it off) It doesn't, really. You look like you've just seen a
ghost, is everything—

Fig: No, I'm fine, I'm good, it's just the drugs.

Gilear: You sure?

Fig: Yeah. It's just the drugs, right Adaine? Just the drugs.

Adaine: (flatly) Yes, I have also taken drugs.

Brennan: You should give me a Deception roll.

(laughing)

Siobhan: I got a 7.

Emily: I got a 25.

Adaine: Okay, I've not taken any drugs, I don't know why I was lying.

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says—

Emily: Oh actually I didn't add the Bless, I got a 29.

(laughs)

Brennan: Gilear looks at you and says,

Gilear: Where have you just come from?

Adaine: Downstairs.

Fig: True. That's true.

Gilear: Adaine. Adaine. Know this. My keen eyes may be constant—

Siobhan: I cast Friends on Gilear.

Brennan: Okay. You cast Friends. Go ahead. He fails a save, go ahead and make
whatever Charisma based roll you're gonna make.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Emily: Remember we have Bardic Inspiration if you need it.

Siobhan: Right. I'm gonna, I guess… try and make a Persuasion check on him, to
be like, he doesn't have to worry about anything. Okay. 18.

Brennan: Cool. You see he says,

Gilear: Oh, very good. I shall continue to heat up this yogurt.

Adaine: Oh, Gilear, come on.

Lou: God.

Adaine: Where did you get that from? They don't sell that here. Did you bring
that with us?

Fig: It doesn’t become soup if it's hot.

Gilear: I stashed some in the van.

Adaine: So it's just been in the heat for three days?

Ally: Am I still awake?

Brennan: You are still awake, yeah.

Emily: Can I message Kristen, just in my mind, and say,

Fig: She was fine, I'm absolutely humiliated, I just knocked on a door and she
came out with sex on her face.

Ally: I decide what I think that means.

Brennan: Kristen, give me an Insight check.

Ally: 16.

Brennan: You see Tracker stirs in her sleep a little bit, and she looks up at
you. She's totally out of it but she goes,

Tracker: (slurs) So this is Sandra Lynn?

Kristen: What?

Tracker: Sandra Lynn's kissing someone?

Kristen: I think so, yeah.

Tracker: Jawbone?

Kristen: No.

Adaine: Isn't Jawbone poly?

Fig: Yeah, I think they’re fine.

Kristen: She's with...

Brennan: What you guys heard from last time that Jawbone spoke, is that
Jawbone is poly, and that Sandra Lynn had asked him to be monogamous.

Fig: Oh!

Adaine: Ew.

Fig: (hands on her face) I thought this was all allowed.

Kristen: Yeah, she's, yeah, she's kissing someone.

Tracker: Okay. (howls)

Adaine: Maybe Tracker won't remember in the morning.

Kristen: Adults are more complicated than, you know, than we think that they
are.

Adaine: Sandra Lynn is both more and less cool than I thought that she was.

Fig: (sighs, disappointed) Mom.

Brennan: You look at Gilear and he says,

Gilear: When you all stand in the middle of the room pointing at each other I
know you're doing a message transfer.

Ally: Can I go back out to the door that they were just at?

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: And… Is there a way for me to hide so that the guards don't see me,
'cause I wanna cast something at the door.

Brennan: Gimme a Stealth check.

Murph: I guess can I come out, I'll go with Kristen.

Ally: Okay thank god, 'cause my stealth is negative three.

Brennan: Negative three? Incredible. I'm gonna say, you go to the door, I'm
gonna need Perception checks from both of you.

(dice rolling)

Ally: Interesting. 15.

Murph: Perception, I only got a 14. Can I do Insight, or Investigate?

Brennan: Yeah, you can do Investigate.

Murph: Investigate would give me a 21.

Brennan: 21, cool. You look up in the corner, Riz, and you see a flicker of
light up at a corner of a building just for a moment, almost like a piece of
glass adjusting, like an iris refocusing.

Kristen: Are we being watched?

Brennan: And a moment later it's gone.

Kristen: Was that Clairvoyance?

Riz: Yes.

Brennan: You know a moment later it was Clairvoyance. Someone was looking at
you.

Ally: Can I cast Detect Good and Evil from the door to see what's going on
over there?

Brennan: You cast Detect Good and Evil. We're gonna cut from you guys back to
Crow's Keep. As we cut back to Crow's Keep.

(dramatic music)

Brennan: Fabian. Looking out over the city of Leviathan.

Zac: Oh, shit.

Brennan: You hear footsteps behind you. And you see emerging in the darkness,
figures, hooded and cloaked, as they move through the nest towards you.

Lou: Oh. Alright. I draw the sword of the Seacaster.

Fabian: Gentlemen. You best be on your way, lest we have a problem.

Lou: Great, I draw… Let's do it.

Siobhan: Oh my god.

Brennan: You hear a voice from within one of the cowls, a face you cannot see
say,

Voice: (ominous breathing, deep growling voice, indeterminate accent) Oh,
indeed, do we have business. You, son of the Seacaster. For indeed we have
sought you, and found you. (music stops) We're all huge fans!

Brennan: And you see that Alistair takes his cowl off.

Alistair: I've brought 'em all here, we had to come say hello.

Fabian: Oh. One, you can't do that, but two...

Brennan: A bunch of weird warlocks take their cowls off, lift you up in the
middle of the night and go,

Warlocks: (singing) for he's a jolly good fellow, for he's a jolly good
fellow.

Fabian: Put me down.

Warlocks: For he's a jolly good fellow!

Brennan: That's all for this week!

(groaning)

Brennan: Fantasy High, tune in next week, bye bye!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 6: Pirate
Brawl](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1kvuzLO6CmqyEduo5Zknyj7mkop63FlHMe50y6kXMtvI/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650520293191&usg=AOvVaw2SeYnNwqcB6ygNmQ6ldTEX)]

_____________________________________________________________

Captions extracted by: mindelann

Edited by: ansellie, gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxrQedKbYVSG-
ZTWpL1K5ptNYEs7JZyNqIgGoeFRAa0tg28R-q4BQaprLWOfCA0FHpu8tXfg9Kim1T_kc0:0)

Episode 6: Pirate Brawl

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 6: Pirate Brawl

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vS6Lnn_F26Z7fbaF-
oJuDSEZidMceatsKv6UQE7PHEtWRmbhOISSPWM90zDqYQqTIBe1tV2Ekfa2OVc/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650523676216&usg=AOvVaw3L6esdKmoMdHnkCpRkzHaB)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSSfLbfk1_LK9uqtXaY46NGToqevmqkdIZiN1SbZOVpkN1XFo0duIwTKS4-Gs83A5N8l0pw2LQUQNmD/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650523676834&usg=AOvVaw1U9zIpMEfygv_Und68HvXL)]
>

Brennan: [energetic] Hello and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live presents
Fantasy High, sophomore year. I'm your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee
Mulligan. With me, as always, are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid
heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Aw, shucks. Last we left off, our brave, Bad Kids were in the pirate
city of Leviathan on their quest to retrieve the crown of the Nightmare King.
Their journey had brought them, along with three of Fig's parents, a griffin,
two magical vehicles, a frog made of vapor, Fabian's maid, Cathilda, and
Kristen's girlfriend, Tracker O'Shaughnessey, and their classmate, Ragh
Barkrock, here to Leviathan, a city surging out of the waves, made of a
monolithic, behemoth of shipwrecks tied and lashed together with a big wooden
pirate city built on top. The city of Leviathan was home to many adventures.
They managed to get their van out of impound right away from the Warforged
boatswain of Leviathan, Jamina Joy. They met Alistair Ash, the Tiefling,
former street urchin and current warlock of Fabian's father, Bill Seacaster.
They arrived at the Gold Gardens, where they ran afoul of Captain James
Whitclaw, the illithid captain of the Crimson Claw, and met Garthy O'Brien,
who's the proprietor of the Gold Gardens, a half-orc aasimar who gave them a
lot of information about the crown passing through Leviathan previously, about
their relationship with Bill Seacaster as a palimpsest supplier, about their
bag of gems that had gone missing. And we ended last session with Fabian going
up to the Crow's Keep to look at his father's old stomping grounds through the
night, as well as seeing our friends get totally blasted, high as hell, get a
bunch of tattoos, and ending on a very harrowing bit of mother/daughter
complication, as Fig watched her mom go into the bedchambers of Garthy
O'Brien, the proprietor.

Lou: Ha-cha-cha.

Zac: A harrowing bit of mother and daughter complication.

[laughing]

Brennan: Yeah, I don't write these ahead of time. It is a full scrabble. It's
just tiles hitting the board every time I open my mouth.

Zac: I loved it!

Brennan: So, with that all being said, we are gonna return now. By the way, we
got some new emotes for you guys in the chat. We got Gilear yogurt emote. We
got a Boggy The Froggy emote, if you're into that. And by the way, if you're
like, "How do I get these premium emotes or whatever?" I literally just found
this out today, if you or someone that has Amazon Prime, if that's like a
service you use, it lets you subscribe to a bunch of Twitch channels for free.
You get Twitch channels with your, I didn't know.

Ally: It's like one a month.

Zac: Yeah, once a month you get one Twitch Prime.

Brennan: You get one Twitch thing. So you might, you know, be not getting your
g-dang money's worth, so if you wanna subscribe to us that way.

Siobhan: Take money from Bezos.

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: It's your money already.

Brennan: It's your money already.

Siobhan: Take it back!

Brennan: And I just wanna say, our apologies to Jeff Bezos, who was just
surpassed today by Bill Gates.

Lou: Really?

Siobhan: Oh, R-I-P.

Lou: We gotta celebrate tonight, all right?

[laughing]

Lou: My man, Billy Gates, is number one? Oh my God, yeah! That’s for you,
Billy!

[laughing]

Lou: He's watching.

Emily: Billy G.

Murph: [under his breath] Is that Riz music, or--

Brennan: We, this is a little bit of--

Murph: [whispered yelling] Is that Riz Gukgak's music?!

Brennan: That's Riz Gukgak's music!

[jazz noir, detective’s office in the 1920’s style music fades in]

Brennan: We are actually going to return to a scene that we left off last
time, which was Kristen and Riz doing a little bit of investigating outside of
Garthy O'Brien's quarters. As you guys appear at this giant set of ornate
gilded doors, these two half-orc pirate guards outside, large, sort of
chambers here, you had perceived that little bit of a clairvoyance sensor.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: It is now gone. You cast, Kristen, Detect Evil and Good. As you cast
the spell, you perceive a faint, celestial aura, not only from this building,
but from around the Gold Gardens entirely. Go ahead and give me a Religion
check, which you do roll with advantage.

Ally: 21.

[low plucking sitar music plays]

Brennan: Lovely. What you see here, effectively, is that amongst the buildings
of the Gold Gardens there is this powerful aura of, yes, powerful aura of
wholeness, wellness, celestial healing. When Garthy said that they were able
to break curses and heal people, you see that in the place that is the most
out of the ordinary here at the Gold Gardens, in terms of what you would
expect at a pirate casino and brothel, is also how many places here are
massage parlors, places with baths, which is not what you would associate with
pirates. It appears that a lot of this place is also associated with healing.
As you look at the layout of buildings in the Gold Gardens, you see that the
entire complex is built as part of a complex celestial room and that all of
this is connected with Garthy's quarters in the center that appear to create
what, for like a sorcerer, would be called a sanctum sanctorum, what you might
call a holy place. This place has been hallowed, effectively. And what you
suspect is that because it's centered on Garthy's sleeping quarters, Garthy is
probably a powerful, you know, powerful human, or a powerful half-orc aasimar,
just in general, their power is amplified tremendously by being here in this
place. Kind of like a caster that has devoted a lot of their effort to keeping
one haven safe, as opposed to being able to do a lot of stuff in the outside
world. And that's what you observe there. Riz and Kristen, what do you guys do
standing outside the door? You've caught the attention of the two guards
there, but I assume you haven't approached yet.

Murph: No, did we-- we saw we were being watched or something, right?

Ally: Yeah, the Clairvoyance blip.

Murph: Yeah. Okay.

Ally: So my Detect Good and Evil didn't really tell me if it was necessarily
evil, or?

Brennan: Technically, Detect Evil and Good in fifth edition doesn't give you
alignment information. It gives you information with planar and magical
associations, right? So you are able to see whether, given the source of
magic, or there's a given aura of undead, fiend, celestial, fae, right? You
detect a powerful celestial presence here. You do not detect anything fiendish
or undead.

Murph: Mm.

Ally: Okay, I pat Riz on the back, and I cast Protection from Evil and Good.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Huh. Yeah, I think Riz is starting to sober up a bit.

Kristen: Yeah, I'm worried about you. You're covered in bleeding tattoos and
Saran Wrap.

Riz: Did someone draw on me?

Kristen: You did it, it's okay.

Murph: I try to get it off.

Murph holds his forearm in front of him and scratches at it.

Riz: What, what is this?

Kristen: Oh, there's more, if you're worried about the forearm tattoo.

[laughing]

Riz: Are we concerned about Sandra Lynn?

Ally: Yeah.

Riz: Okay.

Kristen: Let's do a kid thing. I guess let's play--

Riz: Do like a ding-dong-ditch?

Kristen: [chuckling] No! Well, like a, "We're scared." Or like, "I had a bad
dream." Like some sort of, so we can talk to her.

Murph: Yeah, I guess I'll,

Riz: I think we, maybe we don't want them to know that we want to talk to
Sandra Lynn. I think we should sneak up, maybe, and try to bang on the door.

Kristen: With the two guards there?

Riz: I'll sneak past 'em. I'm pretty good at sneaking.

Kristen: [disbelieving] Great.

Riz: Do you think you can distract them?

Kristen: Yeah, I can definitely distract them.

[laughing]

Ally: I take a little ribbon out of my bag, and I tie it to a stick, and I
make it a ribbon dance.

[Emily laughing]

Murph: Can I hide?

Brennan: I'm a need a Performance check from--

Siobhan: Don't you have a minus 3 to Dexterity?

Ally: No, I have a--

Murph: Charisma, charisma’s okay.

Lou: Proficient in Performance.

Ally throws their dice into the tray. It rattles around for a moment, and
Murph, Lou, and Ally watch with excitement.

Murph: [soft] Okay!

Ally: Hey, 19!

Ally holds their hands up and raises their eyebrows.

Brennan: [scoff] Okay. Okay!

[Murph laughs breathlessly]

Murph: I almost threw up, but it was just a very quick laugh.

Ally twirls their hands around themselves and shimmies in an amusing ribbon
dance.

Kristen: Oh, it's like a snake. Ah!

[laughing]

Murph: And then I’d like to hide.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Stealth check. I'm gonna say you do this flat.

[Emily cackles]

Murph: Okay, cool. That is 23.

Ally covers their mouth with their hands and Murph presses his fingers to his
temples, looking down.

Brennan: Okay, so you watch these two guards, who kind of clocked you before.
You sort of disappear into the shadows. Kristen begins ribbon dancing, and you
watch these two guards that are leaning fully against the door kind of just
chat with each other, both turn over. You've never seen people broadcast less
through their body language or facial expressions. They stay leaning, but are
completely still as they watch.

Ally: Can I do a Perception check?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

[Emily is in a fit of crying laughter]

Emily: [wiping tears from her eyes] Oh my god.

Ally: Interesting. Okay, yeah, it's a 10.

Brennan: A 10? You are so deep in this ribbon dance that I don't think you can
get what's happening.

Ally resumes twirling and spinning.

Emily: Oh, Kristen Applebees, I'm taking you on tour.

[laughing]

Brennan: Riz, as you begin to sneak, what do you attempt to do?

Murph: I guess I want to, I guess if I make too much of a thing, it's gonna
put Kristen in danger. This is an ill-thought-out plan. I'm going to--

Ally: I thought you were gonna bang so that they run away.

Murph: I was gonna, yeah. Okay, I'm gonna go, and yeah, I'm gonna sneak around
the side to a different area, and I'm just gonna-- I don't want them to kill
me if they find me, so I don't wanna break shit or anything, I just wanna make
a loud noise. Is there anything I could just kick or punch?

Brennan: Make an Investigation check.

Murph: This is stupid. What am I doing? Such a good investigation check. 26.

Ally “ribbon dances” continuously.

Brennan: Yeah, you find a barrel on top of a little stack of barrels you can
kick over.

Murph: Okay! I knock over some barrels.

Lou: [quietly] Barrel some barrels dude.

Zac: Wh-- What are we even trying?

Murph: I don't--

[laughing]

Lou: I’m into this. I’m--

Siobhan: I'm asleep.

Lou: I'm truly all the way into whatever is happening.

Murph: I think we're trying to make, I think we're just concerned about Sandra
Lynn.

Emily: I can't stop laughing. Kristen--

Zac: I just don't understand what's gonna happen if it goes well.

Lou: That's the best part.

Murph: I'm hoping they run out.

Zac: Oh, okay.

Murph: I don't know.

Brennan: Okay, so you--

Emily: I'm into this, I'm very into this.

Murph: I knock over some barrels.

Siobhan: What do you think, they're gonna stop fucking and run out to where
they have two guards?

Murph: Their guards might get concerned.

Emily: I think this is good, keep going.

Lou: Push through.

Murph: This is a real Axford move.

Emily: [offended] Oh!

Brennan: You find some barrels, and you kick them over. At 26, you're very
good. Go ahead and roll Deception with advantage. You found a very good barrel
to kick over.

[laughing]

Murph: Okay. Deception. Oh, my deception's not very good. A 12.

Brennan: Okay, you see that both the guards turn over, hear the barrels.
[imitating barrels clunking] You see a barrel crashes open. A bunch of, you
see that there's a bunch of fine, sort of ale washes over the deck. So they
sort of see the barrel punt off and crash, and you see one of them goes,

Guard: [over-the-top accent] Oi, man. Looks like one of the barrels fell off
the top.

Brennan: And you see a very old, scruffy pirate janitor begins to, he's got
two peg legs and a mop, [swinging back and forth] and begins to sort of waddle
over and begin to mop up the ale that you can see down from your perch.

[breathless laughter]

Ally: Fuck. We just made a mess for a person who's trying to get through work.

Murph: I just walk up to the door.

Riz: Can I talk to Sandra Lynn, please?

[Emily cackles]

Brennan: You see that one of the guards looks and says,

Guard: [husky, British accent] Look, you're not allowed in, but we're more
than happy to go get Miss Faeth for you. Just so you know, her daughter-- I'm
so sorry, I just wanna wait for this to wrap up.

Brennan points two fingers towards Ally, who is still “ribbon dancing.”

Riz: This is gonna go on for a while.

Kristen: Oh right, sorry.

Ally twists their hands around each other and mimes tucking something into
their front shirt pocket.

Ally: I wrap it up, and I put it in my pocket.

Guard: Miss Faeth's daughter had already come over here and um... interrupted
the goings on inside. So if you would like to do that for the second time.

Kristen: Yeah. We understand, but, and this is kind of embarrassing, but I'm
afraid of the dark.

[laughing]

Emily: [quiet] Afraid of the dark?!

Kristen: And Sandra Lynn always tells me, and she just kinda helps talk me
down a little bit. You know, anxiety, sometimes you're able to talk it through
and have it dissipate a little bit, so. But you know what, there's one more
thing that we could try before we have to interrupt her. Remember that blanket
trick? We're gonna go try the blanket trick.

Murph’s face is scrunched in a look of amusement and confusion.

Guard: What's the blanket trick?

[laughing]

Kristen: But we might be back. It's really nice. He wraps me up like an egg
roll, and then he says, “Egg roll to go,” and he puts me on a different
surface.

Guard: But if you're afraid of the dark, wouldn't a blanket over--

Kristen: Not-- It's a loving wrap.

Murph: Not-- Yeah, it's like a baby thing.

Ally: Okay, so I'm trying to cast Zone of Truth right here while we're
talking.

Brennan: Sure, okay. First of all, give me a deception check.

Murph: Oh god.

Lou: This is the new dream team right here. The Ball and Fabian are done, this
is it. This is the future.

Ally: 17.

Brennan: 17, okay, cool. You disguise yourself.

Ally: Okay, so I'm casting Zone of Truth, [laughing] but we need 10 minutes.

Murph: It takes 10 minutes?!

Brennan: It takes--

Murph: Oh no, it lasts 10 minutes.

Brennan: It lasts 10 minutes.

Ally: Oh, sorry. Okay, got it. All right, good.

Murph: Thank god.

Ally: Okay, good, I cast Zone of Truth, and I say,

Kristen: Can we talk to Sandra Lynn?

Ally: 'Cause now that I know it doesn't take 10 minutes, we don't have to try
the egg roll trick.

Kristen: We need to see her right now.

Guard: Okay, you need to see, all right, we're happy to go in.

Emily holds her hand to her mouth to cover her laughter. Zac presses his hands
to his face in exasperation.

Brennan: And so you see, one of them goes in. About a minute later, Sandra
Lynn comes out, even more disheveled, shirt backwards, shorts backwards.

Ally: Shorts?

Brennan: Her crocodile hunter ranger shorts are on backwards.

Ally: On backwards?!

Brennan: On backwards. She comes out, and goes,

Brennan runs his fingers through his hair and hunches forward with a crazed
look in his eye. He looks disheveled and a little insane.

Sandra Lynn: [tense, feigning chill] Hi, what's going on, Kristen?

Ally: Great, okay, so what did we see? [reading from spell card] Until the
spell ends they have to make a Charisma saving throw, or else they can't say a
deliberate lie.

Brennan: It's a Charisma saving throw?

Ally: Mhm.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: She wouldn't--

Ally: Yeah, so then we need Garthy to come out here, so that’s a-- you have to
figure that out.

[laughing]

Kristen: Hey Sandra--

Riz: Where's Garthy at?

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Ooh, wild.

Brennan: So Sandra Lynn comes out, and says,

Sandra Lynn: Hey, what's happening?

Kristen: [pleasant] Hey, how are you?

Sandra Lynn: Kristen, what the fuck is going on?

Kristen: What?!

Riz: [whispered] Hey.

Kristen: Okay so--

Riz: I think we should go.

Kristen: We need to talk to Garthy.

Riz: I think all of us should go.

Kristen: [barely heard] Are you feeling okay?

Sandra Lynn: Guys?

Kristen: Mhm.

Sandra Lynn: Go back to your room.

Kristen: But we need you back there too.

Sandra Lynn: Hey Kristen?

Kristen: Yeah.

Sandra Lynn: You're not hearing me.

Kristen: No, but... egg roll time.

[laughing]

Kristen: Do you not wanna come back with us?

Sandra Lynn: I'm gonna go back inside. If there's an emergency, come get me.
If there's not an emergency and you try to come get me again, we're gonna have
a very long conversation.

Kristen: What's your middle name?

Sandra Lynn: My middle name?

Kristen: Mhm.

Sandra Lynn: Lynn.

Riz: Is Garthy clothed right now?

Ally: I push past her.

Lou flaps his hands around with a wild look in his eye.

[laughing]

Brennan: You push past her?

Murph: I specifically didn't sneak in there, 'cause I was like-- I don’t
sneak! ‘Cause, yeah.

Brennan: So you say “Is Garthy clothed?” You push past her. Go ahead and give
me an opposed Athletic's check.

Zac’s mouth is open in a comical expression of shock and amusement.

Murph: Oh my god, Kristen.

Ally: [high-pitched] It's an 11.

Brennan: You get rocked in the dome, hard.

Ally: Mhm. Great.

Brennan: As you attempt to push in and Sandra Lynn reflexively puts the butt
of her hand into your forehead and knocks you on your ass.

Kristen: [strained] [groans] I'm okay.

Riz: Okay, we're gonna go.

Kristen: What? You traitor!

Riz: I'm not a traitor! This is, I don't know what to do. What if I sneak in
and like--

Kristen: [to Sandra Lynn] We're worried about you, because you're not poly,
but you're acting poly!

Brennan: You see, go ahead and give me a persuasion roll, if you would be so
kind.

Ally: Great.

Lou: [fanning himself] [strained] What happened?

Ally: Ay, bitch, that's 25.

[laughing]

Murph: Dear lord.

Brennan: You actually saying the thing-- and also being on your ass, you see
Sandra Lynn looks out for a second, puts a hand down, immediately casts Cure
Wounds on you, and says,

Sandra Lynn: Are you okay?

Kristen: [quietly] I'm fine.

Sandra Lynn: I'm sorry, I didn't know. You just rushed me, and I--

Kristen: I was trying to be Bolt. I was trying to be a hero.

Riz: [under his breath] We don’t know what we’re doing.

Sandra Lynn: I'm gonna come back to the room right now. I have my things still
in the inside. I'm gonna go get them, and I'm gonna come right back, okay?

Kristen: Okay.

Riz: [nods] Okay.

Sandra Lynn: I will be right back.

Kristen: Are you, okay.

Riz: Yeah, that's good.

Kristen: Yeah, okay, definitely.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes in, the door closes. Guards both look at you. One of
the half-orcs-- give me an Insight check, both of you.

Murph: [giggling] I got 1. We're so stupid.

Ally: [high-pitched] I got a 3.

Murph: I think we’re-- I think our characters are five years old.

Ally: The first one was a 19, and then I tried to be honest and re-rolled.

Murph: I think our characters are actual children right now.

Brennan: Yeah, you see that the two half-orcs give each other a look that you
guys can't begin to decipher.

Murph: Yeah. We're first time drunk high schoolers.

Brennan: Yep. A minute later, Sandra Lynn comes out. She's got her bow, she's
a quiver with arrows. She comes out. You see that she's still a little bit
tipsy, but it's worn off somewhat. She looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: [ashamed] Did, what did Fig say when she got back? Did she talk
to you guys?

Kristen: What did Fig say?

Riz: [hesitant] I think she doesn't quite know how to feel.

Kristen: Yeah, I think she was embarrassed for interrupting you at one point,
but she was also—

Sandra Lynn: This is-- I don't wanna have a whole conversation about this. I'm
still, honestly, a little bit fucked up right now. What I need from you guys
is this. I just need you guys to head back. I'm gonna walk back with the room
to you, and I would appreciate, just like, we're adventuring together, I would
appreciate a little bit of privacy, okay?

Kristen: Like, right now, or... in the future?

Riz: I would love to never speak of this again.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at Riz, and doesn't echo that sentiment, but
certainly feels it.

Kristen: Cool.

Riz: It's cool with me.

Kristen: That's cool with me too, 'cause I, I respect any sexual choices that
you wanna make.

Sandra Lynn: Kristen, you have to stop.

Kristen: You can have as much sex with as many people back to back as you
want.

Sandra Lynn: Kristen, I'm gonna reorient how you think about this interaction.
I work for you.

Kristen: Right.

Sandra Lynn: At this point in time. Do you understand? And I'm your friend's
mother, okay?

Kristen: Mhm. Yeah.

Riz: [low] Kristen, we should go.

Kristen: I'm just saying.

Riz: We should go.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn walks off towards--

Kristen: Kink shamed me a lot, so...

Sandra Lynn: I did what?

Kristen: You kink shamed me quite a lot.

Riz: We're going!

Kristen: We're still in the Zone of Truth, I can’t help it, okay?

Ally: I ask one of the guards if they believe in god.

[laughing]

Murph: I drag Kristen back.

Zac: One of these celestial gods.

Murph: With all of my minus two Strength, I carry Kristen back.

Brennan: Do you guys, does anyone else do anything in the little Moon Haven
room, prior to going to bed that night?

Emily: No, I'm sleeping flat on my face.

Zac: Gorgug is gonna go look for Sandra Lynn.

[laughing]

Zac: I'm joking, Gorgug is fully asleep, maybe like under a bed or something.

Siobhan: I think I am gonna set some snares by the window.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: And then once these guys come back, by the door.

Brennan: Mhm. Anything else? No? You guys go to sleep. We're gonna cut over
now to--

Lou: [quiet] The wildest thing, I’ve ever seen.

[Emily cackles]

Brennan: We're gonna cut back to our good friend, Fabian Aramaris Seacaster.
Fabian, you are being lifted aloft by a group of about 20 robed warlocks. You
see that the dark robes cover a series of striped pirate pants and sailor
shirts and bandanas, and various hooks and flintlock pistols and things of
that nature, as these pirate warlocks sort of throw you up into the air on
your hands, and you're crowd surfing down this quarry.

Fabian: [crying out] Oh, wow! Okay.

Pirates: [singing] For he's a jolly good fellow, for he's a jolly good fellow!

Fabian: All right, put me down.

Brennan: And you see that they arrive in a sort of abandoned sort of ruin at
the edge of Crow's Keep. Obviously, Leviathan is not built up to code.

Lou: Yup.

Brennan: There is no code. So there's kind of a ruined building where half of
it just fell away, and the other half of it has an exquisite dining room. So
picture a beautiful wooden manor house that just half of it fell off and
crashed into the city below. So there's a dining room that is very well-
appointed, except for where it shatters and splinters into open air with
hundreds of feet dropping down below it. And there's a smaller table pushed
way up against the wall to get a little bit farther away, and an impromptu
banquet has been set up here.

Fabian: I love-- I'm all about this, everyone. Is this for us? Are we
celebrating?

Brennan: Alistair looks and says,

Alistair: [high-pitched British accent] We thought we were celebratin', Master
Seacaster, this is incredible. I'd like to do the pleasure and the honor.
Everyone, as I have said, the good Captain below, Captain Seacaster has seen
fit to send his envoy, his son, Fabian Aramais Seacaster, to deliver us in our
moment of doubt, so--

Fabian: [stuttering] Oh, wait, look. I'm an envoy, I'm a delivery? There was
just a lot more going on in that than I, what do you all think I'm, am I,
what's happening?

Pirates: [singing] For he's a jolly good fellow, for he's a jolly good fellow!

Fabian: [clapping along] Right, yes.

Alistair: I'd like to introduce you to some of the lot.

Fabian: Okay, yeah.

Brennan: So you see he starts glad-handing, people are getting food and
eating. You see that all of these warlocks seem extremely excited to eat, and
are eating very fast, as though coming by food is a big deal for a lot of
these warlocks.

Emily: [sadly] Oh.

Brennan: You see Alistair says,

Alistair: This is Creaky McBarrel.

Brennan: And you see that a parrot aarakocra, and it goes,

Creaky McBarrel: [squawks] Ah, pieces of eight and pleasure.

Fabian: [hesitant] Hi, nice to meet you.

Alistair: This is my best friend, Old Young Benjamin.

Fabian: Oh!

Brennan: You see that there is what you recognize as a Banderlog, which are a
sort of unusual humanoid. He's like a monkey person. There's a lot of them
that live up in the rigging of the ship. But he reaches out a hand. He's like
six and a half feet tall, but probably weighs like 90 pounds. He's very long-
limbed, gawky. He's like,

Old Young Benjamin: [youthful, exaggerated Cockney accent] Oh, I'm charmed to
meet ya. I'm Old Young Benjamin.

Fabian: Nice to meet you. Are you old or young? [laughs]

Old Young Benjamin: [laughs] Well, my father, Old Benjamin, died.

Fabian: Okay, oh, so you're the Young Old Benjamin?

Old Young Benjamin: Yes, but there's a newer Young Benjamin.

Fabian: Delightful.

Brennan: And you see that there's another person there who truly is this
gnomish pirate with a crazy, his beard has been shaped into six distinct
mustaches, so he has a multi-level, huge mustache. He has a bunch of snaggle
teeth, all of different materials, like wood, silver, gold. He looks up and
goes,

Gnome: [grunts]

Brennan hunches down a bit and scrunches up his face. He has a feral look in
his eye and a contorted, turned down mouth.

[noises of disgust and surprise]

Chungle-Down Bim: [gruff pirate voice] Chungle-Down Bim.

Fabian: [amused] I'm sorry, Chungle-Down?

Chungle-Down Bim: Chungle-Down Bim.

Fabian: A pleasure to meet you, Fabian Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster.

Chungle-Down Bim: [hoarse, near unintelligible] I pay your father for spells.

Fabian: Oh you, yes!

Chungle-Down Bim: [vague noises of agreement]

Fabian: It seems that many people here do. That's very exciting.

Chungle-Down Bim: [groaning] Argh, me guts in a fire.

Fabian: Alistair, can we move on?

[laughing]

Brennan: You see Alistair says,

Alistair: Sorry, right--

Fabian: No, it's fine.

Alistair: It’s just that people are very excited. We're not a very old cult,
and there's not a lot of people, so--

Lou: Can I climb on top of the table?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Fabian: Hello, everyone!

Pirates: [singing, clapping] For he's a jolly good fellow, for he's a jolly
good fellow!

Fabian: [clapping along] Alright, enough, enough. Anyway, rather than glad-
handing everyone, that seems like it'd take a lot of time. I just wanna say,
hello. I am Fabian Seacaster, son of Bill Seacaster.

Pirates: Bill, Bill, Bill, Bill!

Fabian: Yes, yes, my father is fantastic. It is a pleasure to meet all of you,
and I'm not sure what I can do for you, or how. I mean, Alistair suggested
that you might all follow me, and oh, that I might be able to use you, make
use of your services.

Brennan: You see Chungle-Down says,

Chungle-Down Bim: Yes, wherever he goes, I go.

Fabian: You mean wherever I go?

Chungle-Down Bim: Ah!

Fabian: Bill or me?

Chungle-Down Bim: Aye!

(laughing)

Fabian: Chungle-Down, (laughing) you gotta meet me in the middle, all right?

Chungle-Down Bim: Aye, we meet in the middle of Leviathan (chuckles).

Brennan: You see he scoops a bunch of pasta into his coat.

Ally: Into his coat?

Brennan: Into his coat.

Lou: Pasta in the coat?

Brennan: Yeah, there's just a big bowl of pasta as part of the feast, and he
just scoops them into his coat, underneath his robe. You see that Old Young
Benjamin says,

Old Young Benjamin: Right, well we're very excited, because you know, you've
been sent here by your father to deliver us.

Fabian: Well, no, not 100%. That's not 100% true. I came here of my own free
will. I'm, you see, on a quest with a crew of my own to write my name upon the
world, much as my father did before me.

Creaky: [screech] Your father? Tell us, how did you kill him?

Brennan: You see all of them go,

Warlocks: (gesturing like excited children) Yes, tell us the story of how you
killed your father!

Brennan: And you see they all crisscross applesauce and sit on the ground
looking up at you.

Fabian: Well, so there was this dragon, his name was Kalvaxus and he was
trying to take over Elmville where me and my papa lived and then all this
crazy stuff happened and Kalvaxus unleashed his armies on Elmville and they
were attacking everybody and I hopped on my motorcycle and I was vroom, vroom,
I was rushing home. I have a motorcycle. A motorcycle is like a ship on the
land with a rudder and a sail but there are circles and they're underneath.
Anyway—

Brennan: In unison, they all go,

Warlocks: Got it.

Fabian: And we are rushed home and I killed a bunch of people and I saved my
mother and I told her to get her life together, and she did. And then I ran
upstairs and a beam fell on me and I fought a man and he cut my eye out and
then a beam fell on me and then—

Brennan: You hear about half the people with eye patches go,

Eyepatch Pirates: (laughs) I've been there.

Fabian: It's fine, I like it now but in that moment, I'd prefer to have my
eye, if I'm being honest. I just like my face better than, I feel like my
face, anyway, I'm sorry. I'm just nervous. I've never had this many people...

Warlocks: (laughing) Can you believe it, the son of Bill Seacaster (airquotes)
pretending to be nervous?

Fabian: I am nervous. I'm Bill Seacaster's son. But then yeah, I ran into the
room and my dad was there and he was all manacled and we talked about how he
stabbed a bunch of people in the ass and it was great. And then he was gonna
die and I was like, well instead of just dying, I'm gonna kill you. And so he
was manacled and I stabbed him and then his coat exploded and I jumped off of
the railing and then I Teen Wolf, Teen Wolf is a reference probably none of
you will understand, but I Teen Wolfed and I landed on the motorcycle. It was
like surfing on a surfboard which is probably a reference you won't
understand, but that's about it and then I rolled off and I killed a dragon
with my friends. I mean I didn't kill it, Riz killed it but I helped killed
it. I did like a cool, anyway, how—

Brennan: But wait, you can see some heads turning around and be like,

Warlocks: But you did defeat your father in combat, right?

Fabian: Well, he was actually handcuffed to a bedpost when I found him and so
I just uncuffed him and then I carried his body out to the balcony, well, not
his body, he was alive, but he couldn't walk 'cause he was so injured. And
then in a moment kind of of calm between the two of us, I drove my dagger into
his heart. But we weren't actually engaged in combat. I mean he's my papa. I
love him. It was more like a thematic choice, just of like he killed his
father so it felt right for me to kill him.

Warlocks: (hands to their heads in despair) Oh, we're all doomed, we're all
doomed. Oh no, we thought that you were a swordsman capable of defeating Bill
Seacaster.

Fabian: I mean I probably am. I mean I'm as good--

Warlocks: We told Captain James Whitclaw that you would kick his ass.

Fabian: I mean I'm gonna, but my father always made him sound like a real
loser. So I assumed it wouldn't be, I tried to kick him in the ball the other
day and thank God Gorgug was there, or else I probably would've pooped myself.
Anyway—

Brennan: You see that one of the warlocks says,

Warlock: We're all gonna die!

Brennan: And he flings himself—

Fabian: Stop, stop, nobody else jump. Nobody else jump.

Brennan: That guy casts Feather Fall on himself, on the way down,

Fabian: (wiping sweat off his forehead) Oh, thank god.

Brennan: And as he does, he gets out some gold and starts to put it on his
little parchment and the gold starts flying around.

Warlock: No!

Fabian: I am perfectly capable of leading an army, all right? I'm my father's
son through and through and I am as good as he is.

Brennan: Make a Perception check for me right now if you would be so kind.

Lou: Six— uh, excuse me, 4.

Brennan: 4, cool.

Lou: I thought it was plus one, I have minus one.

Murph: It's just a bunch of idiots.

Brennan: Incredible. So you see that the warlocks do start to look around at
each other and you can tell that they feel a very real sense of panic.

Fabian: Why is everyone, I killed a dragon with my friends, a big dragon!

Brennan: You see that they look around, Alistair, says,

Alistair: Really? Well, all right, but mostly it was you right? I mean, how
impressive are your friends?"

Fabian: My friends are incredible. They can do, well I think Riz actually
killed it. He like disappeared up and dropped in and then Gorgug was at his
feet and just like chopping. And there was a werewolf.

Brennan: Old Young Benjamin goes,

Old Young Benjamin: Ah, we're dead, we're all dead, we're all dead, we're all
dead.

Fabian: Nobody's gonna die. I'll fight one of you. I'll fight one of you right
now and I'll show you how incredible I am.

Brennan: You see that Chungle-Down stands up and says—

Emily: Oh no! Save Chungle-Down.

(laughing)

Lou: (through laughter) I'm scared of Chungle-Down. I feel like of all of you
here, Chungle-Down is terrifying.

(laughing)

Brennan: You see that Creaky peeks his ear up and turns around, or his little
bird head and goes,

Creaky: (squawks) Looks like it's a company coming.

Brennan: And you see indeed that the warlocks go to the windows facing the
interior neighborhood Crow's Keep. As they do, you see a crew of about 30
pirates and at the head of them, Captain James Whitclaw.

Lou: And they're headed towards where we are?

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Lou: (sighs) Insight?

Brennan: Yeah, Insight.

Lou: 14.

Brennan: They don't look like they have eyes on this house at the moment but
they are advancing. With a 14, they're either coming here in a very relaxed
way or they're heading deeper into the interior of Crow's Keep.

Fabian: Oh boy, all right. All right, everyone, gather round. I believe that
Captain James Whitclaw is on his way to where he thinks I am which is the Gold
Gardens. We're going to get the drop on him. We're going to sneak up and jump
on him and his crew and murder all of them.

Brennan: You see, they look around at each other and you see this—

Siobhan: This is worse than the ribbon dance.

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Persuasion check from you right now.

Lou: 24.

Brennan: Ooh, you see they look around and you see that Alistair says,

Alistair: All right, look, Captain James Whitclaw has sworn that he will kill
every last follower of old Bill in Leviathan. He said the streets would run
red with our blood and that it would be an end to all of us. Now, is the story
somewhat different than we had anticipated, yes? Has this been very sad for
all of us here? Absolutely, it has. But I do not believe that old Bill would
have deserted us after all that we have given to him. Nearly 350,000 gold
pieces across the cult.

Fabian: 300 and what?

Alistair: Yes, yes, 300,000 across the cult.

Fabian: That's unbelie— ... oh papa.

Alistair: Now, I say if we have his back, then old Bill will have our back.

Brennan: And you see all the warlocks cheer and are ready to rush out in the
street with you.

Fabian: Great, all right, everyone, follow me. (raises fist) We're gonna
(through laughter) jump on 'em and we're gonna murder 'em!

Murph: RIP Fabian.

Ally: Yeah, wait, what do we do?

Murph: We don't know.

Brennan: (laughing) Everyone else is— asleep—

Zac: Gorgug is fully asleep.

Siobhan: We've just slept through this whole lane.

Lou: Also my Persuasion check was for Creaky to give a better speech than I
could? That's what I rolled for?

Brennan: That's what you rolled for. You were convincing Alistair to give that
speech. Incredible. So all of these war— see, right before you get to the
door, you see that Chungle-Down goes,

Chungle-Down Bim: What are we wearing, robes or no robes? Which do you prefer,
robes or none?

Fabian: (with conviction) No robes!

Brennan: The robes all come off. There's a bunch of pirates.

Zac: Are they naked, what do you mean?

Brennan: No, they just have robes over their pirate clothes.

Ally: He's just naked with pasta on his body.

Fabian: That's right, a proper crew.

Brennan: How far away do you want James and his crew to be before you charge
out into the street?

Lou tries to answer, but is laughing too hard to form real words.

Ally: Are you laughing about how you're about to die?

Lou: Yeah.

The entire cast is laughing over this, some to the point of tears. Lou has
gone very high-pitched.

Emily: (wiping away tears) His laughter is beautiful.

Brenan: Lou has fully fucking lost it.

Ally: You did this as a bit and now you're stuck.

Lou: (still laughing) No, this is a not a bit. I'm fully in character, this is
what I believe Fabian would do.

Zac: Don't these warlocks suck?

Murph: Fabian does think that he rules though.

Brennan: This is all deeply in character.

Lou: Oh man, all right. So you're asking me like, so they are like heading
deeper into the city. I mean I do think I want, I do think I'd like, I think
that they are headed to Golden Gardens. So I think I'd like to get the drop
on--

Brennan: I will say this, Crow's Keep is raised high above the city. So if
you're in Crow's Keep, you're pretty much only going to somewhere in Crow's
Keep. Like it's a neighborhood raised like a skyscraper's distance up into the
sky.

Lou: Got it.

Brennan: So he doesn't seem like he's on, on that 14 Insight, you don't think
he's on his way to the Gold Gardens.

Lou: Great. I mean, let's get him in Gibbety Square.

Brennan: Okay, so you want to get him in Gibbety Square.

Lou: Sorry, what is the question you're actually asking me? I started laughing
too hard (cast laughs) and I forgot what you actually want to know.

Brennan: Okay, on that 14 Insight, you think that Captain James is going to
somewhere, either this house you're hiding in, or going somewhere in Crow's
Keep. Because he's coming from like one of the staircases or like pulley decks
that gets you up into the Crow's Keep.

Lou: Okay, so I think we're gonna, I'd like to wait for him to be, I'd like to
jump on top of him.

Brennan: Cool, awesome. So you're gonna like charge at the door? Are you gonna
be leading the charge as you rush out?

Lou: I- Of course.

Brennan: Incredible, okay.

Siobhan: It's been really nice knowing you then.

Emily: I believe in you, Fabian.

Lou: I've got this.

Emily: You've got this.

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna need just Lou to roll initiative if you would be so
kind.

Ally, Zac and Emily are all doing identical poses with their hands covering
their mouths and faces in a mix of amusement and horror.

Lou: That's 19.

Brennan: Okay. Hold on.

Emily: Okay, now I'm really scared.

Ally: Yeah. I do believe in you, I do believe in you.

(battle music starting)

Lou: How many men do I have?

Brennan: About 20.

Siobhan: How many men does he have?

Brennan: He's got about 30.

Lou: Where is the Hangman?

Brennan: Back at the stables.

Lou: Can I communicate with the Hangman?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Fabian: Hangman, you can't join me because I don't think you can climb all the
way to Crow's Keep but I'd like you to know I'm about to engage in a combat
that you would absolutely admire.

Brennan: Incredible. You see the Hangman says,

Hangman: Why have you done this? Where are you, what battle?

Fabian: It's Crow's Keep, we're gonna, Captain James showed up here and
everyone was making me feel bad that I didn't kill my dad properly and so was
like, I gotta really kill him. So I said, we're gonna jump on him and murder
him. So we're gonna sneak up on him and get him!

Brennan: You see that, okay, you see the Hangman says,

Hangman: Please, wait for me, wait for me to arrive to be your steed.

Fabian: I mean if you could get here, please try.

Brennan: You hear through your mind's ear the breaking of chains and smashing
down of a door and James is right outside the door. What do you do?

Lou: He's right outside the door?

Brennan: Well, he's like 20 feet out into the road from the front door of this
manor house that you're in.

Lou: I open the door and walk out,

Fabian: (relatively calmly) Captain James.

Brennan: Okay, so you're not rushing and just unloading, you walk out and say
Captain James?

Lou: All right, yeah, I kick the door down and I say,

Fabian: (aggressively) Captain James!

Lou: I stab him.

Emily: (squeaky) No.

Brennan: Go ahead—

Ally: You better stab and run.

Brennan: Go ahead and take—

Siobhan: That is so fucking good. Oh my god.

Brennan: Go ahead and take your attacks please.

Zac: Is the Hangman with the Hangvan?

Brennan: The Hangman is with the Hangvan.

Zac: [with careful emphasis] Would the Hangvan have noticed the Hangman
running away?

Brennan: Gorgug, in your sleep, you get a,

Van: Hey, broski, wakey, wakey, eggs and bakey.

Gorgug: Is it morning already?

Van: No, it's the dead of night.

(Ally laughing)

Van: Looks like old skull and bones just scootaloo’d on out of here pretty
toasty.

Gorgug: What's that mean? What's all that mean?

Van: The Hangman just popped a wheelie and smashed the door down. Just wanted
to give you kind of a heads up.

Zac: Okay, I think Gorgug wakes up and relays this, probably still a little
drunk, like,

Gorgug: Who's here?

Adaine: I think we're all there.

Kristen: We’re all here, except for Fabian, right?

Fig: I am unless my mom's asking in which case I'm not here.

Gorgug: Okay, skull and bones has got a little upset and skidoddled, I think
the Hangman is running to help--

Kristen: Go back to bed, Gorgug.

Gorgug: No, no, no, no, no, Hangman is going to help Fabian do something.
Where's Fabian?

Brennan: Yeah, you see that Sandra Lynn looks around and says,

Sandra Lynn: (panicked) Where is Fabian?

Fig: Oh, hey mom.

Sandra Lynn: (awkwardly) Hey, sweetie.

Brennan: And cool, you guys just start to run.

Siobhan: I think that we had four hours, have I tranced for four hours?

Brennan: No, you have not had four hours.

Siobhan: Okay.

Fig: Who wants to go on a ride with me?

Emily: I grab Gorgug's arm and Dimension Door to the Hangman.

Zac: Whoa.

Kristen: I've got heals though.

Brennan: Cool, you Dimension Door as far as you can. That gets you a lot of
the way out of the Gold, like into the sort of outside building of the Gold
Gardens campus. Leviathan is the site of a city. So right now, Fabian is about
like three quarters of a mile horizontally away and then about a quarter of a
mile up into the air.

Ally: Do we know where he is or do we have to find the Hangman to find him?

Brennan: You have to find the Hangman to find him.

Siobhan: Okay, can I cast Fly on, (to Kristen) you're fairly strong, right?

Ally: Er, yup,

Murph: I can Investigate.

Siobhan: Great, so can I cast Fly on Kristen and then can Kristen carry me and
Riz?

Emily: So just for the record, Dimension Door, it can be a place that you can
visualize. So I am gonna visualize the Hangman when I Dimension Door.

Brennan: Okay, so actually as you visualize the Hangman, Fig doesn't close the
distance but does give you an exact compass direction towards where the
Hangman is headed.

Emily: Awesome. And I grab Gorgug and I say,

Fig: Follow us.

Emily: And then we disappear.

Adaine: What?

Kristen: Jesus Christ.

Riz: That’s not how this works.

Lou: (raising his arms over his head proudly) I’ve thrown this group into
chaos!

Murph: Can I just run to the van I guess?

Gorgug: Yeah, go to the van.

Riz: Come on, let's go.

Siobhan: Yeah, we're flying.

Ally: We’re flying. Hop on, I grab both of you.

Brennan: I'm gonna resolve at least the first round of this combat because it
will be, even for those of you flying, it will be multiple rounds to get to
where you're trying to get. So Fabian, let's hear it.

Lou: 26.

Brennan: 26 hits.

Lou: Great. That's gonna be 9.

Brennan: Great, you do 9 points of damage. You lash out with the sword of the
Seacasters. Go ahead and take your second attack.

(exciting battle music)

Lou: (nervous noises) 27.

Brennan: 27 also hits.

Lou: I think that is the plan. That'll be 10.

Brennan: Ooh! You slash at him again.

Lou: I'm gonna Action Surge.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: That'll be 20?

Brennan: 20 hits, yes.

Lou: That'll be 12 damage.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: And then last one's only gonna be 14.

Brennan: Last one's only 14. 14 misses. You kick the door down, yell Captain
James, rush out and slash three times into a completely startled and surprised
Captain James Whitclaw.

Fabian: (high-pitched battle scream)

Brennan: It is now Captain James' turn. Okay, you see Captain James springs
back goes,

Captain James: (growl) Hey there, boyo— (terrifying mindflayer burbling)

Brennan: And leaps forward as this crystalline cutlass comes out from his
belt. He's gonna make two attacks right now. That's two misses. Okay, this
next one, he's gonna make another attack. That one's a hit. You take
immediately,

Murph: This was balanced for 1v1, right?

Lou: Yeah.

Murph: This'll be fine, this will be a normal amount of damage.

Brennan: You take 19 points of psychic damage and are grappled. I need an
Intelligence saving throw.

Siobhan: Can I use my divination rolls if I'm not there?

Brennan: You cannot.

Siobhan: Dang.

Lou: So first off—

Siobhan: Oh, I don't even have them because we didn't get a full night's rest.
Ah, this is horrible!

Emily: Tomorrow will be great though.

Siobhan: Tomorrow will be really good.

Lou: You need an Intelligence?

Brennan: Mmhmm.

Lou: (calmly) That's a nat 1.

Murph: Good Lord. You deserve this.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second. I'm gonna narrate what happens next.

Emily: Oh no, narrate? Why would we need to go into narration? (fearful laugh)
You don't need to!

Zac: Probably like got confused for a second, right?

Brennan: Okay, you are stunned, which means that you are incapacitated, you
cannot take actions or reactions, can't move and can speak only falteringly.
Captain James swings you twice with his sword and then leaps forward, grabs
your arm and his tentacles wrap over your face and you can feel his beak begin
to slide along the top of your skull.

Emily: Oh, he's gonna eat your brain.

Brennan: As he attempts to eat your brain. You are stunned.

Ally: And we're three rounds away if we get there fast?

Brennan: What I'm gonna do right now is this, so the fastest way to get there
would be to fly.

Murph: We also have Baxter, right?

Siobhan: But Baxter's in the, yeah.

Brennan: Sorry, you have Baxter with you. I'm gonna look at Baxter's speed
very briefly. (laughing a little) This is completely wild. Baxter's fly speed
is 80. Does your spell go faster than that?

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: But if I cast fly on Riz, Riz as a rogue has dash as a bonus action.

Brennan: That's correct.

Siobhan: So I should do that, right?

Murph: That'd be great.

Siobhan: And then you can get, it's 60 feet of flying and then you have three
movements—

Brennan: You'd be able to do 180 a round, which means that Riz would actually
be able to get there the fastest. So what we're gonna look at right now is you
go 180 feet a round. I'm going to say that just because moving diagonally in
5E doesn't cost more than horizontally, we're just gonna do three quarters of
a mile moving 180 feet per turn. So this is fun math— 5280—

Siobhan: If we did this in metric, it would be much easier. I'm just saying.

Zac: This is not the time. It's just not the time.

Murph: It's just fully not the time, yeah.

Brennan: So three quarters of a mile is 3,960 feet divided by 180 feet per
turn. Riz, you'll get there in 22 rounds.

Siobhan: No, what?

Ally: With flying?

Emily: So the Hangman isn't even gonna make it there any time soon.

Murph: Nothing's gonna make it there. We're just running, or flying. Try to
get there as fast as I can I guess.

Siobhan: Does Garthy have teleportation? They’re a cleric, right?

Brennan: Does someone want to wake Garthy up?

Siobhan: No.

Murph: I mean yeah.

Ally: Would Sandra Lynn be able to do that maybe?

Emily: I'll go wake up Garthy.

Siobhan: I'll go wake up Garthy.

Murph: If I can go fast, I'll go grab Garthy.

Siobhan: Yeah, fly and wake up Garthy.

Brennan: Okay, so you're gonna go wake up Garthy.

Siobhan: 22 rounds?

Ally: And we're like Fabian is missing. That's all the info that we have?

Murph: We know that the Hangman left in a—

Siobhan: If it was three-quarters of a kilometer, it would be so much—

Fig: Gilear, do you have teleportation?

Gilear: [shouts] I cannot be held responsible!

Emily: Can I slap him to see if anything magical jostles inside him?

Brennan: Okay, the moment you slap Gilear.

Zac: He dies.

(laughing)

Fig: Gilear, you are the chosen one!

Brennan: Yeah, Gilear collapses to the ground, immediately begins weeping. So
now what's gonna happen is this—

Siobhan: This is a nightmare.

Zac: I have a pretty good question.

Brennan: Cool, give me the question.

Zac: So this is like a big ship, right?

Brennan: Mmhmm.

Zac: And on a pirate ship, regular size pirate ship admittedly, when you grab
a rope and you go like this, you fly to where you want to go almost
immediately!

Siobhan: That's a great question.

Emily: That’s a really good question.

Zac: Is there a big ass rope that they could cut?

Brennan: Go ahead and roll an Investigation check to find a rope that you
could cut.

Emily: I'm with Gorgug so can I also do that?

Brennan: Cool, yeah, give me an Investigation check.

Zac: Okay, come on.

Emily: That is 17.

Zac: Ehh, 6.

Brennan: You guys find a rope that appears to go up from the Gold Gardens up
towards the Crow's Nest. And it seems to be attached to some kind of weight.

Gorgug: Fabian! (jumps)

Emily: I jump onto it.

Brennan: Awesome. This rope has a move speed of 90. So you're gonna fly
through the air at 90. You can take two move actions a turn, which is about
180. So you guys should be there in about 20 rounds. You begin to, but you're
holding and and they're literally (screaming) just streaking. Gorgug's going
here like,

Gorgug is screaming aggressively while holding onto the rope.

Brennan: I’m gonna need Constitution saving throws from both of you.

Murph: Maximum velocity through a city.

Siobhan: Your mouths just flapping in the wind.

Murph: You’re dead. You're both dead.

Emily: I lose my voice halfway through.

Brennan: Gimme, gimme con saves, both of you.

Zac: Good Lord. Oh con, I've got a 14.

Emily: 12.

Brennan: 14, 12, okay. 11, 12, you guys each take 18 points of damage as your
arms dislocate from the force of the rope. You've never felt like, [mimics
yelps] things are changing so fast, you can't see through the tears streaming
out of your eyes. [laughing] You are rocketing through the air with this rope—

Zac: Can I go into a rage?

Brennan: Yeah, you go into a rage, yes. As you both hold on for dear life.

Siobhan: This is so bad.

Brennan: The moment that you guys go from on the ground to a lethal distance
in the air if you let go is less than a fraction of a second. This is how fast
you are moving through the city.

Zac: Can we just start this session over?

Siobhan: Please.

Lou: Honestly, honestly.

Brennan: This is why we do this live.

Siobhan: This is why we should get one mulligan, Brennan!

Lou: I did not know what I was getting into. This all happened so fast.

Ally: Does Revivify bring a brain back?

Brennan: Actually, Revivify does not work if the person has lost an organ.

Murph: Also it only works within a minute and we're so far from him. Garthy!

Ally: Dude!

Brennan: You guys are flying through the sky. You're flying to go get Garthy,
the Hangman is rocketing away, Sandra Lynn is flying to Crow's Keep as well.
Sandra Lynn can have taken, probably Kristen with her. Adaine, you're
maintaining concentration, are you doing anything else or no?

Siobhan: I'm gonna go with Baxter, if I can.

Brennan: Yeah, so you're gonna jump on with Baxter as well. Tracker is flying
in wolf form next to you guys. Gilear's crying on the ground. Ragh—

Emily: Can I do Blade Ward so I take only half damage from that arm pain?

Brennan: Sure, you can do that, yes. And you see that Ragh just starts running
through the city after the van.

Ragh: (grunting) Hoot, growl, hoot, growl, hoot growl!

Adaine: Good hustle, Ragh.

Ragh: (yelling) Thank you!

Kristen: Sandra Lynn, I know you don't want to talk about it.

Emily screams a little.

Adaine: We cannot have this conversation right now. Absolutely not.

Emily: You have the most shit eating grin, oh my goodness. I'm gonna save a
piece of this rope for you.

Ally: We have no idea what's really happening.

Siobhan: I cast Tasha’s Hideous Laughter on Kristen.

Ally: I pull out my ribbon.

(various cackling)

Brennan: Now what we're gonna do is this. How many hit points is Fabian at
right now?

Lou: How long does the hit points from Inspiring Speech last?

Brennan: We will assume that these have lasted.

Lou: Then I am at 78.

Brennan: Okay, cool. Fabian goes, James went. The warlocks go next. So the
followers of Old Bill are going to rush out onto the deck. There are four
warlocks in this number that have taken Repelling Blast as an invocation.
There are four of them. The four that have taken Repelling Blast, when a
creature is moved against its, so Repelling Blast moves a creature 10 feet
when it gets hit with an eldritch blast. When a creature is moved with that,
its grapple automatically ends because your stunned condition cannot end
unless the grapple is ended.

Lou: So one of these four dudes needs to hit? (holding up four fingers)

Brennan: One of these four dudes needs to hit. We're gonna roll them in front
right now.

Lou: What do they need to hit?

Brennan: Captain James's AC. I will let you know right now that this is very
hard to do.

Ally: Man.

Murph: Nat 20.

Siobhan: One in four?

Emily: Nat 20, nat 20. Crit.

Brennan: Right now, they are gonna hit on a 14 or above, okay? That's an 8.
That's a 12.

Lou: What?

Brennan: 19.

[screams]

Siobhan: Okay!

Emily: One more, one more.

Brennan: 18, cool.

Siobhan: Two hits.

Emily: 20 feet, 20 feet.

Lou is shouting and groaning in relief/fear.

Murph: This still stuns.

Zac: Does the stun not end if he gets—

Siobhan: If you're grappled.

Lou: I think the only way it can end is if he's ungrappled—

Brennan: You see that as your warlocks rush out of the deck and see you
goggle-eyed as Captain James’ jaw begins to distend and he slips a hand into
your leather jacket and says,

Whitclaw: Oh, I have so many of your siblings’ brains in me stomach already.
Say hi when you— (exploding).

Brennan: And you see that Chungle-Down Jim, sorry, Chungle-Down Bim comes
rushing out and goes,

Chungle-Down Bim: Bit your bob ye squid!

Brennan: And shoots out his hand as this Eldritch Blast comes out. You have
not seen really, all you've seen is illusion magic so far, which of course,
looks like whatever it does. You see that this magic is a pure stream of gold
coins that vanish in flames as they hit the target. And it sounds like a slot
machine at Vegas, just brring! (mimics explosion) and Captain James is
repelled 10 feet back.

Lou: I still can't, I'm still stunned?

Brennan: You are no longer stunned immediately.

Lou: Can I speak?

Brennan: You can speak.

Fabian: (yelling) Spells are on me, go, go, I’ll pay for anything, go, go.
Unlimited money, I will pay for all your spells, go!

Brennan: (laughing) Incredible!

Emily: Any celestial warlocks among them?

Siobhan: Well, see you in 19 rounds dude.

Emily: I've got a plan, I've got a plan.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second.

Ally: You have one arm, one working arm.

Emily: I've got a plan.

Lou: (laughing so hard he can barely talk) You've got a dislocated arm.

Ally: We're all so fucked and we're not getting any rest. Oh man.

Siobhan: I have so few spell slots.

Murph: Even when you get there, are you just gonna hit the wall at maximum
velocity?

Emily: I have a plan.

Lou: Oh my God, (fails to finish his sentence due to laughing too hard)

Zac squishes his cheeks apart and yells.

Siobhan: You just wrap around the post like a fucking cartoon character.

Emily: Oh my goodness gracious.

Lou: (high-pitched laughter) What have I done to my friends?

Zac: This is fucking chaos.

Ally: This is wild.

Murph: I've taken my glasses off in just pure disgust with us probably 14
times.

This is slightly exaggerated but mostly true. His glasses are off as he
speaks.

Siobhan: Yeah. I cannot look at what’s happening.

Emily: I've done like nothing, okay? This is not my fault this time.

Lou: This is entirely me. I made all of these choices.

Murph: Me and Ally set the mood.

Brennan: I by the way, had a session prepped for tonight, but this is what the
game is. The game is not about what you prepare, it's about what happens.

Ally: There we go.

Brennan: So now you see your warlocks all unload on Captain James. And you
hear, so they all shout like, you hear Alistair say,

Alistair: Save the son of Bill!

Brennan: And all Captain James' pirates turn, open up with flintlock muskets
as they start to cunning action dive behind barrels and take cover. Six of
your warlocks are dead immediately in their first round.

Lou: Cool, that's out of 20?

Brennan: Out of 20.

Ally: So that's the end of the first round?

Brennan: That's the end of the first round of combat. Only 19 more—

Ally: 19 more till we get there to help.

Brennan: Cool! Fabian, it's gonna be you.

Lou: (unhappy about it) Oh, we're back to me?

Brennan: Back to you.

Lou: Okay, so, how many, can I make an Insight check as to how Captain James
is doing after taking some hits?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Insight check.

Lou: That's gonna be a 6.

Brennan: Okay, you've got a six?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: He looks fine.

Lou: Truly fine?

Brennan: He looks fine.

Murph: With a 6.

Lou: With a 6. In terms of space, how much space, with where we've decided to
have this combat is the battlefield large, small? How much room do I have to
like maneuver around?

Brennan: The street is about 30 feet wide across between the manor house
that's partially destroyed right behind you. So you guys are fighting in the
middle of the street. You've got about 10 feet of distance between you and
like the wall behind you. And then another few feet on the other side of this
horde of Captain James' pirates.

Lou: How much space is there between me and Captain James?

Brennan: Only about 10 feet.

Lou: 10 feet, okay. Oh man. Wow, wow, wow. Okay, I'm going to run and attack
Captain James again.

Brennan: Great, make your two attacks.

Ally: I loved it when you said run!

Siobhan lets out a long, disappointed sigh.

Lou: There's 12.

Brennan: 12 misses.

Lou: Great, I'm gonna dart back 20 feet.

Brennan: Okay, you take one of your two attacks, you dart back. He's gonna get
an attack of opportunity on you. Hold on one second.

Zac: This is like Gangs of New York but stupid.

(laughing)

Brennan: He hits. I am going to need a Intelligence saving throw from you.

Lou: Oh my God. Oh my God.

Murph: Nat 20.

Emily: Nat 20, nat 20, nat 20.

Lou: (very quietly) So 4.

Brennan: What's that? Natural 4? Okay.

Lou: It's a natural three. It was a modified four.

Murph: It's a dirty four.

Brennan: Dirty four.

(laughing)

Ally: I feel drunk from anxiety.

Emily: I know.

Ally: The anxiety has reached, it's pickling my brain.

Zac: Is Fabian just dead? Is that what's going on?

Ally: Do we get like a guest star for the rest of these streams? Like what the
fuck?

Lou: It's just the end of me, I guess.

Zac: Just run.

Ally: Literally you said the word run and then you said attack.

Brennan: Fabian takes 39 points of damage as Captain James slices across you
with one stroke of his cutlass.

Lou: And then?

Brennan: Nothing else happens. His attack of opportunity happens with his
sword, not his cutlass.

Lou: Great, I take that much damage?

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: Great. I scream—

Brennan: You feel a psychic resonance off the blade. You are making
Intelligence saves because his sword when it touches you floods with a more
powerful hatred than you have ever felt. You think his mind is capable of
feeling hatred so powerfully that it can disrupt the tissues of your body.

Lou: Cool, with that information, I say,

Fabian: Forward men, forward!

Lou: And I would like to run and hide behind as many of them as I possibly
can.

Brennan: Incredible.

Emily: Good.

Zac: Sacrificing all his warlocks...

Brennan: Okay, so go ahead and run. You've taken one attack. Now you've
doubled back another 20 feet which can get you kind of to the doorway.

Siobhan: Do you have a crossbow?

Lou: I do. Can I shoot him one time and then hide?

Brennan: You don't have cunning action.

Lou: Great. And then just be as far away as possible.

Brennan: Sure you can get into the doorway.

Lou: Great. I'm going to attack him again and then I will Second Wind.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: That's gonna be 20 to hit.

Brennan: He casts Shield. Great.

Lou: And I heal for seven plus eight, 15.

Brennan: Okay. I am going to, you see Captain Whitclaw holding his saber here.
Says,

Whitclaw: Running so soon, boyo? That's no captain that abandons his crew! I'm
so sorry, crew! (hand to his temple, does some psychic attack)

Brennan: And he, I'm gonna roll some saves in front of the board right now for
the other 14 of your men. We'll do the 10 unnamed ones first.

Ally: I need CBD.

Siobhan: A nice hot bath after this.

Emily: Can we have turns during this?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely. Hold on one second. I'm just gonna resolve this.
This is only the second round really. Hold on one second. Whoo! Okay. All of
these guys need a 15 or higher to survive.

Lou: Survive?

Brennan: Survive, these are the unnamed warlocks that are still alive. (rolls
several d20) Dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, dead, one unnamed warlock is still
alive. We're gonna roll for the other four. Hold on.

Siobhan: Chungle-Down Bim, that is definitely an anagram. Fellas in the chat,
figure it out.

Emily: And fellettes.

Siobhan: These are genderless fellas.

Brennan: So Captain James Whitclaw raises up to his head. Pure malevolence
made of psionic force flows from him and rends the bodies as though an
invisible spectral force was gripping them and shaking them so fast they
simply came apart. Like you see through haze of like heat coming off of a
grill on the hottest day of summer. They just shake and come apart. All of
them except one warlock that you did not get a chance to meet, Chungle-Down
Bim is alive, Alistair Ash is alive and Old Young Benjamin is alive. Creaky
McBarrel is dead. So your father's cult has gone from 20 to four warlocks in
12 seconds.

Zac: What happened to the guy who Featherfalled off?

Brennan: Oh sorry, there is a fifth warlock of Old Bill that yet draws breath.
Let me make a note.

Ally: And they all watched you run.

Lou: I didn't run away, I just hid and then I shot him.

Brennan: Okay. And then Captain Jim is going to take his movement to get next
to you but he's already taken his action, he's just setting himself up for
another attack of opportunity. How many hit points you got right now?

Lou: (petulantly) I'm not telling you.

Brennan: Okay. That is now—

Lou: I'm at 63.

Brennan: That's now going to be the warlocks. I'm gonna roll, go ahead and
give me—

Lou: Did he, never mind.

Brennan: Can you go ahead and give me three, give me three Charisma checks
with disadvantage if you'd be so kind. Actually, no give me four charisma
checks with disadvantage. So you have to roll them one at a, 'cause you can't
roll them all because you won't know which ones are low and which ones are
high.

Lou: I'm gonna roll these three, give me a fourth dice. I just need one. I'll
roll these four twice and the lower of the two on each of the dice.

Brennan: But you gotta pair them so you know which is which.

Emily: I think it's gonna be them abandoning you so--

Lou: 3.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: 13. 7.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: 3.

Brennan: You see Old Young Benjamin leaps as high as he can, leaps up into the
rigging, disappears. The unnamed warlock simply vanishes into the night.
Chungle-Down Bim turns to you and goes,

Chungle-Down Bim: Ye ain't no pirate and Bill would spit in your eye.

Brennan: And he's going to cast Eldritch Blast on you. And he misses. Gold
just fires off,

Chungle-Down Bim: I'm gonna shit in your mouth. I'm gonna make a toilet in
your mouth boy.

Lou: Fabian honestly is fighting back tears.

Brennan: Alistair Ash rushes up and says,

Alistair: Don't worry, Master Fabian, I'm still loyal to the end!

Brennan: And is going to rush up and attempt to grapple Captain James.

Siobhan: Oh Alistair.

Emily: Don't.

Ally: Don't die, Alistair.

Brennan: That's a natural 1 on Alistair's grapple check.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: Alistair collapses in a heap,

Murph: Instantly judo-thrown.

Brennan: Instantly is like thrown off of Captain James’ shoulder effortlessly.

Zac: One of his tentacles, like— (mimics one tentacle doing a small flick)

Brennan: I'm gonna, actually yeah—

Lou: So it's just me and Aster?

Brennan: No, that's the warlocks. I'm gonna say you are partially obscured in
the doorway. So you have cover from the pirates on the street. Now, for
everyone else, what are the turns you guys are, we return to you guys in front
of the air. You've got about another nine rounds.

Emily: Okay, but I would like to, I'm gonna Disguise Self and become Jamina
Joy and then I would like to look as we're soaring through I need to look for
a—

Siobhan: This was your plan?

Emily: What else do I have to do here?

Ally: Amen, I believe in you.

Emily: And then I want to look for a wizard. So do I find a wizard? I look
like Jamina Joy. Tell me whether or not I find a wizard.

Brennan puts both hands over his mouth, but he looks considering.

Murph: This is the worst— we have no plans. We have no plans.

Brennan: No, no, no, no, no, this is not him, this is not Hilda Hilda, this is
good this is good, this is good. I love this.

Ally: Hilda Hilda on Hilda Street.

Brennan: Hilda Hilda on Hilda Street. And Hilda Boulevard.

Zac: Can I give you a help action?

Brennan: Here's the important thing, you disguise up as Jamina Joy, you are
Jamina Joy throttling through the air faster than you can intuit on an
emotional level, right? You are looking for a wizard. I'm gonna say please
take a Perception check with disadvantage.

Zac: Can I help?

Brennan: No, you may not.

(laughing)

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Sorry.

Emily: I got a four.

Brennan: Okay, you are miraculously with a dislocated shoulder able to
disguise yourself as the boatswain of the Leviathan. You begin to look for a
wizard. You see a shape that looks a lot like a wizard until you realize it is
a screaming nebula of lights and fog as you shoot through the sky.

Emily: Okay, I don't need to find a wizard, I just shout,

Fig: [as Jamina Joy] “People of Leviathan, teleport me to Crow's Keep for the
sake of Leviathan!”

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna home rule something right now. I'm gonna need you to
give me a Persuasion check with quadruple disadvantage. That's where you're
gonna roll four D20 and take the worst of the four.

Zac: Can I help?

Brennan: No, you absolutely may not and in fact, 5 damage.

(laughing)

Zac: Halved or?

Brennan: Yeah so four D20, the lowest.

Emily: 15.

Ally: Wow!

Brennan: No, four D20.

Emily: I did four D20.

Brennan: (standing to look at her dice) The lowest you got was a 15?

Emily: I get plus 11 persuasion. This. Is. My. Shit. This is what I do.

Brennan: So you scream down, you see to your credit a bunch of people come out
looking helpful to their balconies. Your cry fills the city of Leviathan and
there are several people here that would teleport you. However, the issue is
that what they effectively hear is (lengthy mumbled screaming) and you are
gone.

Murph: Simpsons style, “yeai!!”

Emily: Truly, what else— this was my best plan.

Ally: Good plan.

Lou: It was a solid effort.

Brennan: It was perfect, it was perfect.

Murph: There's nothing we can do, yeah. We keep flying in the direction that
we can. I'm still trying to get to Garthy.

Zac: Do I see him? Captain—

Brennan: Captain James, no! (primly) Under no circumstance.

Zac: We'll have to throw a hand ax at him.

Emily: We started at 3,406, but then we got 90 for the, we've probably gone
two rounds with this rope, so 100 minus 180.

Brennan: Yeah, for sure, absolutely.

Zac: Can I throw a hand ax?

Brennan: Yeah, you want to throw a quadruple disadvantage hand ax there? You
could roll 4 nat 20s.

Siobhan: Why not, what do you have to lose?

Lou: I have put us in this position. I have made these things happen.

Brennan: No, great, for sure! Sometimes we forget what we do.

Zac: We're coming, Fabian! Nat 1.

Brennan: Statistically high probability yeah of rolling a nat 1 there. Cool,
you hurl an ax up ahead. I'm gonna roll a saving throw for the rope directly
ahead of you that is sustaining you in the air real quick.

Siobhan: What if we get a total party kill from this?

Fig: People of Leviathan, I will now fall with an orc, catch me!

Emily: I do not remember what Jamina sounds like.

Brennan: Okay, that's a natural 16. You do not sever the rope. You are flying
through the city on. Congratulations, great, cool.

Zac: I'm so stressed out.

Brennan: Would anyone else like to take actions?

Murph: Just fly.

Ally: Fly.

Brennan: Cool, so you can fly into one of the upper, if you're flying, you can
fly into one of the upper levels and try to find Garthy.

Murph: Sweet, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Give me an Investigation check, see if you find him, or find them,
excuse me.

Murph: Good Lord. Dirty 20.

Brennan: Dirty 20, you find them right away.You smash through a window. You
see that Garthy is literally like playing a harpsichord and they look kind of
relaxed like they've just had a bunch of sex—

Riz: Garthy, I'm really sorry, I know we've done this a lot but this time it's
real. Fabian's in trouble. He never came home and then his motorcycle just
flew off and went somewhere. I think he's in trouble. We can't get there fast!
Do you know how to get there fast? Do you know how to get places fast?

Brennan: One second, go ahead and give me a Persuasion roll if you'd be so
kind.

Murph: (slams the table) That is a 26.

(Ally clapping)

Brennan: Oh my God.

Emily: Was it a nat 20?

Murph: No, I got 19.

Siobhan: I really love these big dice. I can see them from here.

Ally: A nat-teen.

Brennan: Okay. You see Garthy looks over at you and says,

Garthy: Lovey, calm down, it's all gonna be all right, come with me. Grabs you
and walks down the hall, just walks 30 feet down the hall.

Siobhan: Walks?

Brennan: Yeah.

Riz: Can we run?

Brennan: You see, says,

Garthy: Lovey, running is not gonna make a difference now. You understand?

Riz: (small voice) Okay.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Can I?

Brennan: We-- Adaine, yes?

Siobhan: I also have nothing that I feel like I can do but I would like to--

Emily: You gotta try, maybe the rolls.

Siobhan: Pray to the gods of the jacket and reach into my jacket of usefulness
and see if there's something in there. I just ask for something that will get
me there faster.

(music stops for a moment)

Brennan: Okay, something that will get you there faster. Go ahead and roll an
Arcana check for me.

Siobhan: Okay. 22.

Brennan: Ok. A Razor scooter comes out of your—

Siobhan: But I'm--

Emily: You're on a griffin.

Siobhan: I'm on the back of a griffin.

Emily: Maybe it's for the griffin.

Siobhan: Is it a Razor scooter of teleportation?

Brennan: Again, the jacket cannot produce items in excess of a certain gold
piece value.

Siobhan: Hey, man, I don't know the value of teleportation Razor scooters.

Zac: Just keep it.

Siobhan: I'm gonna keep it, it's cool.

Brennan: Absolutely you should keep that scooter. Great, so--

Ally: I'd like to cast Bless just on us on the griffin.

Brennan: Cool, you cast Bless, that's wonderful. Fabian, that returns to your
turn.

Lou: Okay. So it's Aster laying on the ground next to me?

Brennan: Alistair is laying on the ground next to you.

Lou: James is—

Brennan: Standing in the doorway within five foot reach of you.

Lou: So if I move, he will get an opportunity attack?

Brennan: He will get an opportunity attack with his sword.

Zac: Unless you disengage.

Lou: Unless I disengage. So I'm in the house?

Brennan: Mmhmm.

Lou: Half of the house is gone?

Brennan: Gone.

Lou: What is the quality of that? What would I be— What's on the other side,
just a pit?

Brennan: It's the edge of the Crow's Keep. So it is a quarter of a mile drop
to the neighborhood below which is Mast Hearth.

Siobhan: Are there ropes?

Lou: Are there ropes?

Brennan: There are so many ropes. There is so much rigging on the way down.

Zac: Be careful. Be careful with those ropes.

Siobhan: Thank God that you have such a good history of athletically jumping.

Lou: If I were to run and jump for ropes, what would--

Ally starts eating a banana.

Siobhan: Ally.

Brennan: (like a disappointed parent) Ally.

Lou: Honestly, this is a great time to do it. It honestly brings the intensity
down. I'm breathing better because this banana is being eaten.

Murph has taken off his glasses in disgust again.

Murph: Just a banana with peanut butter…

Some of the peanut butter Ally is eating spills a bit, and they turn and
fiddle to clean it.

Lou: Can I do an insight check that-- Do I see ropes that I think I could
reach on a jump?

Brennan: Give me a Perception check.

Ally: There's a lot more oil in that pack than I thought.

Lou: Yeah, it's made with palm oil and I wasn't about that.

Murph: Good Lord.

Brennan: What's the perception check?

Lou: (reluctantly) It's a nat 1.

Brennan: There is a rope directly in front of you that you are certain you
could grab onto and would sustain you down to the ground.

Zac: Don't look at me.

Ally: Don't look at me.

Brennan: You have never in your life been more certain that a rope would
completely bamboozle your foes and get you safely to the ground.

Lou: (smilingly) Fabian runs and jumps for the rope.

Brennan: Okay, does Fabian do anything else before running?

Lou: I guess I'll disengage if it's within 30 feet.

Brennan: Cool, and again, pirates out there, Chungle-Down Jim, you got Captain
James there, Alistair crumpled at Captain James’ feet. You're standing there.
It's literally like 20 feet through the house to the edge where you can jump.
Cool, so you are going to disengage, run, jump—

Lou: For the rope.

Brennan: Great. You disengage, run. As you do so, give me one more Charisma
check with disadvantage.

Lou: That is a 9.

Brennan: Alistair looks up at you completely heartbroken and says,

Alistair: Captain, why?

Brennan: And you run, grab the rope. The rope is attached to a laundry line
above you that completely cannot support your weight. You yank down, a bunch
of giant silk bloomers cover your body. One goes over your head and you begin
to plummet towards the ground a quarter of a mile drop to the city floor
below.

[defeated sighs]

Brennan: What's going to happen now is this.

Ally: We all wake up 'cause this was a crazy dream and like—

Siobhan: We've had the craziest Nightmare King-induced dream…

Emily: We take a pill that transports us back in time to before my mom did
what she did.

Ally: So the Nightmare King made all of this feel so real (looks into the
camera) for everyone watching also.

Brennan: (counting something, ominously) 192.

Zac: Seems like we're gonna figure it out in the next 10 minutes or so.

Siobhan: Yeah, you have a few rounds to fall. You can grab another rope on the
way.

Lou: I'm hoping for more ropes on the way down.

Siobhan: (in sync with Lou) A lot of ropes on the way down.

Lou: This man won't stop talking about how much rigging there is.

Siobhan: He's counting a lot over there. Just quietly counting.

Zac: Can you parachute with the bloomers?

Lou: Yeah, can I use the laundry?

Siobhan: Make some kind of parachute.

Brennan: So, it takes a second to get up to terminal velocity. I've done the
math, a quarter of a mile is 1.320 feet. A body falling reaches terminal
velocity at 32 feet per second, which is 192 feet around. It will take Fabian
seven rounds to reach the bottom, which means that no one else will be within
range to help Fabian but you will have seven rounds of chances to attempt to
slow your fall. Okay? So we're gonna start with a little counter of rounds.
We're gonna roll luck checks to see if there's rigging. I'm gonna say that you
need an 11 or higher to have available rigging and we're gonna need a DC20
Dexterity saving throw. Okay? Cool.

Emily: This is just so not how I saw tonight going.

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: 8, so there's none on that round. 2, none on that round. 17. Go ahead
and give me a Dexterity saving throw to attempt, so you gotta get a DC20.

Lou rolls, looks at it, then puts away the specific die he used. Murph groans.

Brennan: Nat 1?

Emily: Another nat 1?

Brennan: You pass through some rope, ah boom, and now you are partially tied,
your legs are tied up as you pass through some more ropes.

Zac: Your legs are tied up?

Brennan: Yeah, you go through ropes that you don't manage to catch so you get
wrapped up in some more ropes, you're covered in underwear. 10 is on the lower
half, Four, nine, six, some bad rolls, 10, not enough last chance to attempt
to slow your fall. 15. This is your last chance to not take full falling
damage.

Siobhan: What do you need to get?

Ally: DC 20.

Lou: I need a 20. I get plus seven, I need a 13.

Brennan: Let's see if you roll this 13.

Murph: You got it.

Zac: You got it, you got it. You absolutely got it.

Emily: Everyone think positive thoughts!

Lou rolls his save. Siobhan and Emily scream in happiness, and Lou himself
puts his face in his hand in relief.

Ally: Yes! 16.

Siobhan: 25.

Zac: Oh, this fucking game!

Brennan: Okay, we exit from combat. Because a lot of people were not present
in that combat, I'm going to just narrate how we all arrive at the following
scene. So we have Baxter with Sandra Lynn, Tracker nearby, Kristen and Adaine.
You guys arrive after, you guys arrive, Garthy takes you into a room in the
Gold Gardens. They kneel down, touch a silvery pentagram in silver chalk in
the center of a shrine room filled with red and pink and orange candles, touch
it. A pair of neon red, and when I say neon, I mean it literally is just the
outline, as in like a neon sign. So these neon wings just made of outlines of
light erupt from Garthy's back and they touch a warm hand to your shoulder and
you begin to see buildings and streets move past you as though you were
stationary and the city were rushing past your vision as you begin to move
through the city. Ragh and the Hangvan are the slowest and having the hardest
time getting here. Oh wait, Ragh's clearly driving the Hangvan as the Hangvan
can't drive. So you guys all—

Zac: What happened to us?

Brennan: Oh yes, sorry—

Emily: I'm still Jamina Joy for now.

Brennan: I'm so sorry, I forgot. Incredible.

Murph: We're all just gonna arrive and Fabian's gonna crumble down. Fabian's
alive and you guys are dead.

Zac: This is the dumbest session of, this is the dumbest.

Brennan: Okay, and you guys see that indeed Fig and Gorgug, you guys fly up
and eventually come to rest. As you approach the Crow's Keep, you see another
rope that can get you down to the bottom and the Hangvan is already telling
you in your head like come down here. You guys see Gorgog and Fig who truly
look as though they've been in a cold temperature dryer for 45 minutes.

(laughing)

Brennan: Fabian is hanging about, his head is probably about like seven feet
up in the air, dangling from his feet partially cocooned in underwear and
ropes, badly injured with blood running up his face and dripping through his
silvery hair onto a puddle in the ground underneath him. And that is where you
guys find Fabian.

Adaine: You can't sneak off on your own.

Riz: Did you kick his ass?

Adaine: What are you doing? He's wrapped in underwear and ropes, I don’t think
he kicked his ass.

Murph: I run over and try to use a Healer kit to kind of wake him up.

Emily: (crosstalk) I start doing Healing Word. Healing Word. Healing Word.

Ally: I start casting Prayer of Healing. It takes 10 minutes but I can get us
all a lot of heal.

Emily: I'll just use some Healing Words on you. Tell me when you don't need
'em.

Lou: How much damage do you want me to take?

Brennan: No, you successfully saved. You slowed your fall, you grabbed some
rope, wrapped yourself up in it like an aerialist. So you did it.

Lou: I have 63. (stuttering) I'm fine.

Brennan: Do you want to take some damage?

Lou: I feel like I'm cheating this if I don't.

Emily: 13 more.

Brennan: 10, 13, 13, 20, 30. You take 32 points of damage.

Lou: Great, 63 minus 32—

Emily: Well add the 13 that I gave you.

Lou: Plus 13.

Emily: And another 14.

Murph: I guess, yeah, I'll cut him down.

Brennan: Tracker begins to do kind of like a soothing ritual healing as well.
So all the party's healers are, y’know.

Riz: Fabian, who did this, what happened?

Fig: Were you ambushed?

Fabian: (quietly, shaky) No.

Gorgug: You were in a situation where you just couldn't get out, huh?

Fabian: (strained) Something like that.

Kristen: Yeah, they bust down the door and they found you where you were and
they said “Fabian!”and attacked you right away?

Adaine: Incriminating personal information.

Fig: All on your own.

Fabian: (not making eye contact) No, no, no, no.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: We're just gonna put Fabian in the van and we're gonna head back
to the Gold Gardens and we're gonna sleep, okay?

Fig: Yeah, that's all I want to do.

Brennan: (laughing) Tracker comes over and heals your dislocated arm.

Fig: Oh, I wouldn't mind.

Gorgug: Don't cut the ropes, just for FYI, don't cut the ropes. You go too
fast.

Brennan: You guys return to the Gold Gardens. As you guys return to the Gold
Gardens, Tracker looks up and says,

Tracker: So because we kind of didn't like bed down sort of like right away,
there's gonna be like a little period of time where this magic is not gonna be
fully protecting us. (hesitantly) I don't know necessarily what to do with
that but I just thought I'd let everybody know.

Fig: Should we take a day and sleep in shifts?

Tracker: Well, maybe, but also like even if you're sleeping in shifts, if
you're sleeping outside of the protection of the Moon Haven, I just don't
know.

Adaine: I mean we need to sleep.

Fig: Yeah, we don't have a choice.

Kristen: We just take the risk I guess.

Gorgug: Can you give people Bardic Inspiration?

Fig: I only have a couple left but I will give it out. I think I have two
left. So who's feeling weak and vulnerable? Fabian, I'm gonna give you one.

Fabian nods, unspeaking.

Siobhan: It's a Wisdom saving throw normally, am I making?

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: I have pretty high Wisdom.

Ally: I have high Wisdom as well.

Siobhan: Yeah, I have 6 Wisdom.

Fig: Okay Gorgug, take a little Bardic Inspiration, huh?

Gorgug: Thank you.

Murph: My Wisdom's only plus one.

Emily: Oh, I already gave it out, I'm sorry.

Murph: It's okay.

Emily: I have bad Wisdom too.

Murph: It's okay. We all have things we're bad at.

Siobhan: That's a lot of unwise decisions that have been made today.

Brennan: As you get put in the van, Fabian, you see that the Hangman comes up
and says,

Hangman: Sire, are you all right?

Fabian: No, Hangman. It's all bad.

Brennan: You see that the Hangman, the light in it dims a little bit. You hear
a (sighing) it backs up and (mortorcycle bumping into van sounds) drives into
the van and to the closest of your ability goes into the little aisle of van
seats next to you and tips itself over onto your side.

Fabian: Oh, it's very sweet of you.

Brennan: You see that Tracker looks over at you, Kristen and says,

Tracker: All right, well let's try to get back as soon as we can.

Brennan: Garthy looks over at Sandra Lynn, Sandra Lynn looks at Garthy,
there's a look shared with the rest of you.

Emily: (crosstalk) I don’t look at either of them.

Brennan: You guys all get back, you see, by the way, that when you get back,
Cathilda comes and tucks you in, gives you a little piece of kippers and
kisses you on the head.

Fabian: I don't deserve kippers.

Ally: Can I talk to everyone other than Fabian?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely. Cathilda kisses you on the head and says,

Cathilda: (pinching his cheek) My sweet boy, Master Fabian, it's not about
deserving kippers, it's not a test or a trial. I made them for you 'cause I
love you.

Fabian: (sounding on the verge of tears) You should give your kippers to
everyone else. They're just so delicious. I'd hate for them to be wasted on
me.

Brennan: She sighs, pats your shoulder and leaves you there to sleep and the
Hangman has come into your corner of the Gold Gardens suite as well.

Lou: White noise from the muffler—

Brennan imitates a stalling motorcycle engine.

Emily: Just getting so high on fumes.

Murph: I think I'm gonna go into Fabian's room.

Brennan: Cool, you go over to Fabian's room. Tracker seems super like hungover
and fucked up from all the revelry still. Give me an insight check, Kristen.

Ally: Sure. 10.

Brennan: Cool. But obviously you know Tracker well enough, you know that she
probably can't remember anything from last night, that she's like hungover.
She's like fucked up, basically. What did you want to say to everybody when
you got back?

Kristen: Oh yeah, you guys, do you think that we should hide Fabian if this
person is like really after him?

Gorgug: Well, he knew where he was earlier. Is Garthy here?

Brennan: Garthy is here standing with you to make sure everything's okay.

Fig: Gorgug, is there an invisibility shield or anything for this van?

Kristen: Well, I was thinking I could Banish Fabian 'cause then it puts you
unconsious, if you're native to the plane that I'm Banishing you from, you go
to a harmless demiplane where you're incapacitated. So he could—

Riz: I think it only lasts like a minute though.

Kristen: Oh okay yeah.

Gorgug: Garthy, I'll ask the van in a sec, but considering what's gone on, do
you think the Captain would try to come here? 'Cause it seemed like he was
hesitant to fight here earlier.

Garthy: Lovey, I don't think Captain James is liable to start anything here in
the Gold Gardens.

Fig: All right.

Garthy: I've taken great pains to ensure that at least here, amongst this home
I've made for me and mine, that no one's gonna try anything.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check on them?

Brennan: Sure, go for it.

Ally: Oh so close to a 20. Yeah, that's pretty high. I got a 22.

Brennan: They seem sad. They seem a little bit sad.

Ally: Can I tell why or? Which thing that they were saying seemed to make them
sad or was it something else?

Brennan: On a 22, let me roll a little Deception check here. They seem sad in
relation to both Tracker and Fig.

Ally: (looking faintly confused) Okay.

Brennan: Tracker goes to just collapse into sleep. Gilear, Sandra Lynn, the
rest do as well. Do any of you immediately go to sleep or do some of you like
shaking things off?

Emily: Can I,

Fig: Adaine, I have a private favor I need?

Adaine: I'll see what I can do.

Fig: I need you to tie me up. (laughs a little)

Adaine: You want me to tie you up? The person with minus two Strength?

Fig: Well I was gonna ask Riz but Riz left.

Adaine: I mean I'll do it.

Fig: I think the Nightmare King found a capable pawn in me and I just feel
like they're gonna come after me again.

Adaine: Why don't I set a Snare around you and if you move, then you have to
do a successful Intelligence or Dexterity saving throw? Or you’ll be hoisted
in the air.

Fig: That sounds good, in addition to tying me up.

Adaine: Well that basically is tying you up. I wrap you in a rope that, it's
just a magical trap.

Fig: Okay.

Adaine: So if you get up to leave—

Emily: Okay, yeah, that's what I do.

Siobhan: Great.

Emily: And I also avoid eye contact with my mom.

Brennan: As you are about to get tied up, Tracker's already out but before
you're tied up, Garthy O'Brien comes over to you and they look at you and say,

Garthy: (gently) I'm so sorry to bother you lovey, would you mind if I spoke
with you for a moment?

Fig: (uncomfortably) Absolutely. I don't know anything about my mom's personal
life and I actually can't really be sort of like a messenger for her. So I
don't know what the situation is. I don't know what she told you but I also
don't know either so—

Garthy: (sighs) Darling, I—

Fig: If you want to shoot your shot though, shoot your shot.

Garthy: No. Lovey, I doubt you're a worse messenger for your mother's personal
life than your mother, if you catch my meaning. Listen, I just wanted to do
this properly because I did not want to make you and your young friends
uncomfortable but my deepest desire, as always, is to make sure that everybody
that comes to the Gold Gardens has the best possible time that they can, yeah?
And I'm not one to apologize for enjoying myself or helping others enjoy
themselves, but if I've done anything to make you uncomfortable--

Fig: No, not at all. It has nothing to do with you. It just has to do with, I
just think my mom might've hurt someone's feelings and I'm feeling conflicted
about knowing that and what to do about that. Nothing to do with you though.
You, your hospitality was great. I'm gonna leave a five star Yelp.

Garthy: I don't know what that is but I do appreciate it. (frowning a little)
I also wanted to say that look, I'm a pirate, yeah, so I try not to be too
preachy or moralistic but also I'm descended from angels, yeah? So this kind
of comes with the territory. So I wanted to say that there's a plethora of
ways in which I enjoy getting down. I don't enjoy getting down when it
involves someone breaking a promise. And I hope you understand that anything I
did, I did in the confidence of a good faith that may not have been present.
Do you understand what I mean?

Fig: Yeah. I do, I do. (stilted) I'm sorry if you also got hurt by Sandra
Lynn's (clears throat, wiggles shoulders awkwardly) fun. Sorry, I'm really
awkward in this kind of situation. I've just been having a night.

Garthy: These are the types of events that force us to grow up, yeah, and it's
painful.

Fig: Yeah.

Garthy: I'm not hurt, lovey.

Fig: Okay.

Garthy: I have been through much worse many times and the only thing that
would've been a risk to me would've been to have such young enterprising
adventurers as yourself leave this place with a lower opinion of its humble
host.

Fig: No, right now, it's kind of just my opinion of my mom is oscillating
between “that's not my business” and “how could you do that to Jawbone?” Sorry
to put a name to—

Garthy: (a little startled) Jawbone O'Shaughnessy?

Fig: Yeah.

Garthy: (takes a breath, shakes their head) Life is complicated, I'll tell you
that right now! All right—

Ally: They know Jawbone?

Siobhan: Of course they know Jawbone.

Garthy: (breathes out loudly) Jawbone's been to Leviathan many times, lovey.
This is wild. I need to go sit down.

Fig: Yeah no, see, this though it could've just been a good situation, you
know, if she'd just shot a text—

Ally: Can I roll Insight to see if they've slept with Jawbone?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Emily: (nodding authoritatively) They definitely have.

Ally: Let me see. Oh, that's a 17.

Brennan: 100%.

Ally: (laughing a little) Yeah, okay great.

Brennan: You see they go,

Garthy: (sighs) That werewolf has some of the most insane stories I've ever
heard and I run a pirate brothel in a moving city.

Fig: Yeah, yeah. Yeah!

Garthy: All right, well that makes me feel even worse and—

Fig: Sorry, I shouldn't have given a name.

Garthy: Not at all. Listen, I'll be honest, I think that monogamy is a prison,
yeah, and that there is no version of that type of fidelity that is not
somehow based in ownership over bodies. But that being said, a promise is a
promise and Jawbone is someone very near and dear to my heart. So that makes
me feel even worse. Lovey, I know it's painful and awkward right now.

Fig: Yeah, skin's crawling, phew.

Garthy: I'll stop making you uncomfortable, lovey. Have a good night's rest.

Fig: No, no, it's not you. It's my mom. Anyways, I'm gonna go get tied up.

Garthy: What?

Emily: I leave.

(laughing)

Brennan: You leave. Cool, I am going to need Wisdom saving throws from
everybody.

Siobhan: Can I have Boggy give me help?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Ally: You have—

Murph: Oh, you gave me Protection from Good and Evil? How long does that last?

Ally: Ten minutes, dang.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: D8 is added to this with Bardic right?

Emily: Yeah, D8, yeah.

Murph: I got a 10.

Siobhan: I got a 24.

Lou: I got an 8.

Brennan: We’ll go around…

After rolling his Bardic Inspiration die, Zac slams the table and leans back,
groaning.

Ally: What is this, Wisdom?

Siobhan: (looking at Zac’s roll) Rough.

Emily: I got a 6.

Ally: Nat 20.

Siobhan: Kristen and I… have a beautiful night of sleep.

Murph: Congrats Kristen.

Lou: Plus 8 wisdom.

Ally: Plus 8 Wisdom, 28.

Emily: I knew it, I knew this was gonna happen.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Siobhan: Can I, because I only need four hours, can I go to sleep an hour
after everybody else?

Brennan: You actually can survive, because the Moon Haven lasts for eight
hours, so you can fully trance in that time.

Siobhan: Right, but everybody's going to sleep now. ..Oh, so it’s after—

Ally: So he's saying there's still four hours left.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, okay so great. So I will trance and then I will be awake for
the time when people are—

Brennan: Yes, exactly. Cool. What are the rolls we got again? We got?

Emily: 6.

Brennan: 6.

Zac: With Bardic Inspiration, 4.

Murph: (shakes his head, looking pained) Truly incredible.

Brennan: And you, you're good.

Siobhan: I got a 24 so—

Brennan: Yeah, you're fully, fully good.

Siobhan: Also I didn't need to roll.

Zac: Oh I guess with my modifier, 5.

Siobhan: Oh wait, they're rolling this after I wake up?

Brennan: Correct, yes.

Siobhan: Mmm, interesting. What does everybody, yeah okay, I'll hear what
everybody gets.

Brennan: You wake up. What did we roll on the die? (pointing at each person)

Murph: 10.

Brennan: 10.

Ally: 20.

Brennan: 20.

Lou: 6, plus Bardic, minus 1, 8.

Zac: On the actual dice, 2.

Brennan: 2.

Emily: 4, plus 2 which makes it a 6.

Siobhan: Okay, I'm gonna give Gorgug a nat 20,

Brennan, who has been reading something offcamera, snaps his head around to
stare at Siobhan when she says ‘nat 20’.

Siobhan: And I'm gonna give Fig a nat 20 because I rolled two nat 20s on my
divination roll.

Ally: Isn't that insane?

Brennan: (slowly) Holy shit.

Ally: Before the show started, she rolled two nat 20s for portent.

Brennan: Insane. Okay, double nat 20s. So Fabian rolls low.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: I roll, I mean, 10 is--

Brennan: And 10 is the full score you got?

Murph: Yes.

Siobhan: And I'm awake watching also what's happening. So I can--

Brennan: You're awake watching, fully watching things happening.

Murph: I'm grumbly, asleep in a chair in Fabian's room, just like standing
guard but like instantly falls asleep.

(laughing)

Emily: You're also tatted up.

Murph: Yeah, and I'm super tatted up, just a tiny bouncer falling asleep.

Ally: I bet it looks cool. A tiny bouncer. [sings] Hold me closer, tiny
bouncer~

(laughing)

Brennan: Cool, so there's a separate room with just Fabian, Riz and the
Hangman in it.

Siobhan: Oh no. Sorry.

Murph: After all this—

Zac: That's a tough room.

Murph: After all this Fabian just kills me.

Zac: Lot of tough energy in there.

Siobhan: Man, a lot of teen boy smells.

(Emily snickers)

Brennan: I'm gonna ask for you two to actually roll initiative for me if you'd
be so kind. We're not gonna go to a battle but we're just gonna roll
initiative just to see which of these things we do first.

Murph: 21.

Lou: 11.

Brennan: Cool, okay.

Emily: Fabian, throw out your dice. Throw them out.

Lou shakes his head.

Brennan: Adaine, as you're awake, you see Ragh get up sort of earlier than
other people and go,

Ragh: (yawning) Hey Adaine, I'm just gonna go get some food, I'm kind of
hungry, I'm having a hard time sleeping.

Adaine: Okay, are you good?

Ragh: Yeah, I'm good. I kind of feel stupid 'cause I ran through a lot of the
city and didn't get there and caught you guys—

Adaine: Yeah, no, no, we didn't get there either. Hey, you're awake right now,
right?

Ragh: Yeah.

Adaine: Who was your first kiss?

Ragh: Who was my first kiss?

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: Hold on one second. [sucks teeth] I'm going to need Adaine to roll
initiative.

Siobhan: (smiling) Damn it, 9?

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: These dice suck. These dice suck.

Brennan: What is your Dexterity modifier?

Siobhan: It's 3, oh modifier, plus 2.

Brennan: Plus 2, okay cool. We are gonna go to combat.

Siobhan: Rad.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: This is crazy. What a crazy day.

Siobhan: Adaine versus Ragh.

Lou: What have I done?

Murph: The Bad Kids’ no good very bad day

Emily: Would this wake us up though?

Brennan: Yes, for sure.

Ally: Well, did we get a full?

Emily: I don't think so, right?

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Ally: Sleep when you're dead which might be this episode.

The cast all laugh, but it’s strained. Lou’s laughter is particularly fake-
sounding. It’s followed by some nervous groans.

Brennan: 13 plus 14, Adaine, you take 27 points of damage as Ragh looks at you
and goes, [screeches] and rushes and gores you.

Siobhan: Shield?

Brennan: Ooh! That's gonna make your armor class 18?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Bypasses. Ragh muscles through the Shield and deals that damage.

Ally: And we're all awake now.

Siobhan: How much damage was that, 11?

Brennan: What's that?

Siobhan: How much damage was that?

Brennan: 27 points of damage.

Siobhan: Woof, okay.

Brennan: That is, everyone's gonna wake up. I'm gonna say that everyone wakes
up, everyone go ahead and roll initiative. Not you two (Fabian and Riz), just
Kristen and the rest.

Zac: With Feral Instinct, would I have woken up when he started attacking or?

Brennan: Potentially.

Emily: I got a 5.

Brennan: 5?

Zac: 12.

Brennan: 12.

Ally: 0.

Brennan: 0, okay.

Murph: (laughing quietly) Phew.

Brennan: I'm gonna have Adaine, you're going to go. The rest of the house
wakes up. Ragh is gonna get one last set of attacks and then it's not
necessary to run the rest of the combat because once you're all awake you will
easily be able to overpower Ragh as a group. But Adaine's gonna take an
action, then Ragh's gonna get one more round of attacks.

Ally: You got all your stuff back.

Siobhan: Yeah, I've got all my stuff back. He's not very wise is he? I cast
Tasha's Hideous Laughter on Ragh. It's a Wisdom saving throw.

Brennan: (rolls) You see Ragh goes (laughing evilly) and just starts billing
over the side.

Siobhan: And I yell,

Adaine: Ragh is possessed, he got Nightmare Kinged!

Brennan: Everyone rushes out to—

Emily: Wait a second, I'm tied up.

(laughing)

Siobhan: (giggling) You have to pass an Intelligence saving throw or Dexterity
saving throw, sorry.

Emily: Okay. 18?

Siobhan: My spell save is 15, so that passes.

Brennan: You escape the bonds. Not very good bonds I guess.

Fig: Okay, next time Adaine I’m gonna ask someone else

Adaine: Yeah, ask Gorgug, I’m—

Brennan: You see that bunch of people, Gorgug, you've already tackled Ragh,
everyone just starts attacking Ragh. Tracker has gone full werewolf. Yeah you
once again are underneath Ragh in the same position. (imitates holding Ragh in
a chokehold)

Gorgug: Chill.

Brennan: Chill. We're gonna go, we immediately leave combat as soon as we got
into it. And we're gonna go into the dreams of, actually, Fabian Aramais
Seacaster.

There’s a moment of silence. Lou looks down and to the side, shaking his head,
and Emily laughs at him.

Zac: Just miserable, look at him.

Brennan: What do you think Fabian's dream is about now?

Lou: (sighs) I mean I'm probably just appalled, I feel like it's just me, the
feeling of a beat crawling over my head by Astar's, what's his name?

Zac: Alistair.

Brennan: Alistair Ash.

Lou: Alistair's face before I jumped like over, and the man I liked the most
whose name I can't— Gumbry? (stutters)

Brennan: Chungle-Down Bim.

Lou: There it is. Sorry, I was too sad to remember any of their names.

Brennan: (staring straight into the camera) Chungle-Down Bim is spelled c-h-u-
n-g-l-e, dash, d-o-w-n, the word down, and then Bim, which is short for
Bimothy.

Lou: Just the feeling of, and yeah Chungle-Down Bim saying I'm not a pirate
and spitting on my face, just over and over again.

(dark, foreboding music is playing in the background)

Brennan: Fabian, you have a dream throughout all of this. You see fire
surrounding you. It's your burning home from the day that your father died.
But you also see that this home is on a blasted hellscape of Avernus, the
first pit of hell. And you see dead burning warlocks, these pirates gazing at
you as they walk out of your house into the plane, look at you, shake their
heads and say,

Warlocks: What will we tell the captain when we see him on his ship?

Brennan: And they march off into the fire. And you can feel the weight of your
father's head resting on his hand (facepalms) in the captain's quarters of his
ship. You hear a voice behind you say,

Voice: (Gilear’s accent) It's all going to be all right.

Brennan: And a soft, sort of papery, but like a little bit wet, hand touches
the back of your shoulder and says,

Voice: I know it seems so very far off but there is a way for you to be happy.

Fabian: Really?

Voice: Yes. Yes, absolutely.

Brennan: You experience the exact same feeling that Adaine experienced, which
is, you know if you look at this thing's face, something horrible is going to
happen to you. You see it says,

Voice: Come, I want to show you what I've been working on. Would you like some
yogurt?

Fabian: No, no I wouldn't.

Voice: No, trust me, you'll like it if you try it.

Fabian: I will?

Voice: Yes, yes, try some.

Brennan: And you see a delicious little cup of banana yogurt is handed over to
you.

Siobhan: Oh my God, don't eat things in hell.

Lou: Can I take the yogurt without looking at him?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: I take the yogurt.

Brennan: You take it. Eat a little spoonful, it's delicious, it's nice to not
have to use your teeth. You can just kind of suck it down.

Fabian: It's pleasant.

Voice: Yes, it is pleasant, isn't it? I want to show you what I've been
working on.

Brennan: And the form leads you, you can see out of the corner of your eye
that it's like there's a wisp of a combover and like a button up shirt, some
slacks. You go through the burning building and a door opens, and as you move
through the door, all of a sudden, you are in a beautiful place. (music
changes to jaunty, happy strings) There's sunny fields everywhere and you see
that there are, like a beautiful estate. There's a giant marble statue of Bill
Seacaster who's being revered, people are like taking pictures, there's
tourists with their Solisian cameras and you hear the voice say,

Voice: I built this place. It's a memorial to Captain Bill Seacaster. It's a
beautiful memory. It's my greatest achievement, the best thing I could've ever
done. This is how I find my self worth, is curating this place. This is my
life's work to build this memorial to the greatest pirate that ever lived.

Fabian: Well, job well done, the statue is gorgeous, really shows off all his
finest features.

Voice: Have some more yogurt. It is good.

Fabian: It is good. I'll have some more yogurt.

Brennan: It actually does make you feel really good to have this yogurt. It
goes down smooth, it's great. You walk through wing after wing of all of your
father's accomplishments. Give me a Perception check and an Insight check.

Lou: Perception check nat 1.

Murph breathes out loudly and pulls his shoulders to his ears in sad sympathy.

Emily: What?

Lou: Insight check 9.

Brennan: Cool. You walk through. So it takes a long time, and eventually you
realize that you start seeing a lot of pictures of Hallariel. You see Bill's
house. You see Seacaster Manor. You see all this stuff. You don't see any
pictures of you anywhere in here.

Fabian: Is there a reason you chose not to include any more family-oriented
photos or those sorts of things?

[ominous music]

Voice: Look at me.

Fabian: I can't.

Voice: You can.

Fabian: I shouldn't.

Voice: Look at me. I need you to look at me

Brennan: And you feel a slightly wet papery hand underneath your chin.

Voice: I need you to look at me now.

Fabian: I feel as if it wouldn't be--

Brennan: The yogurt curdles in your stomach and you feel yourself convulse and
you are spasming and losing control of your body. This kind of sad doughy
middle-aged yogurt-eating man pulls your chin until your face is an inch or
two away from his face. You look at a middle-aged Fabian who says,

Older Fabian: Why would I put pictures of myself here? I don't deserve them,
very cocky. Papa wouldn't like it at all. [creepy laughter]

Brennan: (claps) And you wake up, I'm gonna need you to give me a Stealth
check real quick.

Siobhan: Don't use my dice.

Ally: Don't use yeah, exactly, get a nat 1 now.

Siobhan: No! Oh, that's cocked.

Ally: That’s cocked.

Lou: Great. Stealth check 12.

Brennan: Okay. So you, actually roll that with advantage for me if you'd be so
kind 'cause you're in a separate room.

Lou: That is 15.

Brennan: 15, okay. You awaken in the middle of the ocean swimming (mimics
difficult breathing and swimming) as waves billow up around you in the
darkness. We are gonna cut from Fabian.

Lou puts his head on the table.

Emily: We're gonna fail. We're gonna fail school.

Zac: We're gonna die.

Siobhan: Yeah, and more importantly we're gonna fail school.

Ally: (to Siobhan) I healed you for 13.

Siobhan: Oh, thank you.

Brennan: Riz, (coughs) you awaken in your room in a state of like night
paralysis, like your body can't move. You look and see that the window has
been slid open in your room. Fabian is gone. The sword of the Seacasters has
been plunged through the engine of the Hangman and it is on its side leaking
oil onto the floor. You not only can't move but you feel a tremendous weight
on your chest. Materializing there, coiled up sitting on her haunches is a
black tabaxi woman. (coughing) She looks at you and says,

Kalina: (friendly) Hi Riz, how're you doing?

Murph: Can I speak?

Brennan: Mmhmm.

Riz: What did you do to Fabian?

Brennan: Your voice comes out in a croak, a whisper. You realize you couldn't
shout in the state that you're in. She looks at you and says,

Kalina: Oh, I can't take any credit for that. I didn't do anything to Fabian.
That was the boss.

Riz: You work for the Night King?

Kalina: Yeah, kid, I work for the Nightmare King, that's right. You have
grown. You're, I mean like the spitting image of your mother and your father,
a perfect combo of the two.

Riz: What, my parents trusted you. Why would you, what are you doing?

Kalina: What am I doing? You've said it, Riz, come on, I work for the
Nightmare King.

Riz: But why?

Kalina: Is that an honest question, why? He grants me unlimited power. All
that I am and all that I'm capable of doing he gave to me. Do you really not
understand why a person might do things that benefited them? I know that you
only do things to kind of distract yourself from how deeply sad you are that
your dad is gone, I get that. The maidens, and then you find the maidens, and
then it's onto the next thing and the conspiracy boar and you don't sleep and
you're digging, digging, digging. It's like when you were in that palimpsest.
You will dig until your own hands are bleeding because the second you slow
down, you will have to deal with the fact that he's not coming home. Sorry,
bud. So we got to talk about you and your friends coming for this crown
because that's gonna be a no go from us.

Riz: What do you...?

Kalina: What do I want?

Riz: Yes.

Kalina: I just said it, pack it in and go home. This one's not you, chief.
Now, I know that I'm talking to the most obstinate one in the group, I do get
that for sure. And I'll admit, I've been having a hard time breaking through
whatever these little runes are but you guys seemed to have fucked up badly
enough so whatever spell was keeping me out wore off and now we're back here.

Riz: So it's not the Nightmare King, it's you that's, you can come into our
dreams?

Kalina: Are you dreaming right now? You want to pinch yourself? Oh, you can't,
you're paralyzed, I'm sorry. Well, I just want to see if we can talk reason.
You guys want to get this crown back, that can't happen. Where do we find
compromise here? 'Cause they're restraining your buddy Ragh out there and
while they're doing that, Fabian slipped out the window. So I would say cut
your losses at one dead friend. That would be me. But we can go for more if
you want.

Murph: All right, so I'm paralyzed, right?

Brennan: Mmhmm.

Murph: Is my Sword of Shadows near me?

Brennan: Let's roll a luck check, okay? You're very paranoid, so I'm gonna say
that on an 11 or higher, it is literally in the bed with you while you sleep.
We'll say that on a 6 through 10, it is like two or three feet away resting on
the side of the bed. If it's a 1 through 5, it's gonna be farther away than
that, like elsewhere in the room. Go ahead and give me a D20 roll.

Murph: 15.

Brennan: Cool, it's in the bed with you.

Murph: I think I just try to crane my head to look intimidating or confident
and I say,

Riz: How 'bout no dead friends?

Murph: And then I want to use my Sword of Shadows to Misty Step out the window
to try to find Fabian.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: (concerned) You're gonna Misty Step into the water paralyzed.

Brennan: You step out, you take 10 points of falling damage.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: You clatter to the ground and you like, your arms are paralyzed so
when you hit, something breaks as you hit at an odd angle. Without seeing her
move, Kalina walked out of a little alleyway and you're in the campus of the
Gold Gardens right now. She looks out and says,

Kalina: Ah, bud, yeah he's been gone, I'm sorry. I should've given you a
timeline on that, that's my mistake. (sighs) So we definitely clocked some
kind of eye contact when you were about to get sacrificed right?

Riz: Yeah.

Kalina: You seem like a guy that likes information. Is there any kind of
information I can offer you?

Riz: What do you want in return?

Kalina: Buddy, we're just talking right now. I'm trying to help you see
reason.

Riz: I want to know where the crown is. I want to know where Fabian is. I want
to know why people are coming for us in our sleep.

Kalina: Why do you assume I know where the crown is?

[ominous music]

Riz: (blows air into his cheek, nods a bit) You don't know where the crown is.
Oh boy.

Kalina: That's not what I said. I asked why do you think I know where the
crown is? I would correct you, but I don't think you're gonna believe me.

Riz: I think I know where the crown is, and you have handily defeated me even
after I said my cool one-liner. So I assume you also figured it out.

Brennan: You see she looks at you and says,

Kalina: What do you see happening from here? Because I do want to get this
sorted out but I am, look, (holds hands up) I think you can see I have no
tricks up my sleeve, right? I'm not doing anything, I'm not casting any spells
on you, I'm not murdering you right here on the ground, right? I want this to
be resolved amicably. The issue that I'm feeling right now is I want to know
what needs to happen for you guys to give this up. And if you don't give it
up, then I just guess I want to say this is gonna get so much worse.

Riz: (shaking his head) We can't give it up.

Kalina: What, you can't take an F? You can't repeat the year? (scoffs) Buddy,
what are you talking about?

Riz: We can't give it up because it would be wrong.

Kalina: (low voice) It would be wrong? Well okay. Well what's right about you
and all your friends dying? Seems like Arthur Aguefort's got everything
figured out. He's got a bunch of kids going out there and putting themselves
in harm's way, getting their lives taken and for what? What do you care what
happens in Sylvaire, the forest of the Nightmare King?

Riz: It's not gonna end there. If we don't stop this, then you'll do this to
the next adventuring party that comes after you.

Kalina: Well, you seem pretty set in your ways. Do you know who I am?

Riz: I know that you worked with my father.

Kalina: Pok Gukgak, was a good man.

Riz: What went wrong between you two?

Kalina: (widens her eyes a bit) Nothing went wrong between us. How 'bout this?
Let's do a little information swap. You ask me a question about your dad, you
answer a question of mine?

Riz: (long pause) I don't think now is the time to get nostalgic. I want to
know that my friends are okay. My father's already gone. If you want
information, you have to, I would need to know that they were safe.

Kalina: Know that who was safe?

Riz doesn’t answer.

Kalina: You want me to help your friend Fabian out? I can make sure he doesn't
die, it's not too late. But I'm gonna need everything. I'm gonna need
everything you know.

[dark piano music]

Riz: (bites his lip) All right.

Kalina: What do you know?

Riz: How do I know that if I tell you what I know that you can help me?

Kalina: You don't.

Riz: I'll tell you where I think the crown is going. You bring Fabian here.
Once Fabian's here, I'll tell you who I think has it.

Kalina: Kid, I don't need to know where the crown is going. I want to know
what you know about me.

Brennan: And you see that her eyes narrow into these two twin slits as she
looks at you.

Riz: I know that you're working with demons.

Kalina nods.

Riz: I know that you worked with my father at one time. I know that you're
trying to… (hesitantly) sacrifice people to make something come about?

Kalina: All right. That everything?

Murph: Out of character, do I know anything else?

Siobhan: It was a dream.

Brennan: You know about the glass in the hang, the photograph, you know that
she was seen the night that the crown was taken, that Ragh saw her. You know
the um, you know that Ragh saw her, you know about Adaine's mom talking with
Porter and all that stuff as well.

Murph: I guess I share, yeah I guess I share everything, I guess I share
everything I know. I think I'm in a pretty bad position here.

Brennan: Cool. You see Fabian out in the void, go ahead and give me three
constitution saving throws real quick.

Lou: Nat 20.

Ally: Hey!

Lou: (calmly) Nat 20.

Ally: Whoa!

Lou: And a 10.

Brennan: Cool. You see, you manage to swim and swim and swim for your life.
And you see that as you begin to go under for the first round, you feel that
you are lifted up and feel the flapping of horrible dark wings. It's like too
dark for you to see. Do you have darkvision or no?

Lou: I do.

Brennan: These like horrible imp-like things are like bearing you aloft
towards Leviathan and just drop you in like a slum of the city at the edge.
What do you say specifically about the night that, about the stuff on the
night that the crown was taken from the school? What information do you give?

Murph: I think I don't mention Adaine's mom. I just say that it was the night
of prom. I give all the information except Adaine's mom.

Brennan: All the information, so--

Murph: That we were there, that we knew the crown was there, did the fight
during prom night, it disappeared.

Brennan: Would you say the part about Ragh saw Jace talking with Adaine's mom,
that you leave out? Do you do the part later where Ragh was talking with
Porter and Jace and then saw Kalina.

Murph: I think I try to not bring other people into it.

Brennan: I'm going to ask right now, I'm gonna roll this and tell you the
number that you have to beat.

Brennan: Okay. You have to beat a 13 on a Deception check. Kalina rolled very
low.

Murph: I don't have very good Deception.

Brennan: What do you have to roll?

Murph: I have to roll a 12.

Brennan: 12 or higher. Let's see it.

Zac: (nodding) You got it.

Murph: (slams table) That's a 2.

Brennan: (rubbing his hands together) That's a 2.

Ally: (shaking their head) I need a drink.

Emily: (laughing) I do.

Brennan: You try not to bring other people into it. You have one momentary
slip-up where it's not that you, you don't fuck up so badly that you like say
Ragh's name or anything but you just mention like a, something like on the
lines of like a student saw you and her eyes narrow flicker again, those are
like side eyelids, she goes,

Kalina: A student saw me? Wow, okay. Well, Fabian's alive, he's at the edge of
the city. If you want to run, (smiling) little goblin around and find him you
can do that. I appreciate this. Don't keep looking for the crown or we are
going to kill every last one of you. But you do have some time to talk it over
because I'm gonna head out and kill Lydia Barkrock. So take care.

Brennan: (whoosh) She vanishes.

Murph: I run back into the room to tell you guys what just happened.

Zac: Is Garthy here?

Brennan: You can go find Garthy but Fabian's also missing.

Ally: Is Ragh in the room when you told us?

Brennan: You see Ragh just like, so Tracker has dispelled the Dominate Person
on Ragh. Ragh is fine again. You see that Ragh runs out of the room just kind
of like shout, he just looks like totally distraught, runs out of the room and
you see that you guys go try to find Garthy?

Fig: We need to call people back in.

Riz: I'm gonna call—

Adaine: We don't have any way to do that.

Riz: I'm gonna call my mom and tell her—

Zac: Let's just try, is Garthy here? Can they send a spell or like?

Brennan: Hold on a second.

In the background, a police siren goes off. Ally says something about it, and
Zac mimics the noise and laughs.

Brennan: You see that, Garthy looks and says,

Garthy: Darlings, I'm so sorry, I don't have any sort of Sending or anything
like that but it's possible, if you're a proficient wizard, Adaine, there are
Sending spells in the li— I mean, Leviathan is on the move all the time. If
you don't have one, there might be one in the library up in Crow's Keep.

Adaine: Yeah, I'll go, yeah.

Brennan: You see that a moment later Ragh comes back and is just weeping and
you see Ragh looks at all of you and says,

Ragh: (sniffing) She's dead. I just got a call on my crystal, she's dead.

Gorgug: You got a call on your crystal?

Ragh: Yeah.

Adaine: Our crystals aren't working here.

Ragh: No, I have bar, no, (staring at his phone) I can make a call.

Brennan: You see that he holds up, calls someone, rears back, he says,

Ragh: Someone's just laughing at me on the other line.

Brennan: You guys look at his—

Murph: Yeah, can I do an Insight check?

Brennan: You look at it, Riz, and you see that, Garthy comes out, by the way,
they're also here. So all of you are just like out. You've had a rough night.
You for a second see a flickering of like five bars on Ragh's crystal and a
call from what looks like a family caretaker number, like some sort of like
hospice service and it flickers for a second and is gone. Sandra Lynn also
looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: (pointing) I saw it too.

Brennan: You see Tracker looks up and says,

Tracker: I saw a flicker of something on it too.

Gorgug: Wait, so only the people who can see Shadow Cats can see the—

Brennan: Tracker just saw it too.

Gorgug: Tracker, can someone, does anyone have the picture?

Adaine: Do you have the picture?

Murph: Hold up the picture to.

Tracker: (alarmed) I can see her now.

Riz: What happened, what changed?

Gorgug: Did you see her tonight?

Fig: Did you see her tonight?

Tracker: No, I've never seen, (puts hands up to her temples) that's so creepy.

Zac: Earlier today, didn't Garthy regard Fig and Tracker with some kind of
sadness?

Brennan: They did. Garthy looks at it and says,

Garthy: Oh, I don't care for that one bit, darling.

Ally: Oh now Garthy sees it?

Garthy: That bloody cat is in that photograph.

Gorgug: What cat? Do you know who that cat is?

Garthy: I've never seen that woman before in me life.

Adaine: But didn't we show Garthy the photograph before?

Garthy: You did and it wasn't there.

Fig: Have you had any strange dreams?

Garthy: No, not as I can remember.

Ally: Can I do an insight check on Sandra Lynn?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Ally: Yeah that's like 26.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks confused and looking around just like what the fuck
is going on? Two people that didn't used to be able to see the Shadow Cat in
the photograph can now see—

Kristen: Can I talk to you really quick?

Adaine: Yeah, yeah.

Kristen: Can you cast Dispel Magic on Sandra Lynn?

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: Didn't we try that before?

Adaine: Not on Sandra Lynn.

Kristen: Something's up with her. Something's different and weird and now
everyone she's been in contact with--

Adaine: Yeah okay.

Fig: She's very suggestible right now.

Brennan: We're gonna cut over, Fabian, what do you do when you get back to
land?

Lou: So I just get dropped off by a couple of imps on the? Am I wearing my
Owlbears jersey?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: I rip it off. And I take off the eye patch and pocket it and I just
slowly start to walk.

Brennan: Just with a messed-up scar, just walking without a coat in the
freezing, go ahead and give me one last constitution check.

Siobhan: Fabian's no good very bad day.

Lou: (calmly) Nat 1.

Ally puts their face in their hands.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Murph: Good lord.

Emily: What?

Brennan: You contract pneumonia and can feel yourself shivering as you just
stumble through the streets of Leviathan. The sun—

Lou: (laughing disbelievingly) I have pneumonia, just pneumonia. I have the
pneumonia condition?

Brennan: I'm gonna say that you are just shaking with fever, sick, you vomit a
couple times. You walk through this--

Emily: Is there any banana yogurt in his vomit?

Brennan: There's no banana yogurt. No banana yogurt.

Lou: Yeah, I check my— I just get in there hands and all.

Brennan: But you see, yeah, Garthy looks at the photograph, is very troubled,
Tracker's very troubled as well. You see that Tracker is like,

Tracker: Okay, Riz, wait, where's Fabian?

Brennan: You see Ragh just went,

Ragh: (in tears) Is my mom dead or not?

Riz: I think your mom's in trouble but I think we were just tricked. I think
that was the Shadow Cat calling.

Fig: If you get bars on your cell phone though, try to call home.

Brennan: You see Garthy looks and says,

Garthy: Lovey, listen, I'm going to write a note for you. You're gonna go to
the woman who is in charge of the Compass Points Library in Crow's Keep, okay?

Adaine: Mmhmm.

Garthy: I'm gonna give you a note. She's gonna get you a spell, all right?

Adaine: Yep.

Garthy: Okay, lovey.

Siobhan: I go there now. Can I take Gorgug with me?

Zac: I can go.

Brennan: Cool.

Riz: Yeah and you guys can also call my mom. She could have the police there
or something to make sure that—

Gorgug: Let's call Aguefort.

Adaine: Yeah whatever, I don't know how the spell works. I don't know how the
spell works. I just need to go and it takes two hours per level to learn it.

Emily: Have I had a night's sleep? Have I had a night's sleep? Do I have my
Bardic Inspiration back?

Brennan: Yes, you do.

Emily: Bardic Inspiration. (to Adaine)

Siobhan: Thank you.

Brennan: You guys get, the time it takes you to get your gear together, do all
your shit, Cathilda by the way is gone and a moment later you see that as
you're stumbling through Cathilda appears at your side, throws a blanket over
you and begins to walk with you back through. As you guys are heading on your
way, Fabian, you come with Cathilda and see the Hangman strapped to the top of
the van with the Sword of the Seacasters in it. And Cathilda just takes you,
shoves you bodily in the van, and puts a hot water bottle, opens the hood,
takes out a hot water bottle from the engine block, puts it on your head.

Ally: I think I have my arm around Ragh.

Brennan: Just shaking,

Ragh: (quick, strained breathing, through tears) Thanks.

Brennan: Riz, Garthy cures your paralysis, by the way, the second they find
you and you guys all in the early dawn light begin to head towards Crow's Keep
and this library. You have a small note that you haven't looked at yet but
Garthy waves goodbye to you at the edge of the Gold Gardens. And you have this
little note that you haven't looked at yet.

Siobhan: Can I look at this note?

Brennan: You see it says, “Please bring this individual with safe passage and
a favor owed to Garthy O'Brien to the librarian of the compass points, one
Ayda Aguefort.”

This gets a variety of startled and confused reactions from the cast. Siobhan
looks perturbed and Lou shakes his head.

Zac: (whispering) Ayda Aguefort.

Brennan: You begin to head off to the Crow's Keep again in the early dawn
light.

Ally: Are they with us?

Brennan: Garthy? No. Garthy stays at the Gold Gardens. They're not gonna go
with you. Garthy does not like to leave the Gold Gardens. You begin to head
off. You've got an arm around Ragh. Sandra Lynn looks at you and puts a hand
around you.

Fig: Mom, are you okay?

Brennan: Bursts into tears, starts walking next to you and is like,

Sandra Lynn: (strained) I don't know, kiddo.

Fig: Are you under a spell or is this maybe just a mistake on your part?

Brennan: When you see that you pivot to talking about that, you see that she
like steels up her back and goes like,

Sandra Lynn: I… I'm a fuck up. Let's worry about Ragh and Fabian right now.

Fig: I absolutely understand. I only had to ask because I didn't know if you
were under some sort of spell and if you were, then we would need to get that
sorted out.

Sandra Lynn: (shaking her head) I wish I had that excuse.

Brennan: You guys head off.

Siobhan: I somberly Razor scoot.

Brennan: Somberly Razor Scoot. This like bedraggled war torn group of
adventurers and Adaine in the lead on wooden planks going, ratatattata,
ratattata.

Adaine rides her Razor scooter over the bumpy ground, shaking violently.

Brennan: That's all for this week in Dimension 20.

Ally: Oh my God.

Murph has his glasses off and is rubbing his eyes.

Murph: What a twist. What a—

(various groans)

Brennan: (clearly knowing what he did) What did I do? We'll see you guys next
time. Tune in next week. Woo!

Siobhan: Don't divide the bounty.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 7: The Friendship
Section](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSSfLbfk1_LK9uqtXaY46NGToqevmqkdIZiN1SbZOVpkN1XFo0duIwTKS4-Gs83A5N8l0pw2LQUQNmD/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650524201865&usg=AOvVaw18GHryoqvhXqze8CokOrYU)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: gluegunshots

Edited by: gluegunshots, tevildo, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjow-9MEvXChlr5VaeI_8sRX3x5HC-
xcaUFRnfvzaFAB0j2761gjluf8xirfzXa3emDf_fZpsMA9O3zIls9Y:0)

Episode 7: The Friendship Section

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 7: The Friendship Section

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTdVBdla2S1RIMMF8aqLMkpceXPczzz2tqplAtkoDeyo9-xZHZPzEVVs8IBi4zqdiq-
yaoL9MCLT282/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650527398581&usg=AOvVaw2YGqBJQaCFefv5L3EkQYNZ)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTLy_Gp6_tXtMV8pzl0YiIHzd1TXBvOJq9zY9C7g5w4hbzbr8cXzU2gKDT8S0UL8KQJiwxcRvPSX_Oz/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650527399213&usg=AOvVaw2Az49iamZ8W1KRFgtJmOQg)]
>

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to "Dimension 20 Live"! I'm your humble
Dungeon Master Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me, as always, are our intrepid
heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh, shucks, gang. Dare I even say it, last we left off.

Zac: Don't say it, don't say it.

Emily: I don't think we need a recap this week.

Lou: Yeah, don't you have DOLLARDEAL to talk about?

Brennan: Oh okay, oh, let's talk about the DOLLARDEAL, that's a great point.

Lou: Let's talk about anything else.

Brennan: Guys, first of all, thank you for coming, and we're CollegeHumor and
Dropout's actual play D&D show where we get together with a bunch of funny
folks from CollegeHumor, we play some Dungeons & Dragons, this is the
continued adventures of the Bad Kids, a group of high school teen adventurers
from an adventuring academy in the world of Spyre.

Now, a couple things about that, number one, if you like actual play stuff,
you should check out Dimension 20. We're running for one more week an
exclusive deal where you can get your entire first month of Dropout for a
single dollar.

Siobhan: What?

Brennan: The DOLLARDEAL.

Siobhan: That's so cheap.

Brennan: That's so cheap! We have dozens of hours of content that you could
binge for a single buckaroo.

Emily: Less than a Snickers bar.

Brennan: Less than a Snickers bar! And then you could abscond into the
wilderness of the Internet, having paid your single dollar, gotten your views,
and say ta-ta. So check out the DOLLARDEAL over on Dropout. Also, we are
unofficially, meaning that only you guys watching the live show right now get
to know about this very unofficial, very chic, very cool, very hip, extending
our Cyber Monday merch deal, 30% off everything in the Dropout store with the
code SAVEBIG. Ooh, SAVEBIG.

Zac: You're saying it like it is a character.

Siobhan: Yeah, you have to do it, type it lower.

Brennan: SAVEBIG.

Lou: S-A-A-A-V.

Zac: One of Brennan's iconic characters.

Brennan: SAVEBIG. Bunch of awesome murph: merch, you can get a bunch of
awesome Murph.

Murph: Hi.

Brennan: You can get a bunch of awesome merch that way, which is very, very
exciting. We got a bunch of this cool "Unsleeping City" stuff, there's
"Fantasy High" stuff, you gotta go check it out, we got all kinds of cool new
stuff, and for other Dropout shows as well.

And finally, if you're watching this Twitch Live thing and you're like, "I
don't know about this Dropout stuff, my friend made me watch this, they said I
had to or we couldn't be friends anymore." First of all, talk to your friend
about communicating more gently, and second of all, you can go see the entire
first season of this show, "Fantasy High" for free over on the

"Dimension 20" YouTube channel. We got a YouTube channel, you can go and
subscribe to that, and you can see a bunch of Adventuring Academy podcasts
where we're running games, you can watch season one of "Fantasy High" where we
meet the Bad Kids originally.

Enough about that, let's get back to the recap. Last we left off, oh boy.

Siobhan: What happened last week?

[everyone groaning]

Lou sits very low in his seat, crossing his arms unhappily. He keeps doing
this for the next five minutes or so.

Siobhan: I think we had a great episode.

Brennan: Last we left off. (chuckles)

Siobhan: I definitely haven't used my portent rolls.

Brennan: You see, you see, gang, the Bad Kids are a group of adventurers from
the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, you can see it right here. The preeminent
high school for heroes in all of Spyre. And their spring break is being spent
doing their sophomore year project for 60% of their grade, which is retrieving
the crown of the Nightmare King. That quest has brought them to the pirate
city of Leviathan where they've met certain allies, such as Garthy O'Brien,
the half-orc aasimar, and tender of the Gold Gardens, and they also have met
some enemies, including Captain James Whitclaw of the Crimson Claw, the
illithid pirate, an old rival of Fabian's father Bill Seacaster. While our
intrepid heroes, most of our intrepid heroes, were busy uncovering a little
mystery of potential infidelity on behalf of one of their hirelings and Fig's
mom Sandra Lynn. Fabian got up on his own and was having a feast with the
followers of his dad, warlocks of the multi-level marketing cult of Bill
Seacaster, a bunch of broke warlocks that are now almost all dead. (laughs)

Siobhan: You okay there Lou?

Lou: No.

Brennan: Through deeply in-character choices, we-

Lou: Thank you.

Brennan: -we ended up seeing Fabian Aramais Seacaster bloody and suspended
from ropes at the bottom of Crow's Keep after having been cursed by
Chungledown Bim, and abandoning young Alistair Ash to the clutches of Captain
Whitclaw. We also later saw some horrifying dreams of the souls of those
warlocks going to hell. And we had some fun with Fig impersonating Jamina Joy
as her and Gorgug rocketed at close to 200 miles an hour—

Zac: Another deeply in-character-

Brennan: (laughing) -in-character choice.

Emily: I thought that was solid. I stand by that decision.

Lou: It's incredible.

Emily: -had I rolled quickly, I think. (laughs)

Brennan: Absolutely. And finally, we ended with some really troubling news.
Fabian ended up in the ocean after failing some Wisdom saving throws, because
the Sleep had been interrupted, the moon haven did not last long enough to
cover everybody. Murph, as Riz, had a terrifying encounter with Kalina, the
Shadow Cat, who eventually pulls information from Riz concerning the fact that
Ragh Barkrock had spilled the beans about being able to see her. She
threatened to kill Lydia Barkrock, Ragh's mother, back in Spyre, and our
intrepid heroes headed out the next morning, having recovered Fabian from the
sea, to head to Crow's Keep with a note from Garthy O'Brien to find their
friend, a woman named Ayda Aguefort, in the library of the Compass Points in
Crow's Keep. You guys have suffered some pretty harrowing defeats.

It is a new day, as Baxter, the Hangvan, and the party trundle off towards
Crow's Keep. With that being said, are there any questions about anything that
I did not cover from last session?

Murph: Is the Hangman dead? It's got like a--

Emily: Yeah, is the Hangman dead?

Brennan: The Hangman is on top of the van, sword of the Seacasters through the
engine block with oil spilling out. (laughs)

Emily: So is it dead?

Murph: Do we find Fabian?

Lou: I'm in the car with pneumonia.

Brennan: With pneumonia, yeah, that's correct.

Gorgug: Listen, guys, (laughs),

Zac: Or do we, have we started?

(adventurous music)

Brennan: So, a new day dawns over the wide city of Leviathan. Mist and fog
rise up from the city's edge as the smell of rotting wood, Pirate's Grog, and
the brine of the sea air wash over you. You hear the cawing of gulls and the
creaking of the many decks as you wend your way in the early morning light to
one of the many pulleys and rigs that will take your large cargo, the van and
everything else, up to the raised platform village of Crow's Keep, high above
the rest of Leviathan. Looking up at the Crow's Keep in the morning air, you
guys spy something like dark smoke curling from a corner of the Crow's Keep as
you make your way there. Does anyone else have any questions or what do you
guys do as you approach?

Murph: I guess, can we do--

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: Do you guys, I guess first off, let's do a Perception check, see if we
could see what the smoke is, and if not, I can sneak off. Good Stealth.

Ally: 10.

Murph: Nat 20 on a Perception check.

Emily: Ooh.

Brennan: A single, a small plume of smoke as a single building burns in the
Crow's Keep. With nat 20, you know it is not the Compass Points library, so
your destination is safe.

Ally: But a building was burned down.

Fig: I'd go check it out.

Brennan: It looks like a building was burned down.

Fabian: Nobody needs to check it out.

(Ally chuckles)

Fig: All right, all right.

Gorgug: Fabian, I can't see you down there.

Fabian: (sighs, sits up) Nobody needs to go check out the building. I was
there, I'm the reason there's a fire there.

(energetic music)

Adaine: Are you gonna put your eye patch back on?

Fabian: No.

Adaine: Okay.

Kristen: Well.

Adaine: Do you wanna hold Boggy?

Kristen: You know, I feel like we need to clear the air on this, okay.

Siobhan: I give Fabian Boggy.

Kristen: Fabian, you made a bad choice, and then something bad happened to you
that you couldn't control. Although, technically, we did have the moonstone
set up for a full night's sleep, so yeah, it was actually way your fault that
none of us could-

Adaine: Here is my question.

Kristen: Sorry.

Adaine: (to Riz) Why aren't you having nightmares?

Gorgug: You don't go to sleep, right?

Kristen: Me?

Adaine: No, Riz has nightmares, Riz goes to sleep.

Riz: Yeah, I've been attacked several times in the night.

Adaine: But you haven't had nightmares.

Riz: In a way, my life is a nightmare.

Adaine: Relatable.

Riz: But I haven't had actual nightmares, that's true.

Fig: Have you had any dreams?

Riz: No, I got grabbed by a mirror monster one night, and then the other
night-

Fig: You weren't trying to sleep in.

Adaine: You were asleep and then Kalina--

Gorgug: Was he asleep when Kalina grabbed?

Riz: I just woke up and I was paralyzed.

Fig: I wonder if there's some reason that she protects you.

Riz: I don't know, she seemed pretty obviously concerned that Ragh had seen
her, and she knows that I know she exists. Seems like she doesn't want anybody
to know that.

Gorgug: And then Garthy didn't see her and then saw her, and same with-

Riz: Right.

Adaine: Right.

Gorgug: With Tracker.

Riz: Is it possible that she's masquerading as someone else or something?

Adaine: Or maybe if she finds out.

Riz: 'Cause like why would Garthy have—

Siobhan: But you've always been able to see her.

Riz: I've always been able to see her but she was my dad's partner at one
point, so I'd seen her before.

Kristen: Interesting.

Riz: It seems like you have to have seen her before.

Kristen: But Tracker, who have you seen that we haven't? Have you been off on
your own? I don't think so, right?

Adaine: No.

Tracker: No, I haven't been off on my own at all.

Kristen: Weird.

Riz: And you haven't had any dreams with the Shadow Cat, right?

Tracker: No, I haven't had any, like, even when we first started, I didn't
have any really weird dreams other than normal. I have intense dreams, but
that's because of my condition more than anything else.

Fig: Right.

Kristen: Yeah, totally. Huh.

Adaine: Weird.

Kristen: Okay.

Riz: All right, well, we better get the word out to Ragh's mom. Make sure
she's okay.

Adaine: Yeah, let's go to the library so we can get this spell.

Brennan: Lovely. You guys ascend up to the Crow's Keep. You begin to approach
the Compass Points library. Huge emblems of like a massive bronze sextant
govern the entrance to the library.

Siobhan: (quietly) Nice.

Brennan: And you see giant sort of golden towers and they all are sort of made
of wood. You'll see that there is a collection of just figureheads from
various ships that cover this place almost like a cathedral but spars and
splinters of the ships that they were taken from still extend past from the
figureheads, so it's this strange, almost like a Library of Alexandria, a
place of cultural significance and wonders, but splintered and fractured
because all of it had to be fought for, protected from the drunken
deprivations of pirates that might not have as active an interest in the
preservation of their own pirate culture.

Emily: But also, are these books in here all stolen?

Brennan: Extremely so.

Emily: All right, it is my kinda library.

(Ally laughs)

Emily: I sign up for a card.

Brennan: You go to the front desk as you guys approach this place, and you see
that there is an ancient long gray-bearded, hunched over pirate who has like a
thick sash spellbook in front of him. Long rings on his spindly fingers.
Little sort of tricorner hat. (grouches)

Adaine: Ahoy.

Pirate Librarian: (weak, old-sounding, strained) Ahoy, welcome to the library
of the Compass Points.

Ally: I feel like there aren't a lot of spellcasters like, can I do an Insight
check to see if he's also, like Fabian's dad is giving him spells?

Brennan: Sure.

(dice clatter)

Ally: Ooh, oh, goddamn it, 11.

Brennan: Uh, you would clock this guy actually at first as a wizard, you see
that he has a sort of holster at his side, which is chained and buckled, and
it looks too chained up to be able to access it easily, and it is a massive
tome that has a giant Jolly Roger on it, and written in scratched red ink on
the surface of the leather-bound book, it says, "Here be pirate spells." So
you guess he's probably a wizard.

Fig: Can I rent that book?

Pirate Librarian Wizard: What, this book is not a part of the library's
general stock. This is my personal book.

Adaine: Can I rent that book?

Pirate Wizard: My book of pirate spells?

Adaine: Please? May I?

Pirate Wizard: Why?

Gorgug: Is it making you sad that we're asking?

Kristen: You are a whisper of a man.

(all laugh)

Fig: (laughs) A faint idea.

Adaine: In our culture, that's a compliment.

Pirate Wizard: Many of the spells have taken a hefty toll on my constitution.
There are spells within here, there are spells that only the most powerful
pirate wizards can conjure. There's a spell to turn bananas into gold coins.

Fig: Huh, I'm not interested in that.

Pirate Wizard: There are spells—

Gorgug: It's pretty cool.

Pirate Wizard: to turn—

Kristen: I think bananas are pretty important on the sea, right?

Pirate Wizard: Well.

Adaine: Yeah, it's a good source of vitamin C and potassium.

Gorgug: Does it go the other way?

Pirate Wizard: Well.

Gorgug: Could you turn gold coins into bananas?

Pirate Wizard: That knowledge has been lost. But there are spells to turn
parrots into bananas.

Gorgug: Okay, so if you had a bunch of parrots and you wanted gold coins, you
could turn them into bananas and then into gold.

Fig: (crosstalk) A two-fold process.

Pirate Wizard: (a little more energetic) A bunch of transmutative properties
do make it rather taxing, so let's say that I wanted to have a single gold
coin but I had to start with parrots, I would probably need about 50 parrots.

Gorgug: So 50 parrots turn into 25-

Pirate Wizard: Turn into 10 bananas.

Gorgug: 10 bananas.

Fig: And 10 bananas turn into one gold.

Pirate Wizard: You're correct.

Gorgug: Wow.

Adaine: How many parrots have you eaten?

Fig: I just feel like an honest day's work will get you more gold.

Pirate Wizard: What?

Adaine: Yeah.

Pirate Wizard: Wait, how many parrots have I eaten?

Adaine: Are we looking for Ayda Aguefort?

Pirate Wizard: Well, one time, I turned a community of parrots into a bunch of
bananas, and there were about eight bananas in the bunch, so you can assume
eight times five is 40, so I've eaten about 40 parrots.

Gorgug: And what about the gold—

Pirate Wizard: So I ate 42 parrots, there were another two occasions where I
just ate a parrot the normal way.

Fig and Adaine: What's the normal way?

Gorgug: You cook a parrot.

Riz: Just pop in a parrot, yeah.

Kristen: So we are looking for Ayda Aguefort.

Pirate Wizard: (screaming briefly) Ah, the mistress of the library.

Kristen: Yes.

Adaine: Yes.

Pirate Wizard: She is the quartermaster of the knowledge of Leviathan. The
pirates are not a scholarly bunch.

Adaine: Except for you.

Pirate Wizard: Except for we, the few who maintain the Compass Points, the
charts of the stars and the maps of the sea and its currents. We who know the
comings and goings of Leviathan. Would you like to sign up for a library card?

Adaine: Yes, please.

Fig: I actually would, yeah.

Kristen: I would, too, actually, yeah.

Pirate Wizard: Wonderful.

Kristen: We're looking for books on religion, anything but Helio at this
point, I feel like I've got that covered.

Pirate Wizard: Well, very well, we will be happy to instruct you onto some
religious texts or manuals. And after this way of sign you up, it costs
nothing to join, but we receive more funding from the city government the more
people sign up for a library card.

Adaine: Oh, that's fantastic.

Fig: Okay, I've got a couple burner phones, I could make up some
personalities.

Pirate Wizard: Ah, we actually receive double funding for invented
personalities.

Gorgug: Really?

Fig: I'm your girl.

(all laugh)

Kristen: That's very pirate, I like that.

Pirate Wizard: Yes, absolutely.

Gorgug: You don't happen to have any books on a guy called the Nightmare King,
do you?

Pirate Wizard: The Nightmare King, I am sure if it is forbidden knowledge you
seek, then it shall await you in the rows here of the Compass Points, unless
it has been stolen, which happens a lot, we have a lot of stolen books.

Adaine: May we steal books?

Pirate Wizard: Mm, please don't.

Emily: Can I steal his book?

Brennan: (laughs) Give me a Sleight of Hand check.

Zac: It's chained to him.

Ally: I would like to do--

Emily: 14.

Brennan: 14.

Ally: I would like to stop you, I feel so bad for him. Can I try to beat that?

Brennan: I'm gonna say that make you roll with disadvantage. Give me a roll,
so you roll lower than 14.

Emily: I got a nat 1.

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna need you to make a Constitution check.

Ally: Don’t! No, I'm so sorry. I just felt bad for him.

Brennan: Or a Constitution saving throw?

Emily: I got 16.

Brennan: 16. You see that the dude blasts you with a spell and there is a tiny
horned parrot fluttering where Fig just was a moment before.

Kristen: What, come on!

Gorgug: Oh, don't eat her, don't eat her.

Fig: (parrot voice) No, it was a joke. Turn me into a banana.

Pirate Wizard: I could only turn you into one fifth of a banana.

Siobhan: I Dispel Magic.

Brennan: (laughs) Fig, you pop back.

Fig: It was a joke, dude, get a sense of humor.

Pirate Wizard: Do not attempt to take from me my tome of pirate spells.

Gorgug: So, great. Wait, is Ayda Aguefort here?

Pirate Wizard: Yes, she is now in the observatory, mapping the movements of
the stars. Well, I guess it's day, so she might be napping.

Kristen: Let's go.

Fig: Mapping and napping, got it.

Gorgug: Can we go up there?

Pirate Wizard: Yes, the observatory is open to all that is not forbidden.
Please do not go into the forbidden areas, though, if you find them, they will
be clearly marked, they are often intruded upon, please don't.

Adaine: Yes, we won't. (winks obviously)

Pirate Wizard: Do not wink at me, I am being sincere in my objection.

Gorgug: Can we go in if we have a library card?

Pirate Wizard: (sighs) I need to look that up. I think maybe, but I don't
know.

Gorgug: Okay, we'll leave you alone.

Adaine: The rules seemed vague enough that we might.

Pirate Wizard: The rules are quite specific.

(cheery but slightly mysterious music)

Brennan: As you wend your way away from the front desk, you guys all, by the
way, get your library cards, so all of you can, in your inventory, put Compass
Points library card. You know, membership to another prestigious organization.
You guys all sort of en masse head up to the observatory. As you arrive at the
observatory, you guys see a massive wooden dome that has a huge gilded
spyglass, but it is the size of like an observatory's telescope, so this, you
know, 60-foot monolith, but you see that it is still like a spyglass and that
is has golden filigree work, there's like fluid leaves on it, shapes and busts
on the side of the telescope. You see, you don't look, you look around,
there's a couple people napping in here and sleeping, it looks like. There's a
couple people playing chess in a corner. A lot of places in the library seem
to be more social areas, some people appear to, it doesn't feel like a
library. Again, library and pirate city aren't two vibes that go very well
together, so there is some clashing.

Siobhan: So you're saying it's like an L.A. library.

Brennan: It's a lot like a Los Angeles library, yes. So, you guys mose your
way through, there is a large bit of arcane runework going around the outside
of the observatory, there's an enormous sort of tropical looking red, orange,
and yellow bird that has covered itself with its wings and is swinging from a
little perch. The bird is about maybe like six or seven feet tall. Go ahead
and make Perception checks, anyone that would like to.

(dice clattering)

Siobhan: 15.

Emily: 6.

Ally: 18.

Lou: Nat 1.

Murph: Dirty 20.

Zac: 2.

Emily: (in sympathy) Oh, Fabian.

Brennan: Nat 1 for Fabian, Fabian, you cannot see anything in this room
because your eyes are turned only inward. Riz, you look up at that bird in the
corner, and you actually can't tell if it's a bird. You see two large yellow
talons. The talons might be about two feet long, and the wings are wrapped
around, but they're sort of creating a little night thing for the bird, so you
actually can't see its body, it's sort of like a little shield of wings and
two talons sticking out from under it.

Riz: Hm.

Kristen: Hm.

Adaine: Excuse me.

Riz: Shall we say hello?

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: Miss Aguefort.

Gorgug: You wanna go talk to that bird?

Riz: It might not be a bird.

Zac: (nodding) Gorgug doesn’t...

(Murph laughs)

Gorgug: What?

Brennan: As you say, “it might not be a bird,” You hear (screeches) and then
the wings spread. And a resplendent beautiful woman who from the knees down
has large talons, she also has digitigrade ankles, she has those ankles that
kind of kick back like a lot of animal feet do. So from the knees on down
become these almost like metallic golden talons. She bears a striking
resemblance to Arthur Aguefort the moment you look at her.

Zac: Is she a harpy?

Brennan: She looks kind of harpy-esque until you realize that she does have
arms in addition to wings. So she has these incredibly, and as they spread,
deep red wings that as they approach the tips of the feathers sort of change
into orange, and by the time they get to yellow, flicker in a little edge of
flame on the outside of the wings. She's dressed in sort of like white linen
pants with a pirate's sash on them. No guns or anything you can see. Sort of
vest, a lot of sort of orange runes tattooed on her arms, you see that she has
a short shark of red hair, it seems to be not on the sides or back as much,
almost like a plume of red fiery hair that comes off the top of her head. And
her eyes have pupils in them but are otherwise clearly roiling balls of flame.

Fig: Guys, I think this is the creature Arthur Aguefort made for me.

Adaine: No.

Fabian: No.

Adaine: This is a full person. This is a full sentient person.

Brennan: You see that there's a whoomp, pew.

Fig: It was kind of wishful thinking. (laughs)

Brennan: This woman lands in front of you. You see that she does have two
scrolls at the side on her bandolier, and similarly to the guy downstairs, but
sort of like she has it on those leather harnesses you would have for guns,
but it's two small books strapped under each arm.

Ally: I said,

Kristen: Fig, you should feed it.

Emily: I hold out food.

Adaine: What are you, I , excuse—

Ayda: So you offer this food—

Siobhan: I turn her back into a parrot.

Brennan: (laughs) And she says,

Ayda: (crisp, forceful voice, British accent) Do you offer this food to me as
a gift?

Fig: Yes.

Ayda: Then I do not accept. I will be in no one's debt as a wizard.

Fig: Oh, okay,

Emily: I eat the food.

Ayda: Are you now in your own debt?

Gorgug: Are you eating birdseed?

Fig: I owe myself.

Adaine: Aren't we all in our own debt?

Ayda: Oh, are we all in our debt?

Brennan: She takes one of the books out and begins to scribble something in
it. Anyone here can make an Insight check if you would like.

Ally: I need to know if this Fig's animal.

(Emily laughs)

Siobhan: I got a nat one.

Murph: 12.

Siobhan: I guess, can I have Boggy help me?

Brennan: Yes, go for it.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: Five.

Fabian: 18.

Brennan: 18. (pointing at different players)

Emily: 9.

Ally: 13.

Siobhan: 12.

Brennan: You (Fabian) immediately recognize this is, you know what it's like
to have famous and notorious parents and kind of be a little, what that does
to you growing up. This is Arthur Aguefort's daughter.

Gorgug: Oh. He really did fuck anything.

Adaine: You're being, everybody’s being very rude.

Fig: Don't talk about my creature that way.

Adaine: Stop saying things out loud.

Ayda: I'm sorry, did you just refer to me as your creature?

Fig: I'm sorry, it's just wishful thinking. See, Arthur Aguefort promised me
he'd make me the coolest creature in the world.

Ayda: (yelling) Arthur Aguefort!

Kristen: Uh-huh.

Adaine: Yeah.

Ayda: His name (pause) is my father's name.

Adaine: Yes, we're students of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Ayda: What are you doing here?

Adaine: I'm Adaine Abernant. (offers hand to shake)

Brennan: Oh, you see that she grabs your hand to shake it, turns it around,
looks at you, and says,

Ayda: The Elven Oracle, in the flesh.

Adaine: Yes, hi.

Ayda: I thought you died.

Adaine: No, it gets passed on.

Ayda: Ah, much like a phoenix, curious.

Adaine: Well, actually, it's quite different from a phoenix.

Gorgug: Are you part-phoenix?

Ayda: Half-phoenix, to be exact.

Fig: (gasps) That's so cool.

Kristen: Wait, so did Arthur Aguefort sacrifice his wife when we died?

Riz: No, that was like an egg.

Kristen: Oh. Wait, was that his kid though?

Fig: Is one of your parents a full phoenix?

Ayda: Yes, when it comes around, my mother is a full phoenix, she is an adult
most of the time and then becomes a kid every so often. It's complicated, if
you're weirded out by it, join the club.

Adaine: If you guys had read his very spicy autobiography, you would've
already known all this.

Gorgug: We died and were brought back to life by a phoenix egg.

Ayda: Ah, the last phoenix egg.

Kristen: Yeah.

Ayda: Yes.

Kristen: Was that a relative of yours?

Ayda: Most likely, phoenixes are all related as celestial creatures. This is
the Compass Points library. Who are all of you?

Adaine: It’s so nice to meet you. I'm just here to learn a spell.

Riz: Riz Gukgak, yes, we're here for a spell.

Fig: I'm Figueroth Faeth and we're taking down the Nightmare King.

Ayda: Did Arthur Aguefort promise you a creature of some kind?

Fig: Yes, I paid him handsomely to make me a really cool creature I could ride
around on. Then we got this really cool van, so we haven't really needed it.

Adaine: (crosstalk) Also, we're not taking down the Nightmare King, we're just
getting his crown back, I just wanna make that clear.

Ayda: I apologize to you Figueroth Faeth. Though you have insulted me almost
immediately upon meeting me, you find yourself in the unfortunate but all too
common position of having been lied to by Arthur Aguefort.

Fig: You think he scammed me? My principal scammed me?

Ayda: You are adventurers of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Fig: Yes. Yeah, absolutely. Also—

Kristen: I'm Kristen Applebees, no relation to Applebee's.

Ayda: That's nothing. What you were about to say would be crazy to say,
because there's no relation to anything, 'cause why would there be?

Kristen: I was saying applebees, like when you go to an apple store and you
get bit by a bee.

Ayda: I have a spell for that if you would like.

Kristen: Really?

Ayda: Yes.

Gorgug: Wait, you're saying that us as students going to stop the Nightmare
King for 60% of our grade and being put in life-threatening situations nearly
constantly is a scam?

Fig: Is he a scam artist, is school a scam?

Ayda: Hm, hm.

Adaine: I like school a lot.

Ayda: I bet you would.

Fig: (laughs) Battle, battle. (claps)

Kristen: Dance battle.

Adaine: We're here to learn the Sending spell, and by we, I mean I, I don't
know why my friends are here, because they are embarrassing me.

Ayda: I understand. Listen, there is an obstacle before us if your quest here
is to learn a spell, and that obstacle is this, I don't want to help you.

(all chuckle)

Adaine: Oh.

Gorgug: Ah.

Adaine: So by us, you mean us.

Ayda: What?

Adaine: And not you. There is an obstacle before you—

Ayda: I require seed.

Brennan: She flies out the window. (whooshes)

Riz: Wait, wait, wait. Is there anything we can do for you?

Siobhan: I cast, I don't have it.

Fabian: (yelling) Garthy O'Brien sent us.

Ayda: (yelling) What?

Fabian: Garthy O'Brien sent us.

Brennan: You see, she flies around and says,

Ayda: (growling) That name!

Gorgug: Do you have your letter?

Fig: Is a good one?

Ayda: Is the name of my close friend.

Riz: (laughing) Tough to read.

Fabian: They gave us a slip that says—

Adaine: Oh yes, I have a piece of paper.

Fabian: Yes, we're not here just because.

Ayda: Why, are you bragging? I have many slips of paper.

Adaine: It's a specific piece of paper with a letter from Garthy on it.

Ayda: Do you give this as a gift or as a message?

Ayda snatches the message and opens and reads it.

Adaine: I give it as a message. I would never give you a gift, you've made it
clear that you do not want one.

Ayda: I wish for no gifts.

Adaine: But if you would like to buy this message off of me, you're more than
welcome to.

Ayda: Much as a candle can light a second candle without diminishing its own
light, I give you back your message unchanged for I have your message now as
do you.

Fig: This is so painful 'cause this is what I'm like emotionally, right?

Adaine: No.

Ayda: What am I like emotionally? Explain.

Fig: Oh, no, no, no, I'm saying the way that you are so transactional, never
allowing for any moment of tenderness, that's me and my life.

Gorgug: I don't, I think people think you're very tender.

(all laugh)

Adaine: You're the tenderest person that I know.

Ayda: Have I given you any reason to believe that I'm not tender?

Gorgug: I just,

Fig: No.

Gorgug: There's a lot, there's an intensity in your—

Ayda: (demanding) Why?

Fig: There's a lack of vulnerability, you know, the fact--

Ayda: Where?

Fig: That fact that you fear—

Adaine: I think you're cool.

Fig: A debt when sometimes our debts to each other are what bond us to each
other in the most beautiful way possible.

Adaine: Society is built on that.

Riz: We don't need to save everyone, guys.

Ally: [to Adaine] I hit you and I'm like,

Kristen: Get some seed out of the jacket.

Fabian: Do not feed this person.

Gorgug: Listen—

Riz: So you're friends with Garthy, huh?

Gorgug: Yeah.

(all laugh)

Kristen: Yeah, we love them.

Adaine: I can teach you a spell if you teach me a spell. Then the transaction
is clear.

Ayda: I will teach you a spell for the going rate of 50 gold pieces per spell
level.

Gorgug: What level is Sending?

Fabian: Three.

Adaine: It's a third-level spell, so that's 150 gold.

Gorgug: I'll throw in 50. We all gotta send some messages back to the
mainland.

Ayda: Ah, I see. You have discovered information here on Leviathan that you
dearly wish to communicate to your friends and allies on the mainland.

Adaine: Yes.

Ayda: Fascinating.

Kristen: Someone's mother is in danger.

Ayda: Whose?

Adaine: It is somewhat pressing.

Gorgug: And my girlfriend's really mad at me.

Ayda: Whose, yours?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Ayda: Why?

Gorgug: Well—

Ayda: What have you done?

Gorgug: Oh god, this feels kind of complicated to explain right now.

Adaine: Our friend's mom might die. This is more imp, sorry, it's more—

Ayda: Your friend's mother might die. Does she then possess some chance of
immortality?

Riz: She's being hunted.

Gorgug: We will all die eventually, I think.

Adaine: I would love to give you 150 gold for this spell.

Fig: Can I give you 400 gold to get--

Adaine: No.

Ayda: What?

Fig: Oh, actually, 200 gold to get Greater Invisibility?

Adaine: That's not how bards work.

Ayda: If you would like a copy of the wizard spell Greater Invisibility, I
would be happy to take 200 gold.

Fig: It is also a bard spell.

Ayda: (unconvincingly) For sure.

Kristen: So, you know Garthy and so do we, and it'd kinda seem like since they
sent us, maybe this could be a little bit easier. Are we bothering you, does
Garthy send a lot of people this way?

Ayda: Hm, I will answer your question truly, I find you tremendously
bothersome. However—

Fig: Thank you.

Ayda: There is also much that you bring in the way of information. And I find
myself transfixed by your strangeness.

Kristen: Yes, very mutual.

Brennan: Her eyes do that eagle thing, and they're made of fire, so she is
extremely hard to read. She looks at you and says,

Ayda: Yes. You are looking for answers in a book for a question you have long
posed. Questions are good, are they not? To seek something. But what if
there's nothing at the end of your journey, nothing to find and the long years
of questioning leave you thirsty and mad, filled with hunger?

Kristen: Then I would be bummed, but maybe asking questions is the answer.

Ayda: (very seriously) Hm, probably not.

Gorgug: Would, I think we have maybe some larger questions but then also some
smaller questions that have very specific answers.

Ayda: Very well, I shall answer them if I can.

Gorgug: Can we have that spell?

Ayda: Yes.

Adaine: Can you see this cat?

Riz holds out the picture.

(Lou laughs)

Ayda: There is no cat in this photograph.

Fig: Yes, but do you see, who do you see in that?

Ayda: I see a goblin man.

Kristen: Do you listen to music?

Ayda: Yes.

Riz: Wait, hold on, let's keep on the same line of question—

Adaine: What school of magic do you study?

Ayda: What's that?

Adaine: What school of magic do you study?

Ayda: Divination.

Adaine: (excited) Me too!

Ayda: Fascinating.

Adaine: Fascinating.

Riz: Are you aware of any kind of creature that would only be visible to
someone who had seen it before?

Ayda: How would that work?

Riz: We see a cat in this picture.

Gorgug: But some of us only—

Adaine: I don't.

Gorgug: Some of us can't see it.

Ayda: If you can only see it if you've seen it before, then only the people
who can already see it, would ever be able to see it, and nobody new would
ever be able to see it.

Kristen: Yeah, that's what we think is happening.

Fig: Yeah, well, no.

Gorgug: But nobody—

Adaine: But see them in real life. And then you can see them in the picture.

Fig: The rules of the game have changed perhaps.

Adaine: Maybe. Or not. The logic doesn't hold up, but it is fascinating.

Ayda: I find that the most curious instances of magic are those where the
logic specifically doesn't hold up. Study of magic is of course the study of
the edge cases in the marginal, where the rules of physics and reality bend to
the will of individuals. Very curious indeed. Did my father talk about me?

Fig: All the time, constantly.

Brennan: Give me a Deception check.

Ally: Can I give her the Help action?

Brennan: Yeah, if you want.

Emily: 21.

Brennan: 21. She looks at you and says,

Ayda: Hm, deeply unlike him, but I find myself very moved.

Fig: Yeah.

Gorgug: You know, your father was often pissed off by the things I said
unintentionally.

Ayda: Yes, why? Are you bad?

Gorgug: I would say things, I don't think I'm bad, I think I would
accidentally make him mad by saying things that maybe threatened him in some
way, not physically.

Ayda: I understand, you seem (pauses, stares intensely) simple to me.

Gorgug: Oh, thank god, yeah.

Brennan: You see, she says,

Ayda: It's an enviable position. There is no way to pursue the craft that my
father and I both pursue, and your friend Adaine as well, and—

Gorgug: I could probably do it.

Ayda: Oh?

Gorgug: What is—

Siobhan: (having just taken a drink) I spit my tea.

Gorgug: What's a telescope but a spyglass pointed at the stars?

Fig: Whoa, that's so good, that's gonna be one of our songs!

Ayda: What?

Adaine: What's your favorite spell?

Ayda: Hush, I must solve this riddle.

Brennan: And you see that she flies up to a perch.

Ayda: What is a telescope but a spyglass pointed at the stars? (muttering)

Brennan: Anyone can make an Insight check that wants to.

(dice clattering)

Ally: 19.

Siobhan: Nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20.

Emily: Ooh.

Brennan: You're looking at her and she is just extremely her father's
daughter. She is just—

Adaine: Anytime with that spell.

Ayda: Gorgug.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Ayda: Your name is Gorgug.

Gorgug: Yeah, that is my name.

Ayda: I believe you'd be the greatest wizard of this age.

Emily: (laughs) I look at Adaine.

Siobhan: I don't look at anyone. It's too awful.

Gorgug: Should I learn the Sending spell? To be frank, gotta be clear, clean
slate, no spells.

Ayda: Yes, a clean slate. The mind clutters as the years of study wear on and
on, sometimes I think that the greatest wizards are themselves burdened by the
taxing mental weight of all their past knowledge. A clean slate, you may be
capable of the greatest spellwork in generations.

Fig: (whispering) Give him the Sending spell.

Gorgug: So, do you just read it until you know it? Or do you—

Ayda: (laughs) (screeches) Very good. You're hired.

Gorgug: Hired?

Fig: Good for you, man.

Ayda: 150 gold pieces and I will honor this favor for my friend Garthy O'Brien
and give you the spell.

Kristen: Let's do it.

Adaine: Yep.

Fig: Yep.

Adaine: Thank you.

Brennan: Cool, you guys erase that gold.

Fig: Who paid for it, do we need more?

Adaine: I'll pay for it for now.

Fig: I can also go.

Adaine: I've got it.

Fabian: We'll pay you back later.

Adaine: Great.

Brennan: You see that, you get the Sending spell, it's given to you,
manuscript, this is a, you can make a little mark in your spellbook as you put
Sending, which is a third-level spell, in there. This is actually a modified
version from a pirate spellbook.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Sending normally has a 25-word limit in the message that goes out and
the message that comes back. Ancient pirate mages of long ago found a way to
slightly modify the spell, so curse words and swears don't count against the
word limit of this version of the Sending spell.

(Emily laughs)

Brennan: So if you get creative, you can actually transmit really long
messages with this as long as they are… (looking at someone outside the
screen) Are we not supposed to curse?

(all laughing)

Brennan: Well, there you go.

Siobhan: What about pirate curses?

Brennan: Yeah, pirate curses, exactly.

Siobhan: Shiver me timbers, et cetera.

Brennan: Et cetera, et cetera.

Lou: Timbers is a curse, right?

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes, of course.

Murph: So that would be two words.

Ally: We are timbered.

Siobhan: Yeah, we're absolutely timbered.

(all laughing)

Zac: A lot of math conversions in this session.

Brennan: You guys see, so, Adaine, it's gonna take you six hours to sit down
and fully transcribe this spell.

Adaine: Thank you so much, everybody. (starts to turn away)

Fig: While that's happening, does anyone wanna look for a forbidden section?

Kristen: Yup.

Fig: Cool.

Zac: Can I, are there any sort of Intro to Wizard books I can just--

Brennan: She comes over to you, looks at you again.

Zac: Keep in mind, I just wanna be completely clear, 8 Intelligence.

Brennan: She comes over to you and holds your head in both hands.

Ayda: I'm looking at a perfectly serene lake of still, clear water.
Unburdened—

Gorgug: Where, oh.

Ayda: It's a metaphor, hold on.

Gorgug: Okay.

Ayda: You are completely unburdened by the weight and sorrow of intellect,
your mind as empty and free of trappings or weight as anything I've ever seen.
It is like staring at a clear and cloudless sky, completely beautiful. I
forbid you to ever read a single word of wizardry.

Gorgug: Got it, I won't. Give me a book and I'll cut it in half.

Ayda: (sincere) You are beautiful to me.

Gorgug: Thank you.

Kristen: Wow, Gorgug's got a new girlfriend.

Gorgug: I don't, come on.

Kristen: Gorgug's gonna get HPV.

Zac puts his head in his hands.

Adaine: You're dating the headmaster's daughter?

Fabian: Immediately assume she has HPV?

Kristen: No, I just mean, as your parents were--

Ayda: You guys have been crazy rude since you got here.

Kristen: Look, I didn't mean to say that within earshot. Wanna go look for
books on the Nightmare King?

Fig: Yeah, I do, I do.

Ayda: You wish to study the Nightmare King?

Fig: Yes, I also have a question. And it's a sincere question. You're studying
the sky, do you think that there's anything, and you're a Divination wizard,
do you believe that the sky has any insight into the future or even the
present, or do you study it as a matter of curiosity of the stars?

Ayda: Hm, I study it so I can know where this big city is floating.

Fig: Okay, that's a very practical reason.

Gorgug: Sort of navigational.

Fig: Yeah, that's honestly why I asked, cool. So, I don't have any interest in
the stars.

Adaine: Can you also look for books on the Elven Oracle. Feels like this might
be a place where there would be more information.

Ayda: Yes.

Krsiten: Yeah, do you know much about the Nightmare King, we're trying to get
the crown.

Fig: I actually have another thing.

Ayda: Yes.

Fig: Do you have any books on cursed gems? I’m willing to read them.

Ayda: Books on cursed gems, you might be surprised to know that the interest
of pirates and various cursed gems is quite high.

Fig: That's what I thought.

Ayda: Yes, absolutely.

Brennan: Each of you guys can go ahead and make an Arcana check with advantage
as you are in this library.

(dice clatter)

Murph: Can I investigate?

Brennan: Sure.

Emily: (claps) 19.

Ally: Nice.

Brennan: 19, hell yeah.

Emily: And that's with plus 2 Arcana, so.

Ally: 13.

Murph: Ooh, I got a 27.

Brennan: Cool, you got 27 for Investigation.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: 13. We'll start with Kristen, what's Kristen looking for here?

Ally: Anything about the Nightmare King. I think I'm looking for a project.

Murph: I think I'm also looking for Nightmare King as well.

Zac: Can I look for something too?

Brennan: Yeah, for sure. What'd you get?

Zac: (tiny laugh) I got a 2.

Brennan: 2, okay.

Zac: I'm looking for a book on, so your friend's sad.

Brennan: (laughs) So your friend is sad, yeah.

Lou: Can I check on, is the Hangman outside the library?

Brennan: Yes, the van is still out there.

Lou: Can I go check on him?

Ally: Can I grab him as he's about to leave and be like,

Kristen: No.

Fabian: I'm just going outside. I'm just going outside!

Kristen: No, I'm just saying, it's buddy system from here on out. We almost
lost you.

Fabian: I would be right outside at the van.

Brennan: You see Ragh looks at you, Kristen, and says,

Ragh: I got him, I'm good, I'm good.

Kristen: Okay.

Brennan: Ragh goes out with you to check up on the Hangman. You guys go ahead
and check up on the Hangman, what do you do to sort of check on it?

Lou: Can I get, I don't know what a mechanics check is, but can I see how
badly I've damaged it?

Brennan: This is gonna be an untrained Intelligence check.

Lou: Great, I love that. It's a nat 1.

(Ally laughs)

Emily: What?

Siobhan: Get new dice. My lord.

Emily: Brennan's gonna have to do backflips to keep this thing alive.

Brennan: The Hangman is fully gone. On a nat 1, it's full, it's destroyed, the
sword went right through it. The motorcycle is broken. Ragh, as you go to
investigate, you fumble through, just a big chunk of the engine block falls
out, and Ragh goes,

Ragh: Oh, man, you can probably fix that.

Fabian: (strained, weak voice) I probably can, Ragh. I can probably fix that.
I know I can.

Ragh: You wanna get under some blankets, man, you're sweating so much.

Fabian: I just, I think I have pneumonia. I'm not used to being sick, I'm so
rich. I don't normally get normal sickness.

Ragh: Yeah, like poor people sick. For sure.

Fabian: Yeah, I get like rich people sick, like ate too much caviar, or I
smoked a cigar for too long, I don't get like, poor, normal sick.

Ragh: I wouldn't know anything about that.

(Fabian retches)

Brennan: See he goes,

Ragh: Okay, man. Hey, dude, there you go, dude, just get it out, boot and
rally, dude, you're good, man, just. (Fabian groaning) Okay, well.

Fabian: Hey, Ragh.

Ragh: Yeah.

Fabian: Yeah, I don't feel good, I don't feel good.

Ragh: I hear you, man, I think, you know, I have one emotion that I use to
process stuff, and that's rage, and I don't know how to be angry if my mom is
dead a full continent away. You're going through some stuff with your dad.
We've full stop, you know, dude, we are some dudes who for real have not
processed, and honestly, you know, when I think about what I would have to do,
you know, I get pissed, you know. 'Cause it's like I just made it here to
where I'm, like, comfortable in my own skin, you know what I mean? And then
something bad happens on top of that, and it's like, hey, is this bad enough
that I'm gonna lose like all the progress I made, you know what I mean? And
I'm like, I have gotta kill something. You know?

Fabian: Yeah.

Ragh: So, you know, Hoot, Growl! (coughs sadly)

Fabian: Growl.

Ragh: Yeah.

Fabian: Yeah.

Ragh: Wanna sit in the back of the van? Just to sit.

Fabian: Yeah.

Brennan: You see, he covers you with some blankets in the back of the van.
Cathilda comes in a moment later as the two of you are sitting in the back of
the van. Ragh is just dead-eyed, thousand-yard stare. Cathilda comes in with
food for you both, with some piping hot soup. She sits next to you and she
says,

Cathilda: Well, Master Fabian, have you taken a look at your motorcycle, is
it, it's not looking too good, is it?

Fabian: (quietly) It's looking really bad, Cathilda. It's like, I like, did a
great job in doing a bad thing. I like really stabbed it well in a moment
where I wish I hadn't done a good job.

Cathilda: Oh, Master Fabian, I'm so sorry, it's been a hard day. Well, here's
the truth, hard days come and they go, and as impossible as it might seem
right now, you'll take one step and then the other, and that'll be hard as can
be, and step by step, you'll move further and further away from this bad day,
all right?

Fabian: But what, Cathilda? What, it's just a bunch of, I don't know, maybe
I'll just be eating banana yogurt in a mansion? Filled with mementos to a life
that wasn’t mine.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Cathilda: There is no pirate who can see the horizon in a squall. That doesn't
mean it's not there.

Brennan: And she starts to rub little circles on your shoulder. And she starts
to sing a little song in halfling that you recognize. There's a little song in
halfling that you remember. (shanty-like strings) She used to sing it to you,
she hasn't sung it to you in years, but she used to sing it to you all the
time when you were very little. And your dad would be like, gone for long
periods of time, and your mom was sort of like on a long bender, and there'd
be times when you were back at like castle up on the open seas. And it's just
a light little halfling tune, and you have tons of memories of like skinning
your knee or falling on a ship deck, or something like that, and her finding
you and making you well, and you remember the hundreds of times that Cathilda
has done this for you, although it maybe hasn't happened in years at this
point. You watch as she trails off, and at a certain point, you can feel a
little bit your shoulder start to relax. Go ahead and give me a Constitution
saving throw.

(dice clatter)

Lou: Nat 1. (tiny laugh of disbelief)

Siobhan: I'm taking them.

Siobhan reaches across the table and steals Lou’s dice.

Zac: I can't believe this.

Siobhan: I'm taking them and I'm gonna throw them in the garbage.

Emily: What?

Zac: What's happened?

Brennan: You have, mark down that you have a level of exhaustion, and you are
also, we're actually gonna put you at two levels of exhaustion. Cool?

Zac: That's…

Murph: Good lord.

Lou: Two different dice.

Zac: So your speed is halved?

Emily: Stop here.

Brennan: Speed is halved, skill checks at disadvantage.

Emily tries to give Lou some of her dice.

Lou: Keep your dice.

Brennan: Cool, back inside, our investigating crew, I'm gonna say that Riz and
Kristen—

(Lou laughs)

Brennan: Riz and Kristen.

Emily: Oh my--

Gorgug: I'm glad Fabian's getting some air. He probably needed it, it's
probably doing him some good.

Kristen: He's probably doing great.

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: Riz and Kristen, you guys are both looking for Nightmare King stuff,
so I'm saying that you guys look together. You end up going into a religious
studies section.

Ally: Oh cool.

Brennan: Of the library where, Riz, you're investigating the Nightmare King,
there's a fair amount, the library here is kind of sparse when it comes to
this high occult stuff, it's much more practical library for the most part.
But you do find some stuff about the hidden gems and jewels of Sylvaire.
There's a lot of maps here. And you find in these old treasure maps of
Sylvaire that there are religious texts to a temple of a forgotten god. You
rolled a 27 on your Investigation check, right? It looks like there is a
temple somewhere in this place that might have had some treasure that pirates
long ago would've gone and sought out or tried to find prior to the reign of
Kalvaxus. Looking at the information available to you in this book, as you get
into the section of maps that talk about Sylvaire, you look at this religious
text, Kristen, that Riz has sort of found. Go ahead and make a Religion check
for me.

(dice clatter)

Ally: (whistles) What a ride. Okay.

Lou: (to the camera) Rolled for a while.

Ally: It's a 9.

Brennan: Cool. There's a lot of mystery here. The main thing you come away
with is that the god is never named in any of the texts. And you don't know
enough about religion to know that that is really damn weird.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Because there's a lot of specifics, there's like imagery of wood
elves and centaurs, and unicorns, there's like specific names for some of the
relics that were in this dungeon, there's a lot of stuff about what pirates,
some of them are like crossed out, there's notes in the margins from certain
pirates being like yeah, we went here and successfully stole this stuff. But
there's just never a mention of the name of the actual god in question.

Siobhan: Think this is in an island?

Brennan: This is in Sylvaire, this is in the Forest of the Nightmare King.

Emily: Yeah, this is in Forest of the Nightmare King, right? Can you guys take
a picture on your crystal of, if there's any pictures that might look like
this temple.

Murph: I think we're just gonna steal it. We're just gonna take the book.

Fig: Riz, welcome to the dark side.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Sleight of Hand check if you’d be so kind.

Murph: Sweet, Kristen, cover me. Can I get an advantage?

Kristen: No.

Brennan: You have to beat a 10 on a Stealth check to give Riz advantage.

Ally: Okay, I say,

Kristen: You know, a lot of people have HPV.

Ally: Hey, here we go, okay. Oh, negative 3, okay.

(all laugh)

Ally: It's a 9.

Brennan: It's a 9! You do not get advantage on your Stealth check.

Murph: All right.

Emily: You're a little--

Brennan: Kristen will not stop talking about HPV, it makes it very hard for
you to do anything stealthy.

Kristen: I'm just saying.

Murph: Stealth or Sleight of Hand?

Brennan: Sleight of Hand.

Murph: Not as good. 14.

(dice clatter)

Brennan: I'm gonna roll this in, actually, let's bring out our old friend, the
Box of Doom, which is now successfully ready for our little livestream. Hold
on one second. (attaches the skull to the Box) Cool.

Ally: Ha.

Siobhan: Hello, friend.

Brennan: Our old buddy, the Box of Doom. You had a 14. The pirates here have a
plus 6 to their Perception.

Siobhan: Great, good.

Brennan: 8 or higher does the trick. (die clatters) 7!

(all cheering)

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: How about it.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: Lovely. So you grab this tome, slip it into your inventory, and walk
away. What else are we looking for?

Emily: I'm looking for anything about cursed gems or people being kept in
objects.

Brennan: Hell yeah, and you got a 16?

Emily: I got a 19.

Brennan: Oh, you had a 19.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: Which is, I only have plus 2 to Arcana, so I rolled really high.

Brennan: That's great. You do find, I'm gonna say it's a pirate library. You
see that there is a large tome of various curses and charms called Breaking
the Evil Eye, there's an entire chapter in it, that it seems to be
successfully stealing and breaking the curses on treasure.

Emily: Okay, I desperately wanna steal this, so I'm gonna use a Disguise

Self to look like the guy from the front, and then walk out with the book.

Brennan: Great, give me a Deception roll.

Zac: Don't you have to walk past the guy?

Emily: I'm gonna walk out one of the back entrances. Back exits.

Brennan: Cool, very cool, go ahead and roll that for me.

(dice clatter)

Emily: That's gonna be a 17.

Brennan: Okay, plus 6, back in the Box of Doom.

Lou: Here we go now.

Ally: So 11 or higher.

Brennan: 11 or higher. (die clatters) That's a nat 2.

Emily: (laughs) Oh ho ho, Yes, yes!

Brennan: So you walk out. (laughs)

Emily: My Sleight of Hand is bad, man, this is how I had to do it.

Brennan: Yeah, you see that Ayda Aguefort, by the way, comes out, oh, by the
way, and Ayda, her name, when you actually handed the hand over is spelled
(trouble pronouncing) all- literally-, alliteratively.

Siobhan: A-I-D-A.

Brennan: It's A-Y-D-A Aguefort. You see that Ayda Aguefort looks at you and
says,

Ayda: Rawlins, where are you going with that book?

Fig: (in a wizard voice) It's my lunch break. I deserve a break too.

Ayda: Debatable, I'm not sure that you deserve a break, or that any of us do.
However, I don't feel like stopping you right now.

Fig: Look at how fast I could run.

Emily: And then I run.

Brennan: You see that she peers down and just observes you running. She says,

Ayda: (loudly) Faster than I imagined, Rawlins.

(all laugh)

Ally: Oh my god.

Brennan: Wonderful. So, the only people sort of left that are not stealing
from the library are Adaine and Gorgug.

Siobhan: Yet.

Zac: Gorgug's just gonna go up to the real Rawlins and talk to him.

Gorgug: Hey.

Rawlins: Can I help you, young man?

Gorgug: So I'm looking for just any sort of, is there a section, I am allowed
to read wizard books that aren't about wizarding, right?

Rawlins: Yeah.

Gorgug: You know right.

Rawlins: You are allowed to read anything. You're allowed to read whatever you
like.

Gorgug: Awesome. So I'm just trying, my buddy kinda had a big old bad day. And
I'm looking for anything that's like about cheering up friends and helping
them get through some hard times.

Ally: Aww.

Gorgug: And if there's any kind of book section on that. Are pirates big on
books on cheering up your friends?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me just a flat Intelligence check.

Emily: Ooh.

Zac: Well, 14 minus 1, so.

Brennan: Oh, you see, he looks and says,

Rawlins: All right, I can bring you to the friendship section if you would
like.

Gorgug: Pirate friendship.

Siobhan: That's so cute.

Rawlins: Yes, here on Leviathan, we just call it the friendship section
because everything here is pirate. So we don't—

Gorgug: I don't have to add that.

Rawlins: You don't have to add that.

Gorgug: Cool.

Rawlins: All right, this way.

Brennan: You see, walks off, he says,

Rawlins: I haven't seen your young friends about, are they perusing the
selection?

Gorgug: Yeah, I think, I don't know.

Rawlins: This is the friendship section.

Brennan: And you see he gestures to a small little dusty shelf with a couple
of little books and—

Zac: Big Legos.

(all laugh)

Brennan: Little books and parchments and stuff like that. See, he says,

Rawlins: Here is the friendship section.

Gorgug: Okay. Kinda not as much as I was hoping for.

Brennan: You see, he sort, he, give me an Insight check.

Zac: Nat 1.

Brennan: Nat 1. He's mad at you.

(all laugh)

Gorgug: If you didn't have a friendship section, you could've just told me.

Rawlins: We do have a--

Gorgug: We can talk, you don't have to like...

Rawlins: We do have—

Gorgug: ...mess around with me.

Rawlins: I'm not. Are you accusing me of messing around with you?

Gorgug: It just feels like you're kinda trying to prank me right now.

Emily: I run by. (laughs)

Rawlins: There I go.

Gorgug: There I go, pranking people again?

Rawlins: No, literally, there I go. I'm running so fast.

Gorgug: This is just some weird old man prank, clearly.

Rawlins: Who are you calling an old man?

Gorgug: You, you're a stupid old man.

Rawlins: Hey, I command the seven winds of the nine stars, secrets of the deep
have I learned, I can summon ancient krakens of seas long gone. Spirits of
wind and wave do answer my call and at my beck and command.

Siobhan: I steal his book.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Sleight of Hand check.

Murph: Oh god.

Siobhan: Oh god. Can I have Boggy help me?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

(dice clatter)

Siobhan: I got a not nat 20.

Brennan: (die clatters) You yank the book out of his chains, he turns into a
skeleton and collapses in a pile of bones.

Gorgug: (screaming) Ah!

Siobhan: I put the book back.

Brennan: You put the book back and he comes back together in a pile and starts
screaming.

Rawlins: (screaming) Ahh! That just gives me meat! The book in the chains just
gives me meat, it doesn't put me back the right way!

Gorgug: Can I help you?

Rawlins: Please help!

Gorgug: I'm sorry.

Adaine yanks the book back out.

Rawlins: Take the book out, I do not--

Brennan: (sputtering) Bones.

Gorgug: Huh, okay, let's arrange the bones in the way that would make it a
human being.

Adaine: I'm gonna keep doing the studying, you do that.

Gorgug: Oh, Adaine, why have you done this to me?

Lou: Wow. Wow!

Gorgug: Why have you done this to me?

Lou: Wow.

Adaine: I just wanted to learn how to control the seven winds of the nine
stars.

Zac: I'm gonna look at the shelf on friendship.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Which is next to the bones.

Brennan: What are you, so you start looking for something, a book on
friendship? Go ahead and just give me a Dexterity saving throw, which I’llgive
you with advantage.

(dice clatter)

Zac: I have advantage, right?

Brennan: Yeah, you got advantage, yeah, absolutely.

Zac: That's only a 7 or no, 5, yeah, 5.

Brennan: Ooh, only a 5. You end up going in, you push the door, the sort of
shelf, and you see that it's open as a secret door. You look in golden light,
vast and countless towering shelves with ladders attached to rails that wheel
around the outskirts are hundreds or perhaps thousands of tomes dedicated to
the subject of friendship.

Gorgug: They love friendship here.

Brennan: On the back of the little shelf that you see there, you see that
there's an inscription. And you see it says, "Much like this shelf, friendship
may at first seem humble, but beyond a drab exterior, lies a golden treasure,
greater than any ship's bounty. Go with love, me hearties."

Zac: Gorgug cries a little bit and walks into this room.

Brennan: Great, you walk into the room, the little door closes behind you, and
you're in a vast room to friendship.

Gorgug: Hello?

(wind blowing)

Zac: Okay, well, I'm gonna take out my Compass Point library card and see if
it points to anything.

Brennan: (die clatters) You see that the Compass Points library does start
pointing, you see little compass things, which shifts around a little bit. And
you see that there is a small book on a shelf called "Cheer Up Me Hearties".

Zac: I'm going to pick that one up and exit the room.

Brennan: You exit from the shelf, and you see that several large muscle-bound
pirates have apprehended Gilear and have him face down on the ground, and
they're like,

Pirates: What did you do to Rawlins?

Brennan: And he's like,

Gilear: I have done nothing to, I don't understand, I just found these bones
and I started to pick them up, I thought I was helping!

Gorgug: Someone else did that.

Pirates: What's that?

Gorgug: Someone else did that.

Pirates: Well, how do you know, you didn't see it!

Gorgug: I did see it. But then I didn't know what to do about it. 'Cause it
seems hard to figure, do you know how to fix him?

Brennan: Are you still holding the book, by the way?

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: He's like,

Pirates: You got Rawlins's book in your hands!

Gorug: Wait, this is the "Cheer Up My Hearties".

Brennan: Oh no, because you were gonna fix Rawlins, so you're still holding
Rawlins's book, right.

Zac: Oh right, okay.

Brennan: Of pirate magic.

Gorgug: Listen, I have two books in my hand. One of them is his book, yeah,
this is his book. But I took it out 'cause when I put back in,

Zac: And I put it back in for a second.

Rawlins: Please, ah, it's worse than death.

Gorgug removes the book again and Rawlins returns to being bones.

Gorgug: So I just thought it would be better for him to not have it on him.

Brennan: You see they look, go ahead and give me a Persuasion check.

(dice clatter)

Zac: Ooh. 19.

Ally: (impressed) Hey.

Brennan: They look and they say,

Pirates: That's a good man. That's a good man, what you done for poor Rawlins
here. Not like this LOUSY LAYABOUT!

Brennan: They start shaking Gilear. (screaming)

Gorgug: I really, he didn't do anything. I don't even think he was here when--

Gilear: I've never done anything! I've never done anything!

Gorgug: He's never done anything, that's true.

Gilear: With my life, with anyone, please help?

Brennan: And you see that the two pirates say,

Pirates: Is this codger yours, he's one of your mates?"

Gorgug: Yeah, he's kind of, well, he's like my friend.

Gilear: Please speak more enthusiastically on my behalf, Gorgug.

Gorgug: Yes, you know what, he is one of my mates.

Gilear: Oh, it hurts to have to ask for it.

Brennan: You see the pirates let go of him and they say,

Pirates: This is not the first time this has happened, we'll take the book off
your hand, we'll take Rawlins and we'll sweep him up, and get Ayda to put him
back together.

Gorgug: Okay, you are all good friends to him.

Pirates: (touched) Do you mean that?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Pirates: Well, you're a good man.

Gorgug: I'm—

Pirates: What?

Gorgug: I'm a wizard too, so.

Pirates: Is that true?

Gorgug: Yeah, pretty much.

Pirates: Ayda mentioned the greatest wizard of the age. Now I see it.

Brennan: You see the two of them sweep up the bones, get the book, leave from
that place. The rest of you guys kind of meet up out by the van, and pretty
much, I think, it's Adaine is here with, I think, Sandra Lynn would've stayed
by your side to let everyone else sort of run around and do their shenanigans.
But the rest of you guys sort of meet up by the van, couple hours pass by, you
guys do see that plume of smoke up in the corner of the Crow's Keep.

Emily: Can I start reading my book?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Emily: Can I see if I find anything about curse or gems, or I'm also kind of
interested if there's something about taking a soul that's been bound in an
object after the object's been destroyed, and saving it.

Brennan: You don't find anything about, because pirates wouldn't have any
interest in destroying a piece of treasure that they were trying to get.

Emily: I see, okay.

Brennan: But they do talk about specifically things that are bound to gems,
and you see that there's a little charm that can affect the Plane Shift spell,
and it basically says, if a curse has effects hidden within a cursed object
that are effectively obscured or obfuscated from your ability to interact with
them, what you can do is actually Plane Shift inside of the cursed object to
get an interior landscape to see the hidden effects. So in other words, the
contingency effect that would kill Gorthalax if you tried to break this curse,
you could potentially Plane Shift into the gem, dispel that effect, and then
break the original curse.

Fig: Adaine, do you have seventh-level spells?

Siobhan opens her mouth to speak, but says nothing.

Fig: Okay, something to work for.

(Brennan laughs)

Siobhan: Is Plane Shift seventh level?

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: I was wondering if I can--

Siobhan: Ah. I have Blink, that changes the plane that I'm on. But only onto
the ethereal plane.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Ally: Can I look at my subject of world religions book, and try to start cross
referencing that with this thing that we have to see who maybe the unnamed
deity is?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely, give me a Religion check.

Ally: Got it, all right.

Murph: And just to be clear, does it look like there's a name omitted or is
it—

Brennan: Let's see this roll and I'll see what you guys find.

(dice clatter)

Ally: Ey, there we go, 20 but not nat.

Brennan: 20, not nat. You look at this and there are a lot of gods that
existed in Sylvaire back in the days of old. The wood elves had their own god,
the centaurs did as well, the gods of the treants are a little bit mysterious.
The fairies that lived there kind of were chaotic and kind of almost celestial
themselves a little bit, they were sort of otherworldly themselves. And then
very little is written about the role that unicorns play it in that forest.
But you do see that there is, in other words, there are a lot of things that
this god could have been, and there are elements of like, oh, there were other
deities at the time, this could be this person, it could be this person, could
be this person. A dirty 20, a lot of it doesn't match for you. Like you're
looking at what your book has to say about it, and it's sort of, you are able
to, kind of frustratingly, rule out a lot of the things in the book. In a way
that makes you confused. You're like, man, this is like, if there's this
treasure map and this thing where the name is, and like you're saying, like
Riz, almost omitted, it would be weird that it wouldn't be represented here,
and yet you're looking at it and you're like, yeah, there's nothing here about
this.

Riz: Adaine, could you maybe Dispel Magic on this, or sense if there's—

Adaine: I could, but if it's illusory script, then a Dispel Magic will destroy
it.

Riz: Eh.

Adaine: I mean, the original script and the illusion both disappear, is what
happens if it's illusory script.

Kristen: I could cast Detect Evil and Good, and see if we're getting a vibe
from either of those. 'Cause wouldn't Nightmare King—

Riz: I could do a Detect Magic on it.

Murph: Do you wanna do Detect Magic?

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Riz: That's not a bad idea.

Adaine: Yeah, or I could also do the Identify spell.

Riz: Would that tell us if it was--

Adaine: Enchanted.

Riz: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah, it says if it is a magic item.

Riz: Okay.

Adaine: Or a magic imbued object.

Kristen: Cool, let's do it.

Siobhan: Great, I cast the Identify spell on this book about this unseen god.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Unnamed god.

Brennan: You—

Murph: The, okay.

Brennan: You're casting, on this book of religion of this unseen god, the one
that has the original maps on it?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. You go ahead and cast the Identify spell.

(chiming Identify spell music)

Identify Spell: (energetic, posh British accent) Ah, yes, this is another use
of the Identify spell. The hefty tome that you now hold in your hands is a
perfectly normal book.

(music immediately and abruptly cuts off)

Adaine: Well, at least he was efficient.

Kristen: Great.

Riz: Great.

Kristen: Okay.

Adaine: Why is the voice in my head a man?

Gorgug: So.

(all laugh)

(Identify spell music resumes)

Identify Spell: Why would you assume that?

Kristen: Wow. Wow, wow, Adaine.

Fig: Open your mind.

Fabian: Damn, Adaine.

Adaine: It's my brain, guys.

(all laugh)

Adaine: It's my brain.

Kristen: Wow.

Gorgug: What if you take a picture on your crystal of the picture?

Riz: Oh, and see if it's like the Shadow Cat?

Gorgug: Yeah, can you see--

Riz: And see if things don't show up.

Gorgug: I'm curious to see if you took a picture of the picture, if we could
see it. If it's a picture you took.

Riz: Oh, so nothing to do with the book, just take a picture—

Siobhan: Oh, of the Shadow Cat.

Riz: —of the picture?

Fig: Yeah, I like it.

Murph: All right, I'm gonna take a picture of the Shadow Cat picture.

Brennan: Okay, you take a picture of the Shadow Cat picture on your crystal.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Emily: And then put it into Photoshop and see what the color profile is.

Siobhan: Change the contrast on it.

Zac: The picture you took can maybe (laughs).

Brennan: Okay, you take a picture of the picture, you (Riz) can see the Shadow
Cat in your crystal, you guys cannot.

Gorgug: Okay.

Kristen: Okay.

Siobhan: All right.

Fig: Interesting.

Gorgug: I'm just ruling out things.

Kristen: Great.

Riz: Cool.

Gorgug: So this is the last time, so, what do we know about the unicorn again?
It was the last time people saw it was when the Nightmare King came into our
realm, right?

Kristen: The great unicorn?

Gorgug: The great unicorn or something like that. What did this say about the
unicorn?

Kristen: Just that the unicorns, there wasn't much known about who they…
worship?

Brennan: There wasn't much known about them, yeah. In the treasure map that
you guys see of that area, whatever this sort of unnamed god is, you find
stuff in it that seems to include elements of every culture that was present
in Sylvaire at the time, in these temples. So a god big enough to be partially
revered or at least acknowledged by five separate types of beings that
inhabited Sylvaire, not being anywhere in your religious text is weird, it is
weird enough that is actually extremely noteworthy.

Fig: Did they reference how this god was celebrated or worshiped or what the
practices were like? Because what if the Nightmare King is just a god who got
pissed, a vengeful god?

Adaine: Is there some kind of cleric on Leviathan?

Kristen: Well, isn't—

Adaine: Garthy?

Kristen: Tracker? Isn't Tracker—

Adaine: Yeah, but maybe like a pirate—

Kristen: Oh, got it.

Adaine: —cleric.

Brennan: Oh, there are a lot of pirate clerics here. Pirate clerics tend to
subscribe to a model where they will often keep shrines to every single god
they've ever come into contact with to hedge their bets.

Adaine: So maybe they know a lot about a lot of gods.

Kristen: That'd be cool.

Fig: That's interesting.

Gorgug: It feels like this god, and forgive me if I'm stating the obvious, is
removing itself from history.

Riz: It sounds like the Shadow Cat, yeah. Right?

Fig: I was wondering the same.

Gorgug: And seems like there's a lot of power in people not knowing you exist.

Fig: Yeah, yeah.

Lou: Yeah.

Adaine: You know, Zaphriel also didn't know anything about himself. The van.

Fig: Yeah. Was that something that was done to him though?

Adaine: We don't know.

Fig: Yeah, we don't know.

Adaine: He might have done it to himself. He might be lying. We don’t know
anything about him.

Kristen: Well, my dream before we took off was that I couldn't draw the face
of my god. When we all had our nightmares before we took off.

Fig: Well, does that--

Adaine: That maybe you've been worshiping some unnamed god by mistake.

Kristen: I don't know.

Riz: Are they trying to make us forget everything?

Adaine: Everybody shut up, I need to do my homework. (scribbles in a journal)

Brennan: Adaine eventually finishes her homework, you guys have sort of eaten,
Fabian's very sick in the back of the van, Ragh is back there having a hard
time as well, Cathilda is just tending to the both of them. Sandra Lynn is
kind of guarding over Adaine while she studies. Gilear is (laughs) also
playing it safe in the van at the moment. You see, eventually, Ayda comes back
over to you guys as you are almost finished, and she looks at you and says,

Ayda: I take it you're almost done with the spell.

Adaine: Yes, thank you, yes.

Ayda: Very good, all right. If you see my father, (long pause) tell him
whatever you want, no concern of mine.

Adaine: We can hang out if you like.

Ayda: What?

Adaine: I don't have any wizard friends.

Ayda: Why?

Gorgug: I'm a wizard.

Adaine: (looks briefly at Gorgug) I don't have any wizard friends.

Ayda: Are you hard to be around?

Adaine: No, I, no? Are you hard to be around?

Ayda: Yes.

Adaine: Oh, do you want a friend?

Ayda: (pauses, intense stare) Desperately.

Gorgug: Aw.

Adaine: I'll be your friend. Would you like to hold my frog? It's not a gift.

Ayda frowns a little and holds out her hand for the frog, which Adaine gives.

Brennan: She takes Boggy.

Ayda: Utterly fantastic.

Adaine: Isn't he good?

Ayda exames Boggy closely.

(Ally ribbits)

Ayda: What level spell is this?

Adaine: Oh, it's just Find Familiar, it's—

Ayda: How?

Adaine: I can teach you it. It'll cost you 50 gold per level.

Ayda: (laughs screechingly) Very good. Hm. This is a first-level spell. Your
spellcraft would make it seem much higher than that.

Adaine: (genuinely) Thank you!

Brennan: She hands Boggy back to you.

Adaine receives Boggy and promptly places him on her shoulder.

Ayda: A truly fantastic frog. I've misjudged you.

Adaine: Do you like my— he has a backpack.

Brennan: You see, she says, her eyes go wide, you haven't seen her display
much emotion but she says,

Ayda: (loudly) He has a tiny little backpack that he wears?

Adaine: No, that I wear that he lives in.

Ayda: Oh, that's also good.

Adaine: Oh, you know what, he should, hang on,

Siobhan: I pull out a tiny little backpack.

Brennan: You see she goes,

Ayda: (yelling) Nooooo, it's too cute!

(all laugh)

Brennan: Boggy happily puts on a tiny little backpack that he now wears.

Ally: He wears a backpack in a backpack?

Brennan: In a backpack. She says,

Ayda: There's a frog in that backpack wearing a tiny little backpack.

Fig: What's in his backpack?

Ayda: Oh, maybe a smaller frog.

Brennan: You see Ayda looks at you and says,

Ayda: I cannot believe that I've met the two greatest wizards of this age on
the same day. You and your friend Gorgug will surely either kill each other or
save this world.

Brennan: And she begins to stride out of the room.

Emily: I say,

Fig: Make it three.

Emily: And then I dismiss my Disguise Self.

Ayda: Rawlins, why have you disguised yourself as this young woman?

(all laugh)

Emily: Oh, this is gonna be hard to explain. I turn back into Rawlins.

Ayda: Rawlins, get back to the front desk.

Fig: Okay. Watch me run.

Brennan: You see she looks at you and says,

Ayda: You did a very good job running earlier. But I could do with even faster
if I'm being honest. Many people steal books from here, and we should catch
more often.

Emily: I desperately wanna please her, so I run even faster.

Ayda: Very good, (yelling) faster, Rawlins, faster!

(all laugh)

Gorgug: I'm faster than her.

Brennan: You see she says,

Ayda: Adaine Abernant, you're welcome here at the Compass Points whenever you
wish. And your companion Gorgug Thistlespring as well. Whatever knowledge that
I can offer you, I shall offer you a fair price for it. Not only because you
are gifted wizards but because you took the time to fill out a library card
and we really need the funding. I appreciate it.

Adaine: You're welcome.

Brennan: You see she turns around, you guys return to the van, and have your
Sending spell.

Emily: I have a real quick question. Was my book in a forbidden zone?

Brennan: It was.

Emily: Or was it regular? Okay.

Siobhan: So, I don't have a card for Sending, I can just—

Zac: You need a card?

Siobhan: A spell card.

Zac: Oh.

Siobhan: I have two third-level spells left this day. Do I Send one?

Brennan: You get a free response with it.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: So—

Siobhan: I wanna send one to Aguefort.

Emily: To Ragh's mom.

Zac: Yeah, 'cause she's kinda laid up, yeah.

Emily: Oh, right.

Siobhan: And then one to Zelda.

Gorgug: Yeah, well, do you get, could we just have Aguefort message Zelda. I
mean—

Adaine: No, I'm saying we could--

Gorgug: I think I should talk to her but I also--

Adaine: I'm saying we shouldn't.

Gorgug: Right, and I'm saying--

Adaine: We have 25 words per Sending.

Gorgug: Yes.

Adaine: Plus curses and swears.

Gorgug: Okay.

Adaine: That are PG-13 appropriate.

Gorgug: So you can do two third-level spells today.

Adaine: Yes, I have two fourth-level spells as well but,

Gorgug: I think the only thing, I don't want you to use a spell on this if you
can use it tomorrow. 'Cause one is like a life-threatening situation and one
is a situation where I feel like I definitely should handle, but also don't
wanna need that spell later in a fight or something.

Adaine: Okay, well, let's come up with a 25-word message to Arthur Aguefort.
“Avast, headmaster, can you please check on Ragh's mom. We think she might be
in danger?”

Fig: Yeah, we could--

Riz: I think let's be specific, right? Shadow Cat wants to kill--

Adaine: From the Shadow Cat.

Gorgug: Ragh's mom.

Fig: Shadow Cat threatened Ragh's mom, wants to kill Ragh's mom, please keep
her safe, stop.

Riz: Yeah, keep her safe.

Adaine: Batten down the hatches.

Kristen: Go immediately.

Gorgug: Please protect her. That's nine.

Riz: Maybe could tell my mom. She could get the cops there too.

Fig: Get a detail on her.

Adaine: Yeah, okay, tell--

Gorgug: Can we tell, so, (counting the words on his fingers) Shadow Cat wants
to kill Ragh's mom, please protect her.

Adaine: Tell Sklonda.

Gorgug: Tell Sklonda.

Fig: Does Aguefort know who Shadow Cat is, that's sort of just what we call
this creature.

Fabian: I mean, her name is Kalinda?

Brennan: Kalina.

Fig: Kalina.

Gorgug: (still counting) Shadow Cat, okay.

Riz: Nightmare King--

Adaine: Nightmare King's agent Shadow Cat--

Riz: Perfect.

Gorgug: One, two.

Brennan: Cool.

Adaine: Nightmare King’s agent Shadow Cat.

Brennan: That's all under 25.

Riz: We got it, we got it. Yeah, that's all we need.

Brennan: You guys send that off.

Gorgug: Tell Zelda I'm sorry.

Brennan: You guys get a response back almost immediately from Principal
Aguefort, going,

Aguefort: Ah, wonderful, the use of a pirate Sending.

Brennan: A spree of profanity that is so specific that it actually
communicates a kind of intricate message that he's gonna go check up on it,
and he says, "Stay where you are, I'm gonna scry on you, and then send a
screening, send a screen to communicate with you more in person.” So you guys
are all in the van. A minute or two later, a (blows raspberries) screen goes
across the windshield of the van that is kind of tilted to, even though the
windshield's at a tilt, it just shows Arthur Aguefort there.

Zac: I was driving.

Brennan: In his suit, while you're driving.

(both yelling)

(all laugh)

Brennan: You see he goes,

Aguefort: How wonderful, my fine students, here, take a look!

Brennan: And he adjusts the screen. Ragh's house is a smoking crater. It is
completely—

Ally: I hold Ragh in a way that turns him away from it.

Brennan: Ragh puts his head in his hands. You see that Arthur looks and says,

Aguefort: Utterly destroyed.

Adaine: And why did you say that so enthusiastically?

Fig: Everyone in it?

Adaine: Where's his mom?

Aguefort: Well, a dead body.

Adaine: No!

Gorgug: Who was in the—

Fabian: Just one dead body?

Aguefort: Yes.

Gorgug: Is it Ragh's mom?

Brennan: You see that he look in and you see that he says,

Aguefort: Well, the body of Lydia Barkrock, yes.

Fabian: Oh.

Adaine: Can you bring her back?

Fig: Was anything taken from her? Didn't she have a gem-

Aguefort: Crystal.

Fig: A crystal inside of her?

Aguefort: Yes, yes, she did.

Zac: Can I get do a Perception, like Insight check?

Brennan: You wanna do an Insight check?

Zac: To see if this is actually Aguefort.

Brennan: Sure.

Zac: 15.

Brennan: Aguefort doesn't seem that perturbed.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: You see he says,

Aguefort: Yes, the body of Lydia Barkrock was killed, destroyed here. And
we're gonna have to get her a new one, I guess, but-

Gorgug: What are you talking about?

Aguefort: What are you talking about?

Adaine: You can just get her a new body?

Fig: Reincarnate?

Aguefort: Oh, yes, I've been meaning to do this for some time. Lydia Barkrock
had a demon, a very important demon in a gem that she had implanted into her
chest, so what I did was I went and cloned her, took her real body, put it
into a temporal stasis with the real gem in it, took a sort of piece of glass
shaped like a gem, a fabricated one, cast Nystul’s Magical Aura so it would
read as an artifact, stabbed that into the clone, and then what I did, is I
Magic Jar projected Lydia's consciousness into this kind of puppet body so
that she would be able to see and speak and pilot it even though her real body
is actually in extradimensional space about a mile underground beneath the
Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Throughout Aguefort’s entire speech, the entire cast is staring at him with
various degrees of dropped jaws.

Adaine: So she's not dead?

Gorgug: Magic jaw?

Fig: Yeah, you said magic jaw.

Aguefort: Jar.

Fig: Jar, Magic Jar.

Aguefort: In my accent, I drop the hard rs.

Gorgug: That's a spell we've heard before...

Brennan: You see Ragh says,

Ragh: (yelling through tears) Is my mom fucking dead or not?

Adaine: No, she's not dead.

Riz: She's not dead.

Brennan: And he says,

Aguefort: Well, it's an interesting philosophical point because one of her
bodies has been destroyed, so her consciousness shot back to her body prime
but in a sense, she did experience death, so very interesting.

Fig: But she's still alive.

Kristen: Oh, Lydia.

Fig: She's still alive, Ragh.

Ragh: Okay, good, I'm glad. Were you ever gonna tell me that you did that?

Brennan: You see Arthur Aguefort says,

Aguefort: My dear boy, I truly forgot that I did that stuff. It was on a list
somewhere and I was going to eventually tell you. But! Very troubling indeed
that somebody believes they killed Lydia Barkrock.

Adaine: We saw your daughter.

Aguefort: Which one?

Adaine: Oh.

Gorgug: Ayda.

Aguefort: Ayda, how is she doing? Oh, I forgot her birthday, I've forgotten
many of her birthdays.

Fig: Where is my creature?

Aguefort: Oh, I have many, I've been working on it. You didn't get back in
touch with me.

Fig: Yes, well, I'm in touch with you now. Send it to,

Emily: I send him a PIN.

Aguefort: Oh, wonderful, they cost a tremendous amount of money.

Fig: Yeah, remember, I gave you money.

Aguefort: No, you didn't.

Fig: Okay, well, I said I'm gonna give you money.

Aguefort: Oh yeah, for sure, you said you were going to… saying that you were
going to give someone money, and giving them money, two of the most different
things in the world.

Adaine: I think if you're a rockstar, they're actually the same.

Fig: Yeah, everyone just knows I'm worth the money 'cause they see all the
posters with my face on it.

Aguefort: A lot of very famous artists and creators are quite broke.

Fig: Yeah, well, what do you got for me?

Aguefort: Well--

Fig: We'll talk about it another time.

Aguefort: Okay, the cheapest option is the pentacorn, that's 30,000 gold, so.

Fig: Mmm, okay, I'm gonna Google that and then we'll talk.

Aguefort: All right.

Fig: (writing it down) Pentacorn.

Aguefort: Well, I'm very glad that young Mr. Barkrock is not without his
mother. I will get to work on making another clone very quickly.

Brennan: He goes,

Ragh: (hands to hit head) Wait, so, like, when I've been cuddling my mom and
stuff for like years, it's not been her?

Brennan: And he goes,

Aguefort: No, my boy, her consciousness has been inhabiting a perfect replica
of her own real body while her real body has been, sort of incorporeal and
lodged in temporal stasis deep beneath the crust of the Earth. (laughs)

Adaine: What level is—

Aguefort: (screaming) Magic!

Adaine: How do I learn a Magic Jar spell?

Aguefort: Oh, it's very powerful.

Fig: Why do people put people away in stones with it?

Aguefort: (laughs) Why wouldn't you?

Fig: How do you break one?

Aguefort: Well, there's a couple ways. A Wish spell would do it.

Fig: Cool.

Adaine: A ninth-level spell? A ninth level spell would do it?

Aguefort: A ninth-level spell, yes, the good, the good stuff, yes.

Fabian: This family is wild.

Gorgug: Professor Aguefort.

Aguefort: Yes.

Gorgug: While I got you here, do you know anything about unicorns?

Aguefort: Oh, I know a tremendous amount about unicorns.

Kristen: Who did they worship?

Aguefort: (frowns) I think I've quite forgotten.

Gorgug: You forgot?

Aguefort: Yes, I've forgotten. I used to know and I don't know anymore. That's
troubling.

Fabian: Is this like a forgetting thing like you did with Lydia Barkrock's
body or like—

Aguefort: (realizing) Lydia Barkrock! I need to tell her son that I've put—

Gorgug: You just--

Fig: Okay, heavy forgetfulness.

Riz: Can unicorns turn into other things, is that a thing?

Aguefort: Forgotten to tell Lydia that I've done that. Lydia doesn't even
know, I did it while she was asleep.

Adaine: Can you see this cat?

Aguefort: What?

Riz: (holds out the picture) Do you see a cat?

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Fig: Or a person that looks like a cat?

Adaine: Right-

Fig: We don't know what, I don't want him to take it very literally and then
be like, "I don't see a cat."

Murph: Am I the only one of our little crew that can see the cat?

Zac: Tracker can see it.

Siobhan: And Tracker.

Murph: Tracker can see it.

Ally: And— Sandra Lynn.

Zac: Sandra Lynn.

Emily: And Sandra Lynn.

Siobhan: Can Ragh see it?

Brennan: Ragh can see it, yeah.

Emily: And Ragh.

Brennan: You see that Arthur says,

Aguefort: I'm afraid I can't see a tabaxi in that photograph, how strange.

Kristen: Oh, that's so crazy 'cause we didn't say tabaxi, we just said, do you
see a cat?

Aguefort: Hmm?

Kristen: We just asked you do you see a cat in this, and you said, "I don't
see a tabaxi."

Aguefort: I read from your intonation that you were using the term cat to mean
a tabaxi, which, by the way, is extremely offensive.

Fig: I'm not gonna worry about.

Kristen: That's my vibe though.

Aguefort: Yes, for sure. Well, it seems like we have all of this covered up.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check? I don't know if I can over this screen but.

Brennan: Oh, sure, yeah.

Ally: All right. (vocalizing)

Emily: We should steal a book about unicorns.

Ally: Ah, 17.

Brennan: 17. Arthur doesn't seem more strange than usual. You see Arthur looks
and says,

Aguefort: Well, I'm glad to tell you then that Lydia is alive, the person or
peoples that did this were not able to get the demon gem from within her body,
so kudos for us, apocalypse averted, hurray Aguefort, put another W up on the
board.

Brennan: You see he says,

Aguefort: However, Ragh, my good boy, you are officially homeless, so good
luck with that.

Riz: Principal Aguefort, you've gotta get better at talking to kids.

Aguefort: (very similarly to Ayda) Why?

Fabian: I mean, the entire family is just seemingly awful.

Riz: He's a principal though.

Adaine: Ragh, you can live in Mordred Manor with us.

Brennan: You see Ragh goes,

Ragh: Okay, good, my mom's alive. We've got a home.

Kristen: Yeah, you got it, bases covered.

Adaine: Yeah.

Ragh: Okay, cool.

Adaine: Mordred Manor is actually extremely chill.

Fig: It's really cool.

Adaine: I live in a tower.

Fig: I live under a piano.

Ragh: I'm super psyched, I would love that. Party house, yeah.

Adaine: Absolute party house.

Brennan: You see Aguefort says,

Aguefort: Is there a party house around?

Adaine: No sir.

Kristen: No, that's just what we call our study hall.

Fig: For a discount on that pentacorn, there is.

Aguefort: You drive a hard bargain, Miss Faeth. (laughs) All right, I'm going
to go, Ragh, should I make your mother a new body? I would probably have to
deposit her here in this wreckage. Should I just hold tight on that? I
probably should tell her that I made a body and I did a bunch of jib jabs.

Gorgug: You probably should, yeah. Seems like you should explain you did that.

Adaine: Yeah, wait until he has a place to be that's not on fire.

Aguefort: Yes, ooh, her consciousness probably has returned to the molten core
of the Earth, I should get on that.

Brennan: As Ragh goes--

Gorgug: The molten core?

Ragh: What?

Gorgug: The molten core?

Aguefort: Wait, how many miles down did I place her? I am going to check. Form
of Earth!

Brennan: He turns into an earth elemental and burrows into the ground.

(all laugh)

Kristen: Okay, wait, Ragh, when you were saying and you met the tabaxi woman,
who had she talked to, was she talking to Aguefort at any time?

Brennan: You see he says,

Ragh: No, I never saw her talking to Aguefort.

Riz: Saw her talking to Adaine's mom.

Kristen: Yeah.

Ragh: Yeah, and Jace.

Kristen: And Jace.

Fig: The biggest thing is Tracker, and Tracker seeing it overnight.

Adaine: Oh yeah, that is very strange to me.

Kristen: Very strange.

Gorgug: So Tracker—

Adaine: Can we look in the library 'cause we're right outside the library
right now, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Can we check in the library for some kind of book on invisibility?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Kristen: Didn't Ayda say you could ask her anything?

Brennan: Everybody here make a Perception check for me if you'd be so kind.

Kristen: You can get help from her though, like librarian.

Siobhan: 20, 20 not nat.

Zac: Nat 20.

Ally: Ey.

Brennan: Cool. Nat 20. You look off and see that the smoke coming from the
edge of Crow's Keep is finally stopped down but you get a good look at it when
you're with Fabian. I don't think Fabian has described the events of last
night, but Fabian has basically been like, he's like, "Oh, I know what that
was” or whatever. It's on the wrong side of Crow's Keep from where Fabian
fell. It's not the place that Fabian would've fallen from. On a nat 20, you're
just triangulating where you guys got him, so that smoke's not coming from
where Fabian fell from.

Gorgug: Hey, Fabian.

Zac: Well, first off, real quick, I hand him an orange.

Fabian takes the orange, looking a little disbelieving.

Gorgug: I read that somewhere that you give your friends oranges so they don't
get scurvy. But anyways, the other thing is-

Brennan: Ragh tears up.

Gorgug: And you can have an orange too.

Ragh: Fuck. (sniffs) Oh, it's a good day, dude. Do all those hugs from my mom
count, they counted, right?

Gorgug: They counted.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Absolutely.

Fig: They absolutely did.

Ragh: She like had like a mech of her own body made of normal body stuff,
that's normal.

Adaine: But her brain was in it, so that's the same thing.

Ragh: Yeah—

Fig: Ragh, is this not a hug?

Emily: And I hug the gem that Gorthalax is trapped in.

Fig: Is this not a hug?

Brennan: You see, he gives you a hug.

Fig: Does this not count, this counts.

Brennan: He gives you—

Fig: (crying) This counts—

Ally: Everyone in the van is crying.

Ragh: Super hard, guys, super—

Adaine: (crying) My parents never hugged me.

Ally: I just hold, I hold Tracker's hand, just kind of quietly, but.

Gorgug: So Fabian, I don't think that's what you’re talk--, it seems like
that's a different fire.

Lou: I got a 16 Perception, can I tell that that's not.

Brennan: It's not the building. You would know where that is. You look at the
building, that used to be the Ramble.

Zac: What's the Ramble?

Fabian: Oh, the Ramble, that's the main head of government here. It's like the
top of the government here.

Fig: What? Is Jamina in trouble?

Fabian: Probably not Jamina, that's probably James making some kind of move to
take over Leviathan. That's my guess. 'Cause he was up here earlier.

Adaine: Okay, so let's attack him, let's fight him.

Fabian: Oh, we shouldn't do that. Oh, we shouldn't.

Fig: If anything, we need to get revenge on what he did to you last night.

Adaine: Yeah, you're right, you're right, we shouldn't fight him at all, you
should fight him one on one.

Fabian: No, none of us should fight him, we should, our goal is to get a C+ on
this assignment by getting the crown of the Nightmare—

Adaine: No, our goal is to get an A.

Fabian: (a little shaky) All right, either way, the Nightmare King's crown is
our goal, I don't think we should stay here longer than we need to.

Adaine: The Nightmare King's goal. (stutters) This is personal and I don't
like seeing you like this. It scares me, where is your sword, where is your
eye patch?

Riz: Fabian, this is real Gilear energy.

Kristen: Yeah.

Brennan: Gilear goes,

Gilear: Hey.

Fig: Yeah, hey!

Emily: I slap Riz.

(all laugh)

Riz: Assault.

Ally: I grab a lemon yogurt from near Gilear. There's an ant in it.

Brennan: You see, he says,

Gilear: No, oh, sometimes ants get in there, it's okay.

Ally: I say,

Kristen: Look, hold this. Does this feel comfortable in your hand? It's warm
yoggurt (pronounced oddly), you know how Gilear says yogurt?

Fabian: (holding the yogurt) Yes.

Fig: (quietly) Okay, everyone, everyone.

Kristen: Is this, do you wanna be a sad, sad elf-man.

Adaine: I think somebody cursed Fabian. I don't know if there's any other
explanation.

Fabian: (still shaky) I haven't been cursed. All right, here it is, here it
is. While I was off on my own last night, I ran into Alistair Ash and he
introduced me to all of my father's followers, and we all had a great time,
and then—

Adaine: Great, so we can get them to help.

Fabian: No, no, no. I (laughs nervously).

Riz: Are they okay?

Fabian: No, okay.

Gorgug: They quit being pirates, is it?

Fabian: No.

Fig: I bet they had real fun names, I can't wait to meet 'em.

Fabian: They did have fun names, they did have fun names. There's Chungle-Down
Bim.

Adaine: What?

Kristen: Are you having a stroke?

Fabian: No, no, no, no, no.

Adaine: Maybe it's an anagram, it must be an anagram.

Fabian: No, it wasn't an anagram, his name was just Chungle-Down Bim, and
there was also one named Old Young Benjamin, (crying) who was old but also
young. And there was another one, there was another one that jumped out when
they all found out that I didn't kill my father like I said I did. Well, I did
kill my—

Adaine: You did.

Fabian: No, but I didn't kill him the way that they all thought I did, I
didn't fight him in combat. (quick panicked breath) They all said that they
were gonna, we were gonna die and they challenged James to a fight, and I
said, ‘Well, come on, I'm Fabian Seacaster, we could beat him,’ and then he
was walking by. He was walking by and I jumped out of the door, and I (laughs)
Captain James, and I stabbed him. And I stabbed him really good. And it didn’t
do a good job.

Adaine: So it’s fine, so he’s dead!

Fabian: No.

Gorgug: You didn't kill him?

Fabian: No.

Gorgug: Did you almost kill him?

Fabian: (fully crying, head in hands) No, I mean, I thought I did, I thought I
did some good damage. I thought I really hit him hard, and then the next thing
I knew his tentacles were on my head and he was gonna eat my brain.

Adaine shrieks a little.

Fabian: Then he told me that he'd eaten my siblings' brains. So I guess I have
brothers and sisters but I didn't have enough time to process that, because by
the time I escaped, he murdered like all of, (crying) he murdered all of my,
(crying) he murdered all of my father's followers, like all of them in like
one hit. It was like he just went haaa and then—

Adaine: Is Alistair dead?

Fabian: No, the only four that survived were Chungledown Bim, Old Young
Benjamin-

Kristen: Well, didn't Chungle-Down Bim help you?

Fabian: No. (crying)

Gorgug: Chungle-Down Bim probably saved you.

Fabian: No. (crying louder)

Riz: We should go to Chungle-Down Bim—

Gorgug: To Chungle-Down Bim.

Kristen: How did he help you in the fight, how did he help you?

Fig: I've got a phone book here, I'm looking for Chungle-Down Bim.

Fabian: No, please don't, he told me-

Fig: He's on the line.

Fabian: He told me he was gonna shit in my mouth. He told me he was gonna shit
in my mouth. He was gonna shit in my mouth, and then I would never be a real
pirate, and that I was disgraced in my father's memory.

Kristen: Huh, hang up.

Fabian: And then (choked) Old Young Benjamin's hiding somewhere, and Alistair
Ash was crying as I ran away.

Gorgug: But you grabbed him when you ran away though, right?

Fabian: No, I abandoned him like confidently 'cause I knew that the only way I
would survive was if I ran away. The only ones of my followers left are
Chungle-Down Bim, who probably works for James, Old Young Benjamin, who's
doing a monkey thing up in the rigging, and then there's, honestly I probably
have one follower who's running around, he's not even mine, he's my father's,
just like everything else I have, and I don't know, so we shouldn't fight
James. He's just going to murder all of you, and I'm going to feel awful and
I'm just gonna end up eating banana yogurt in a house that I built in the
memory of my father.

Ally: I slap him.

Fabian: Ow.

Adaine: Fabian.

Brennan: Tracker looks at you and goes,

Tracker: Jesus.

Kristen: Fabian Aramais Seacaster, we need you, okay. We brought one Gilear,
we made that mistake, we did not mean to bring two.

Adaine: You are more than your father!

Emily: Okay, real quick, I need to cast Suggestion on Gilear, and tell him to
believe in himself. 'Cause a lot of mean stuff is getting said.

Kristen: (gesturing to Fabian) We need that here!

Brennan: You see, I'm gonna roll a save for him real quick. Oh, he fails his
save. You see he says,

Gilear: I'm okay with the fact that it takes mind control to make me like me.

Fig: Well, we'll deal with that later. I just, everything's gonna keep being
really against you, so just...

Gilear: No, no.

Fig: Buck up.

Gilear: I am looking up from the bottom and I'm seeing how close Fabian is
sinking towards me and it is alarming, even to me, I won't lie.

Fig: Okay.

Fig gives Gilear a thumbs up, which he returns.

Riz: Fabian, you don't—

Adaine: You have so much more than just being your father's son.

Gorgug: Everything you have is not your father's.

Adaine: None of us are friends with you because you're Bill Seacaster's son.
We are friends with you because you’re Fabian.

Kristen: It's true.

Fabian: Yes, but the reason I'm at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, the
reason I'm a Bad Kid, the reason I have the sword that I do and the bike that
I do is all because-

Adaine: You got that bike because you won it fair and square, because we
killed a lot of people.

Fabian: Yeah, but you know who was in my head when I killed Johnny Spells, my
father, my father, my father.

Fig: Hey, just because he started you off on this journey, doesn't mean that
he needs to follow you everywhere you go. He just gave you a headstart.

Riz: Yeah, he's always gonna influence you.

Adaine: You know why, I am who I am because of my parents?

Fabian: Aren't you like the opposite because—

Adaine: Exactly, and you can be that too. Or the same, it doesn't matter, but
we're not friends with you because your dad was famous. Actually, if I'm being
honest, that's the least likable thing about you.

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: Yeah, it's pretty insufferable sometimes.

Fig: Yeah, it's kinda like get over it, you know.

Brennan: You see Tracker looks up and says,

Tracker: ...I think there's a lot of true things that have been said here, and
you know, just from the outside of this friend group looking in, seems like
Fabian might be struggling with depression and I think that we've all reacted
in a way where you see a depressed person and we all shout at them. So, you
know.

Fig: Okay.

Adaine: I feel like you can't be depressed, like, depression is like a long-
term illness, and not just a thing that happens to you on one day. I think
what you mean is that he's sad.

Tracker: Sure.

Adaine: And that's different.

Riz: Fabian's life rules 95% of the time.

Adaine: Yeah, he's had one vaguely mediocre day.

Riz: It was a bad day. It’s a bad day.

Fabian: I watched 14 people die on my orders. Chungle-Down Bim said he’d shit
in my mouth—

Kristen: (crosstalk) So you had a bad day.

Riz: Honestly—

Brennan: You see that Tracker says,

Tracker: I'm gonna stand by, we might be catching this at the beginning of
this process.

Adaine: Call Chungledown Bim, because I'm gonna-

Fabian: Do not call!

Fig: I actually can't, I called him a couple times during that rollercoaster,
and now he's got my phone blocked.

Brennan: And also you see that Gilear looks and says,

Gilear: What actually is a phone book for Leviathan? Because that's fully
nothing.

Fig: Oh, it's some animal hide with a bunch of numbers.

Gilear: These are the scrollings of a mad man. These are not, this is--

Riz: He just found it in the bathroom.

Gilear: Yeah, this is nothing.

Fig: It does what I--

Adaine: It does say Chungle-Down Bim in it.

Gorgug: Fabian, I think you're gonna have to, we obviously can't fix this
overnight, and obviously I want you take time to figure what is going on and
recover from what a bad situation that was, but I think we need to check this
out with or without you.

Riz: But also, Fabian, you, you know, we all draw strength from each other.
You went in without your crew. What's a pirate without his crew?

Fabian: I did have like 14—

Kristen: No, you had randos.

Riz: They're not as good as us. You had randos.

Fabian: But not as good as—

Riz: That's like you trying to do an escape room with just a bunch of
strangers you just met.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: No, thank you.

Fig: I think also, if something's going on, I understand that maybe it feels
really hard but it might not be something we can avoid right now. Although it
is the politics of a city that we're not from.

Riz: Yeah, but if he takes over the entire city, it might be hard to get away.

Adaine: Yeah, that's true.

Riz: Let's check it out at the very least.

Kristen: Let's do it.

Brennan: You see that, this is the first time that Cathilda has heard the
whole story, so you see the van pulls away, you guys start heading towards the
smoke at the edge of Crow's Keep. As the van is pulling away, you see Cathilda
looks up at you and she says,

Cathilda: Master Fabian, are you… (looks down for a moment)

Brennan: She sort of has the blanket over you 'cause you have your pneumonia,
you’re messed up, she looks at you and says,

Cathilda: I want you to know something.

Brennan: And as she, you know, the noise of the van, you guys are driving
away, she looks up at you and goes,

(gentle music)

Cathilda: My children passed away before you were born, and I've never spoken
about it with you because I, it's something that I never truly intended, I
think, to share, you know, you're becoming a young man and throughout your
childhood, the conversation has moved farther and farther away and I don't
know if there ever would've been a day where I would've brought it up. I, your
father loved you the moment he laid eyes on you when you were nothing but a
whimpering babe. You had no exploits to your name, there was nothing heroic,
you were a little ball of wailing and waggling your arms and legs around, and
you are worthy of love no matter what it is that you do in this world, and
there are those that love you. And I hope you know that I love you.

Fabian: (stuttering) Yeah, yeah, I know that.

Cathilda: (long pause) I never wanted to overstep my bounds, and your father
built you up a great deal, and I don't think he ever prepared you for the
sudden fall. Maybe I should've done something about that before. (sighs) You
are a good lad. And nobody is defined by their worst day.

Fabian: Sure, sure.

Cathilda: I'm sorry that you had to go through that, and worst of all, I'm
sorry that you had to go through it without your family.

Brennan: You see a look come over Cathilda's eyes. It's creepy to look at. She
has normally sort of brown, dark brown eyes, and her face is always so creased
in a perpetual smile that kind of like, the pupil and iris of her eyes fills
out most of her eyes. Her pupils dilate and her eyes lose their luster a
little bit in what you can only describe as a look of such pure menace. Like
you've heard the expression that someone goes black in the eyes, this is the
first time you've seen that where someone looks like any shred of empathy,
remorse, or hesitation leaves from her expression. She says,

Cathilda: You are Bill's son, his darling boy, and you are mine as well. And
that squid put his hands on you. And he's gonna pay handsomely for it with
every last thing he's got. Do you hear me?

Fabian: Yes, yes, I do.

Cathilda: That's good, Master Fabian.

Brennan: Pinches your cheek. And you guys head off to the edge of the Crow's
Keep.

Ally: I try to hold Cathilda's hand as we walk.

Brennan: She grazes your hand,

Cathilda: Oh, deary.

Kristen: You're hot.

Cathilda: What?

Kristen: What? Nothing.

Cathilda: You know, I don't think you're wrong. I think I'm quite a catch.

Kristen: It's so true, right, Tracker?

Cathilda: You have to like yourself, you have to, you know, I don't have a
problem saying it, I'm a catch.

Kristen: It's like that Tweet song, "Oops Oh My". She's done dressing in front
of a mirror and just kinda taking it all in.

Cathilda: What a world-shattering reference.

(all laugh)

Brennan: You see she,

Cathilda: An impossibly deep cut. I can't believe where your mind flashes to
in the briefest possible moment.

Kristen: Listen to it, it's a great pump up song.

Cathilda: It's a banger.

Brennan: You see the Ramble. The Ramble used to be this giant sort of, almost
like "Walrus and the Carpenter"-esque ramshackle, multi-level tavern that was
home to, the building the Ramble was home to, the actual Ramble itself, which
was a collection of Leviathan's oldest pirates that would sit here and smoke
and drink, and tell tales of great acts of piracy in the distant past. It was
kind of like, how to put it, similar to what like a courthouse would do, it
was like the repository of the judicial system of piracy where people would
come before these ancient pirates, who wouldn't really hold trials but would
just like ramble and wax philosophical, and eventually, a decision would come
out through the assembled wisdom of the elder pirates gathered here. It is now
a smoking ruin. You see that there are a bunch of pirates that have gathered
here that are kind of like salvaging what they can from this place. Some of
the people here, you see that Jamina Joy is here as well. So you see that the
bosun has come up from the Maelstrom's Maw to help salvage this place. What do
you guys do as you approach?

Murph: Might as well ask Jamina.

Riz: Jamina, what happened here?

Jamina: (deep, low, mechanical voice) (grunting) Captain Whitclaw destroyed
the Rumble. He came here last night and asked what need be done for there to
be a new king in Leviathan.

Gorgug: What needed to be done, destroy that?

Brennan: You see, says,

Jamina: The elders of the Ramble said that it was merely the words of old Bill
that had kept a king from the throne of the helm for a generation. So the
elders of the Ramble said that all that need be done would be for a captain to
claim the crown from the head of the Pirate King in Gibbety Square, and to
head to the Row & the Ruction there to crown themselves as Pirate King.
Captain James need not have destroyed this place. He did so from what I can
only say is malice. To destroy the wisdom gathered here, and have there be no
other elders to claim court or principle in the city of Leviathan.

Riz: Do you know where he is now?

Jamina: If his aim was to become the Pirate King, I can only assume he will
have headed to Gibbety Square to claim the crown.

Fig: How do you feel as the person who takes-

Gorgug: Pibbety Square?

Jamina: Gibbety, what did you say?

Gorgug: I thought it was Pib, never mind.

Jamina: No, Gibbety, Gibbety, yes.

Adaine: It's Gibbety.

Fig: As the person who watches over this city, and has its interest at your
heart, that's an assumption I'm jumping to about you.

Jamina: I have no heart. (grunts) I have an automaton.

Fig: Right, but it's programmed in you to care about this city. Whatever,
let's not debate this. Do you think it's good? Do you support his claim?

Jamina: I was the bosun of the Leviathan under the last Pirate King. When Bill
Seacaster came here, cut off his head, stuck it to the mast of Gibbety Square,
and said that there would be no king in Leviathan, everything changed.
Everything may change again with James Whitclaw.

Adaine: So you're saying you're apolitical?

Jamina: (whirs) Hey, you know, I keep the ships floating.

Adaine: Right, you just obey orders.

Jamina: (whirs) What's your deal, you have some dog in this fight?

Adaine: What's your deal?

Jamina: What?

Adaine: What's your deal?

Jamina: I work from the moment I come from my maintenance to keep this massive
city afloat.  

Adaine: Why?

Jamina: Somebody's gotta do the actual work of this city floating. All right?
Is it so crazy for me to ask that the citizens of Leviathan keep the politics
in line and afloat?

Adaine: When there's a bad person—

Jamina: (angry) How about this? I'll run my crew that keeps the city from
literally sinking into the ocean, I'll do that by myself with the crew that
works for me, and how about the other 98% of people keep an evil king from
happening.

Adaine: Why don't you be the evil king?

Fig: Okay, you've said evil king though. The only reason I was asking is
because I feel like you know this city better than I do, so I wanted to know
if you supported this claim or not. But you said evil king.

Adaine: Yeah, if you're the one that's keeping it afloat, you're the one
that's running it. You should be the king.

Jamina: (buzzes) Look.

Adaine: If there's anyone-

Jamina: This, when, you come from a democracy, right?

Adaine: No, I come from Fallinel.

Jamina: Okay, you come from a magocracy. But my point being that when
something goes extremely wrong in your country, do you go find the like
snowplow drivers? And like the mail people?

Riz: We need to go to Gibbety Square people.

Kristen: We need to go to Gibbety Square.

Riz: This person’s not gonna help us.

Adaine: You're the head of the civil service, that's different.

Gorgug: I feel like this is—

Riz: Everyone read the room.

Adaine: You should resign.

Jamina: Oh, (whirs), do you wanna throw down? Do you want my job?

Adaine: I want you to be, no, I want you to go and be your own pirate captain
on your own and be really good at being a pirate, and let Leviathan sink under
this bad, evil king.

Jamina: So you want for Leviathan to sink into the waves?

Adaine: Yes.

Kristen: No, we don't agree. Let's go to Gibbety Square.

Riz: What are you talking about?

Fig: I didn't mean to start any of this, I totally just wanted to know what
you thought, 'cause I trust your opinion.

Jamina: Well, I'm the only one here with a job. All right, I do my job, I keep
the city-

Adaine: We all have jobs.

Ally: Riz, start doing your— oh no, that was a different, your baby dance.

Emily: I say--

Ally: Completely different world.

Emily: I say Kristen's ribbon dance, and try to distract--

Murph: I start sprinting towards Gibbety Square.

Gorgug: Let's go.

Murph: Yeah, let's go.

Brennan: You guys take off from Gibbety Square.

Adaine: I think you'd be a really good king.

Jamina: (whirs) I would be a queen of this place, and if I was, it would sink
to the bottom of the ocean! Because (incomprehensible yelling)

Brennan: You guys drive away. So you all head off. As you do so, you go down
the pulley system back to the lower levels of Leviathan where you (whirs)
drive over to Gibbety Square. As you arrive in Gibbety Square, you see that
the crown has already been pulled off of the head of the Pirate King. You see
a gruesome sight, by the way, just a giant mast that has an artificially
preserved bearded pirate's head with a dagger through the tongue, pinning it
so it hangs from the tongue off of this thing.

Emily: Gross.

Brennan: And no crown on the head.

Riz: All right, so he's already going to the place where he needs to crown
himself.

Fabian: The Row & the Ruction.

Riz: Let's head there.

Fig: Yeah, let's go.

Brennan: You guys head to the Row & the Ruction.

Siobhan: Where is that?

Zac: (pointing on the map) It's nearby, Gibbety Square.

Brennan: As you guys get to the Row & the Ruction, you see a massive pirate
warehouse in the Aftward neighborhood. These are more like classical
buildings, they're well to do, it's not all ship’s hulls here, these are
actual platforms, streets, buildings, and you see a colossal building. You
guys hear a crazy amount of noise from this, of pitched fighting. (adventure
music starts) So the Row & the Ruction are two separate fights going on. The
Row is a massive fistfight on the sort of sawdust covered and bloodstained
floor of this massive warehouse. It is a fistfight that's been going on for
150 years. They have been like bringing in new people, it's just a fight, it's
been going on forever. The Ruction is a series of planks and barrels hanging
from a net about 20 feet above the Row. The Ruction is people using flintlock
pistols, swords, weaponry, all that kind of stuff. It basically forms a
bicameral legislature for the city of Leviathan where the lower house is this
bar fight, fist fight, the Row has been going on for 150 years, the Ruction is
partially in session from time to time when the fight gets rowdy enough, the
people can actually climb up and get the weaponry and stuff aboard that other
fight. You're not allowed to bring your own weapons into the Row, or if you do
bring them, then you have to hide them and not use them. Again, if you do use
them, that's fine. Everyone will just gang up on you and kill you, right, so
the way it works politically is you gotta have enough people have your back to
go into this fight to start winning it, to get enough ground, to climb up into
the Ruction, which means you start taking over that second level, and
basically, if you can hold the Row & Ruction for long enough, you can make
political decisions for the city. (pauses) Cool!

Zac: Wow.

Siobhan: Cool. Can I use magic in the Ruction?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: But you have to go through the Row to get to the Ruction?

Brennan: Theoretically, you could probably fly over it straight to the Ruction
if you, there's, you might be surprised to learn, it's pretty rules-light here
in the Row & the Ruction. But you guys walk in and you see that the Row is
going on, you guys arrive here just on the heels of Captain James and his
crew, who have all gone to get drinks on the other side, and are basically
preparing to enter the Row. As you walk in, you know, you see your boom, pow,
peng, pow, pow, you know, fists flying, people fighting. You see across from
this massive fist fight, underneath this suspended net with platforms and
stuff like that. You see Captain James turn to look at you guys as you enter.
Is anyone staying outside with the van for anything else? Everyone's going in?

Fig: Unless we need someone to do it, I think I'm probably going in.

Gorgug: Fabian.

Riz: I think I'll.

Adaine: Can you Revivify Fabian to make him not two levels of exhausted?

Riz: Oh, yes.

Kristen: Yeah, let's do it.

Riz: Oh, is there, it's like Greater Restoration or something?

Adaine: Greater Restoration.

Kristen: Yeah, I have a bunch of stuff. Let's do-

Riz: What gets rid of exhaustion? Any-

Kristen: Yeah, I don't know how to get--

Brennan: I don't know if you have anything to get rid of exhaustion right now.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: I think I'd like to, I don't wanna wait by the van or anything, but I'd
like to be maybe stealthing.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Just so I can like be their backup, just kinda hovering around them.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

(die clatters)

Murph: 26.

Brennan: 26, hell yeah, you are a shadow in the corners of the Ruction.

Ally: I guess I'm just gonna cast Resistance on him.

Brennan: Okay, it's not gonna get rid of your exhaustion.

Ally: It'll just give him advantage on like, you can add a D4 to your saving
throws.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Just your next one, I think.

Brennan: You guys approach, you guys see Captain James Whitclaw turn up to you
as you guys come in here. You see he puts a hand on his crystal saber. As he
does so, he looks up and specifically catches Fabian's eyes. What do you guys
do as you approach here?

(music changes to something darker)

Emily: I want to, just to cover our bases, I'm gonna use Countercharm, which
is, I'm just gonna play a little song that makes us all brave so that at least
for a round, we won't get frightened or charmed.

Brennan: Gotcha. Cool, you start doing your Countercharm.

Zac: I'm gonna take the sword of the Seacaster and plant it in the ground in
front of Fabian and say,

Gorgug: Do whatever you need to do, but here's this if you need it.

Siobhan: Yeah, I pull the eye patch out of his pocket and put it on jauntily.

Ally: I pat him on the back and I cast Warding Bond, so.

Brennan: Cool, great.

Zac: So there's, one side is like balancing and stuff, and one side is just
fist fighting.

Brennan: So, it's the lower level's a fist fight, and then there's not really
anyone in the Ruction right now, which is the sort of net with planks and
barrels and stuff up above it. You see across, Captain James actually walks
around the fight that's continuing, he has not entered it with his men yet.

Zac: How many, oh sorry.

Brennan: He comes around, looks at you and says,

Whitclaw: Hi there, boyo. Had yourself quite a bit of a run last night, didn't
ye?

Fabian: (not confidently) Oh, Captain James, you're not going to be king.
We're gonna stop you.

Fig: Hey Fabian, you got this.

Brennan: You see, he says, he looks at you. As he does, he goes,

Whitclaw: (deep breath) You're gonna stop me, boyo, is that right?

Fabian: (stuttering) I'm not gonna stop you, me and my crew are gonna stop
you.

Whitclaw: Not made of stern stuff, are ye? Needed your friends to come and
help you. You know, yer father was not made of such stern stuff as well. Took
off and ran, took that forgiveness they offer in Solace, didn't he?

Adaine: So you have no friends, you didn't have any friends with you last
night?

Gorgug: Seems like you got a bunch of friends here.

Adaine: Seems like a lot of friends here.

Gorgug: I got this book on pirate friendship,

Adaine: You seem like a friendly guy.

Gorgug: And I've learned a lot about it, and it looks like you got a bunch of
friends here.

Adaine: You want an orange, pal?

Whitclaw: Oh, I am hungry, but not for an orange, girl. I can smell the smarts
on you from here. (mindflayer burbling, but it does sound like a turkey)

Adaine: I'm sorry, was that supposed to be scary?

Whitclaw: Oh, it is, I'm gonna eat your brains.

Fabian: He's gonna eat your brains, it's very-

Adaine: This is my impression of you. (wiggles fingers in front of her face,
makes the turkey noise)

Whitclaw: Hey, it can be silly but it's gonna be real bad when your brains are
gone.

Gorgug: You know what, my friend Fabian's gonna eat your brains.

Adaine: Yeah, we're gonna eat your, all of us eat your brains.

Brennan: You see, he—

Adaine: We're gonna shit in your mouth and eat your brain.

Fig: We’re gonna eat your brains. We're gonna eat your brains as a snack
'cause that's how small they are.

Brennan: You see, he looks at all of you and you see that he goes,

Whitclaw: Well, son of a coward and run off like a coward to his friends. I'd
be happy to mince them in front of you. You have no true pirates here.

Brennan: You guys hear a noise behind you, and you hear (laughs), you hear a
little voice go,

Cathilda: (laughs) Shut that squid mouth, you dirty pirate piece of shit.

Brennan: And Cathilda steps out, and you see that there's even a noise of like
the kind of the Row quiet, people are looking and punching, looking away to
look at Cathilda, punch. Cathilda has fully changed. She's wearing seven-
league boots, a black dress, she looks like a widow in mourning in like a
black dress with a high white collar and a black tricorn hat.

Adaine: Oh, I'm so sorry, we've been so rude. This is our friend Cathilda the
Black.

Brennan: You see James looks at her and says,

Whitclaw: Huh, Cathilda the Black, eh? Well then, she's still no captain. I
hear she's nothing more than a maid.

Brennan: You see she goes,

Cathilda: (laughs) Right you are, James, that's right, I'm a maid, and as
such, I can tell you that I've got all the breadcrumbs ready and all the
spices and seasonings and a nice lemon wedge for when I turn your fucking face
into a plate of calamari. It's gonna taste delicious going down. And I'm gonna
keep you alive to watch it, I'm gonna feed it to you, 'cause it's not healthy
just to be eating brains, James, and I care about your health and your
wellbeing.

Gorgug: And I'm gonna kick your ass.

(all laugh)

Brennan: You see Captain James looks over and goes, and I'm gonna make a
little roll for him, he's shaken by what Cathilda said. You see he says,

Whitclaw: Well then. If it's a fight you want, it's a fight you'll get. But
you know, I'm not the only enemy that you've made here in this place. I'm not
the only enemy that you've made in the wide world beyond, so you'll have to
forgive me if I don't fight fair.

Brennan: Everyone here make a Perception check.

Ally: Oh no.

(dice clattering)

Siobhan: 19.

Ally: 21.

Emily: 17.

Zac: 10.

Brennan: Did anyone beat a 20?

Ally: (raises hand) 21.

Brennan: You see a scrying sensor like you saw before up in the Ruction
looking down at you.

Zac: Where's Garthy?

Brennan: A moment afterwards, James says,

Whitclaw: A fight then with the soul of the city of Leviathan. And maybe a
fight more than just that, but I'll only be fighting on one front. You'll have
to be fighting on two.

Brennan: Three beautiful elves in long flowing robes appear before you. You
see them surrounded by motes of silvery white light as they appear in the
Ruction. One of them has a small will-o'-wisp in their ear. And you see that
they raise a hand, look directly at Adaine and say,

Elf: (British) We found the Oracle, we'll be returning with her shortly.

Adaine: Oh, I don't think so.

Brennan: I'm gonna need everybody here to roll initiative. Gang, that's gonna
be all for this week.

Ally: Whoa!

Cast: No!

Brennan: On "Dimension 20 Live"! Tune in next week for the Row & the Ruction
in the pirate city of Leviathan. Captain James Whitclaw and (Elf accent) some
friends from the elven nation of Fallinel, doing a classic shift to battle
sign off. We have two more weeks of shows in December, and then we'll take a
little break through the New Year, but we'll be back in January. Thanks for
watching, check us out on Dropout, and we'll see you guys next week, 7 p.m.
Pacific, bye-bye.

Siobhan: I wanna play now!

(all clapping)

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 8: The Row and the
Ruction](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTLy_Gp6_tXtMV8pzl0YiIHzd1TXBvOJq9zY9C7g5w4hbzbr8cXzU2gKDT8S0UL8KQJiwxcRvPSX_Oz/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650527734495&usg=AOvVaw2uJY63up6Dx8p0Gvt3RQVy)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: gluegunshots

Edited by: gluegunshots, tevildo, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjowWcSuywbki-D-9Bx8okPSqtq4YeDMFzBteb4OBixqpia3JfZxKUe3AZdscwn0YRBRcWlkpIi-
s-nxnWJg:0)

Episode 8: The Row and the Ruction

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak  

Episode 8: The Row and the Ruction

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSSfLbfk1_LK9uqtXaY46NGToqevmqkdIZiN1SbZOVpkN1XFo0duIwTKS4-Gs83A5N8l0pw2LQUQNmD/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650532425862&usg=AOvVaw2ukJX9xUDSd03z1B2x7VNf)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRkvPA_Q_tE33L9sSWQcu99zinpbZtXIFmG5tY84TMefw83-rK83DL3uos21R_YAREYi4P6M_YhVHcZ/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650532426426&usg=AOvVaw381INSlvdE6eVcC__kXvQ9)]
>

Brennan: Good God! Hello, and welcome back to "Dimension 20 Live! Presents
Fantasy High Sophomore Year." I'm your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee
Mulligan. With me, as always are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh gosh, it's so good to be back. A couple of announcements up here
at the top of the show before we begin. Number one, we got a bunch of merch
for you guys to check out! Fun merchandise stuff! And if you put in the code
"NAT20," you'll get 20% off your order off the Dropout store. We got a bunch
of fun new stuff, we have two new fun D20 Live shirts this week. We have
Boggy's backpack. Little Boggy's backpack stuff! And we also have one from our
good friend Ragh Barkrock. We have new shirts that say his catchphrase, or one
of his catchphrases, “Check it out, I'm gay!” So you can go and buy that in
the Dropout store. You can also sign up for Dropout for 69% off your first
month—

Siobhan: Nice! Wicked nice!

Brennan: With code "NICE."

Siobhan: Nice!

Ally: Wait, really?

Brennan: Put in the code "NICE” and you will get 69% off.

Lou: Is that a reference to--

Brennan: It's a reference to sixty-nining which is a sexual act performed--

Ally: By the Beatles. (laughs)

Siobhan: It was invented by the Beatles in 1969 and that's why it's called
that.

Brennan: [disbelieving] Ally, is that a reference to the song, "When I'm 64?"

Ally: No no no no no. (laughing)

Murph: Don’t try to read into it.

Brennan: It's a reference to nothing, we have to move on!

Lou: I’m sorry, I didn't mean—

Brennan: Wonderful. Last we left off, our intrepid heroes, they were deep in
the pirate city of Leviathan. They are on their sophomore year quest to
retrieve the crown of the Nightmare King, having gotten a bunch of new
information from the Compass Points library and its headmistress Ayda Aguefort
who was befriended here in the city of Leviathan. However, Captain James
Whitclaw, the Captain of the Crimson Claw, has seized the crown of the Pirate
King, burnt the Ramble to the ground, and has headed off to the Row and the
Ruction, which is the bicameral legislature, slash bar brawl of Leviathan. Our
intrepid heroes now face off against Captain James here in the Row and the
Ruction, and with that we will dive right in to our game. I'm gonna go ahead
and begin to describe, just so we all have it clear in our head, the layout of
the events that now lay before you.

[adventurous music changes to something dark and mysterious]

Brennan: Ahead of you, you see a massive wooden warehouse, sputtering torches.
It is a sort of ramshackle place, but it's been reinforced time and time again
from all the smashing of chairs, and various bar shenanigans that have gone on
here. Torches sputter not only on the wall but in the many posts that hold up
the structure throughout. There is a 60 foot by 60 foot square in the middle
that is the technical home of the Row, which is the giant fist fight on the
ground. This is a fist fight that's been going on for a hundred and fifty
years without end. The back walls are filled with bars and stools and seats,
so that people that have been fist fighting can come and get a drink and relax
for a little bit before they go back into the brawl, but again, that 60 foot
by 60 foot square is in the center. Sort of an arena layout almost, and then
above it, 15 feet above it, suspended from the various posts, is a whole bunch
of rigging and netting. This rigging has various planks and barrels and wooden
debris gathered throughout as well as the weapons of people that have died
there. The basic idea being, if enough of your crew goes into the Row to begin
to create a space that you're kind of holding, it gives enough time for people
to shimmy up into the Ruction and begin fighting up there, and the Ruction,
you are allowed to fight with swords and other forms of weaponry and that sort
of being the higher house where decision making happens. All of this stuff
again, these ‘rules’ that I'm describing, are not so much, to borrow the
phrase, not so much rules as guidelines, but fundamentally.

Ally: So crazy how drunk you are right now.

Brennan: I am so blasted!

Ally: (crosstalk) Rum drunk.

Brennan: No, that is incorrect. I've never had a drink.

Emily: Guidelines.

Brennan: The idea again being, that this is the way that decisions are made
informally here. Right now there is nobody in the Ruction, that upper ring,
except for the three elves from Fallinel that have appeared here. They look
completely serene, filled with magical energy. These are clearly some wizards
and you see roaring to life in front of one of them is a large size air
elemental that appears to be conjured by them. You see the fight in front of
you, other sort of bystanders against the walls. Much of James's crew is sort
of already waiting to go into the Row. He's standing right in front of you
guys who are in the doorway. You're in this large double doors. Like, 15 foot
wide door basically, at the entrance of the building, and he is standing in
between you guys and the edge of the road nearest to you. We are going to jump
into initiative.

Emily: What are? Will you remind us our initiatives?

Brennan: Your initiatives? Sure. I'm not gonna tell you where your enemies are
going. You'll find that out as we go, but the order of the PCs is--

Siobhan: Brennan, won’t you tell us one of your secrets? How do you win this
fight?

Emily: (crosstalk) How many hit points does James Whitclaw have?

Brennan: I shan't! Fabian, Fig, Gorgug, Adaine, Riz, and Kristen.

Siobhan: Oh, I have a question about this place. No weapons. (hopefully)
Magic?

Brennan: Again, it seems that the only way these rules are enforced is people
will get mad if you break them, and will try--

Siobhan: Right, so I will never break any of the rules! Fantastic.

Brennan: If the pirates see you using magic or weaponry in the Row they're
going to gang up and use force to try to stop you.

Siobhan: So magic counts as?

Brennan: By the way, that's also how laws work in our real world.

Siobhan: Break any laws you want, as long as you don't get caught. That's the
Brennan Lee Mulligan way. (peace sign)

Brennan: I'm just saying that all laws are actually just structured threats.

Lou: Sounding more and more like Captain Jack Sparrow by the minute.

Siobhan: So magic counts as weapons?

Brennan: Yes, correct.

Siobhan: In the law of the Row.

Brennan: Correct, absolutely.

Siobhan: The Captain Whitclaw is between us in the Row, or we are between, in
front of the door?

Brennan: He is between you. So you guys are standing in the doorway, like you
just barged into the town saloon and then he is standing literally like 10
feet in front of you guys with his pirates flanking him to each side. He's got
about eight people with him that have come to menace you guys in the door
while the rest of his crew is preparing to charge into the Row basically, and
you see that he's got one hand on his crystal saber and the other, he's got
another hand holding the crown of the Pirate King, which he holds in his left
hand. We're gonna go ahead, and before we get started, the actual highest roll
here with a 23 was Fabian Aramais Seacaster. Fabian.

Zac: Nice, Fabian!

Siobhan: We believe in you, man.

Brennan: We're gonna cover some mechanical issues that we discussed last time.
You have two levels of exhaustion--

Lou: Yep.

Brennan: which means that your movement is halved—

Lou: Aw, sick.

Brennan: And you have disadvantage on all ability checks.

Lou: All of ‘em?

Brennan: That does not include saving throws or attack rolls. Those will be
rolled normally, but on ability checks, yes. We're also going to go over
something that we discussed outside of game that we felt was appropriate for
your character, which was you have elected to lose the Champion subclass and
in fact, all class features.

Siobhan: What?

Murph: Whoa.

Brennan: We begin combat.

Siobhan: What?

Ally: (much louder) What?

Emily: What about Second Wind?

Fabian’s character card appears onscreen. It now reads simply “Half-elf
Fighter”, and his character art is eyepatch-less and sad.

Brennan: What about it?

Emily: Gone?

Murph: No, that's a fighter thing, right? Or is he just not a fighter anymore?

Brennan: Oh no, no, no. The subclass Champion is gone and with it all class
features.

Siobhan: You're just an NPC?

Brennan: You keep your proficiency bonus. You keep your hit points.

Ally: Wow!

Murph: It's a rebuilding phase. He's rebuilding.

Zac: You're a hireling!

Ally: Sometimes you can't feel your own potential.

Siobhan: This is not the time to have an existential crisis!

Emily: I love it! I love it! Woo!

Fabian: I wanted to leave the city! You all wanted to fight!

Brennan: We all know those times that are great for existential crises. This
is not one of them, but when is? Fabian, you are first to act. You are the one
most directly in front of Captain Whitclaw who [screeches] gets ready to
charge into battle with you.

Lou: I look down, see the Sword of the Seacasters’ been planted at my feet by
Gorgug, but then I look up, and can I make a Perception check for Chungledown
Bim?

Brennan: Please make a Perception check. You will do this with disadvantage.

Murph: Oh no.

Lou: Great, here we go. That's gonna be a five.

Murph: (laughing) Chungledown Bim!

Brennan: You don't see Chungledown anywhere.

Lou: Honestly, a good thing. I'm going to grab the sword, look to Cathilda,
and say,  

Fabian: What do I do?

Brennan: She looks at you. Cathilda, wearing her widow's pirate uniform, has
two dark steel sabers, like scimitar-type swords in her hand. Goes,

Cathilda: You fight boy! You fight now!

Lou: I would like to… If I move backwards, will I take an attack of
opportunity?

Brennan: You will not if you move back.

Lou: Great. I'm gonna take, I look and go

Fabian: (nervously) Okay,

Lou: And I'm gonna take 10 feet back and then fire my hand crossbow.

Brennan: Copy that. Go ahead and take your attack. This is on Captain Jim?

Lou: Yes. That's, it's still plus 8, so 14.

Brennan: 14 does not hit. That is your attack. [mimics crossbow] Hand crossbow
fires off. We now are going to move to, one of the elves is going to act.

Murph: You’ve only got one attack now, 'cause you're not a fighter?

Lou nods.

Zac: Oh my God.

Murph: Yikes!

Siobhan: Yikes!

Emily: You are wild, I love you!

(whole group laughs)

Emily: Can't get over this!

Zac: This is so cool.

Emily: I know. Who knew it'd be cool to be?

Zac: Stupid.

Ally: The worst.

Lou: I'm so weak. (crosses his arms coolly over his chest) It's kind of my
thing. You know? I'm kind of tortured.

Siobhan: You’re gonna get your brain eaten!

Lou: Yeah, well okay.

Gorgug: We're not gonna let his brain get eaten!

Adaine: You're right! Friends don't let friends get their brain eaten by their
father's mortal enemies.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Meanwhile, I'm like hiding in the rafters.

Riz: Fabian no! Don't be a coward!

Zac: Spider-manning.

Brennan: Incredible. You see one of the elves basically rears up and creates a
shimmering globe around themselves and the other elves that are with them. As
they do that you see that the giant air elemental that they appear to be
commanding surges forward. As it does so, you see, I'm going to need everybody
in a certain radius to make some attack rolls. Sorry, some saving throws. I'm
gonna need Gorgug, Fig, and Adaine, to all go ahead and make for me if you
would, a DC13 strength saving throw.

Emily: Oh dear.

Siobhan: Minus 1 to strength, so that’s good.

Zac: Not in a rage yet right?

Brennan: You are not in a rage.

Emily: Oh, I need a good roll.

Siobhan: Oh, I got a 15.

Emily: Oh, got a 19, dirty 20, baby!

Zac: I got 11.

Murph: Whoa, good.

Lou: Everybody did okay.

Brennan: Incredible.

Zac: You said DC-13?

Brennan: DC-13. You got an 11?

Zac: 11.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second. Gorgug, you take 15 points of damage and
you are flung 20 feet to the left and you take another 3 points of damage as
that happens. Everyone else takes only 7 points of damage. Fig and Adaine take
seven points of damage, and you are not flung away and knocked prone. Gorgug,
you are prone as well. That's going to be...

Emily: That was from air elemental, or is that another?

Brennan: Air elemental lands and (whoosh) spins into a vortex and starts try
to hurl all of you in various directions but Sandra Lynn, Adaine, and Fig, are
not hurled. Gorgug is tossed 20 feet to the left.

Gorgug: Ahh!

Brennan: Incredible. Fig, that is going to be you.

Emily: Okay, all the elves are together under a little bubble, right?

Brennan: That's correct.

Emily: And the spell Shatter could potentially. I used Shatter to break into
that jewelry store so can I use Shatter on a surface?

Brennan: You can use, Shatter is an area of effect spell, correct?

Emily: Yeah, but I guess what I'm saying, like what I wanna do is I want to
shatter the ground under their feet so they fall into the fighting pit.

Brennan: They are-- Cool. Try to shatter the planks and stuff?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Absolutely. Awesome. Go ahead and let me just see one thing real
quick.

Zac: If this is what I think it is, I think that could work.

Emily: It's the Globe of Invulnerability. That's what I was thinking too.

Brennan: You throw your Shatter and the globe repels it. [makes zapping noise]

Emily: (whines) I hate it!

Brennan: Any movement.

Emily: Any movement? No, but I'll use bonus action to put a Hexblade curse on
Whitclaw just in case Fabian needs me.

Brennan: Copy that. You throw your Hexblade curse on him. He doesn't get any
saves from that, does he?

Emily: No.

Brennan: Cool, cool. Cool. That's going to.

Emily: So their globe like goes under the plank as well. I was thinking the
globe would just go this way.

Brennan: No, it fully covers a 10 foot radius.

Emily: Nevermind.

Brennan: Awesome. You guys see that these pirates charge. That's going to be
one, two.

Siobhan: Globe of Invulnerability is only against spells though right? You can
hit them with weapon attacks?

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: You can walk through it I think.

Emily: You can walk through it. So I thought maybe.

Murph: I don't know if you can, can you...? Our characters wouldn’t—

Zac: (crosstalk) Our characters wouldn’t know, yeah.

Emily: (crosstalk) (making a circle with her fingers) I guess I wasn't
thinking globe.

Siobhan: (crosstalk )They might, they’ve been at school for a year.

Murph: Maybe you can do an Arcana check or something.

Emily: I was thinking maybe it was just over the thing and I could do it under
them,

Murph: (to Siobhan) You’re the only character that would know, I think.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: But I didn't realize it was a circle.

Siobhan: Yeah, it's like a full globe.

Emily: That’s where I was wrong.

Brennan: Okay, we're gonna have Fig, even with this air elemental around you,
four pirates run up to take attacks on you from James's crew. As they rush
up...

Emily: Yes, because they recognize I've got some power here. Threatened.

Brennan: Armor class 16. That's a good armor class to now have.

Zac: You have 16?

Emily: Yep, because I took that level of warlock. Hexblade warlock so

I could have a shield.

Zac: Oh.

Brennan: (rolling several times) That's going to be...

Emily: I'm gonna Shield.

Brennan: You Shield?

Emily: Shield.

Brennan: Awesome. Only one of these attacks is going to move through to hit
you. It deals 7 points of damage to Fig. What are you at?

Emily: I am at 41.

Brennan: Awesome. One of them runs up, takes some swings.

Emily: You know what? I'm also gonna Hellish Rebuke that guy. Oh wait no, I
already used my reaction with Shield. Nevermind, I'm not going to.

Brennan: You use your reaction with Shield. One of them takes some swings at
Cathilda. She parries the blade out of the way. These guys are now gonna take
some swings on Gorgug who is prone so they're gonna get advantage on these.

Zac: Do I? I was flung pretty far, I think.

Brennan: No, you were flung, hit, and now you're prone, and they're gonna take
advantage on their swings on you.

Zac: Sucks.

Murph: Do people have area of effect stuff?

Zac: I do.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: I do. Yeah. I have one.

Murph: Because I can only hit one person as a time for a lot of damage. That's
kind of not great for me to go after the pirates but these guys are gonna
whittle us down if they stick around.

Siobhan: Yeah, I don't have that many.

Emily: I was thinking I could break the elves' concentration and get rid of
the air elemental, but again.

Brennan: That's gonna be nine, 14, 21, 25. 38 points of damage to Gorgug.

Zac: That's not half, because I'm not in a rage.

Brennan: That's not half, because you're not in a rage.

Zac: 38?

Brennan: 38. What's Gorgug at?

Zac: Now, I had 94. So I'm at 56?

Brennan: That is correct.

Murph: That makes sense, yeah.

Zac: Sheesh.

Siobhan: Wow.

Brennan: Pow, pow, pow, pow! As they all rain blows down.

Gorgug: Let me get mad real quick!

Brennan: (laughs) Incredible. These guys got very good initiatives. I am sorry
to say.

Ally: No, you're not.

Siobhan: Are you sorry? Are you really sorry?

Ally: No, you're frickin' not.

Siobhan: A little eyebrow twitch.

Brennan: You see.

Lou: A classic tell.

Brennan: Tracker, snarls and says,

Tracker: All right, I got you.

Brennan: Reaches in to begin to create this bubble of twilight around all of
you. The most serene looking, youngest of the elves, this young Elven maiden
with long brown braided hair in a white gown reaches up and Tracker vanishes.

Siobhan: What?

Zac: She was.

Murph: She banished her?

Zac: Banished?

Siobhan: Can you roll to get out of banishment? I don't think you can, right?
I think it lasts for a minute.

Murph: Or break her concentration.

Emily: Yeah, I was gonna say.

Siobhan: Oh, break her concentration. I think that you're the only one that
has a ranged weapon. I think you're the only one that can do it.

Zac: I have a hand ax but it's probably not.

Ally: How far away are they, in feet you would say?

Brennan: These guys from you? I would say, from you, they're about one, two,
three, four, five, six. These guys are about 50 feet away from you guys and
then up about 15 feet. Gorgug, that's gonna be you.

Zac: I go into a rage.

(all laugh)

Zac: I want to yell to Gilear.

Gorgug: Gilear!

Gilear: (strained) Yes?

Gorgug: Get in the van and get Garthy.

Gilear: Very well! I shall abscond at once to collect Garthy O'Brien. You sure
you don't need my help here?

Gorgug: You are so great…

Fig: Gilear, stay safe!

Gorgug: I think that'd be a great asset if you would get somewhere.

Emily: Why haven't we got him some armor?

Murph: That would just encourage us to bring him into battle. He needs to
leave.

Zac: Then I, Gorgug will stand. I don't get hit right if I stand?

Brennan: No, you can stand up, and not trigger an attack of opportunity.

Zac: How many pirates are around me?

Brennan: There's three of them around you that are wailing on you.

Zac: I'm trying to decide if it makes sense to. Okay, so to get to the second
level, you would have to jump up there or be lifted?

Brennan: Jump or climb one of the posts into the Ruction.

Zac: Okay, I will... (sigh) How many pirates are there total on his squad?

Brennan: It looks like he's cordoned off about eight just to fight you guys.
The rest are going to try to clear a path through the Row. When these ones
rushed you, the whole rest of his crew, “Yaaargh”, started rushing into the
Row. Left their weapons at their side and just started beating the hell out of
pirates in the Row.

Zac: Does it makes sense to go for the elves immediately?

Siobhan: I mean if you can get to them.

Murph: If you can get up there, yeah.

Zac: I think I might have to just.

Siobhan: You are surrounded by guys.

Zac: I wanna take an attack on these pirates in front of me, just to see if I
can get to it.

Murph: You have two attacks right?

Zac: Yeah, yeah. I'm just gonna take an attack.

Murph: (offscreen, crosstalk) Yeah, so you could mow through ‘em a little bit.

Zac: I'll take an attack on the pirate right in front of me.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: That would be 23.

Brennan: Definitely hits.

Zac: First attack, and then the second attack is 24.

Brennan: Yep, hits.

Zac: First attack would be 16 damage.

Brennan: He's messed up right away.

Zac: Second hit is, 14 damage.

Brennan: You rise up from prone. These guys all trying to stab you on the
ground, and suddenly as you stand up, you put your headphones on, and all of a
sudden,

(metal music)

Pirates: Yar, what be this blasted devilry!

Gorgug: Um, it's a pretty sick playlist. (axe swing)

Brennan: Hwah! Decapitated! Flies back.

Zac: I'm in a frenzy!

Emily: Can I steal his soul?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely can.

Zac: I'm gonna frenzy. Then I'm gonna take one more attack. Another 23 to hit,

Brennan: That’s gonna hit for sure.

Zac: And then this one, frenzy's the same amount of damage as the regular?

Brennan: Yeah regular attack.

Zac: That's just 10.

Brennan: Okay, cool. You do 10 points of damage. That guy's badly injured, and
any other movement or ability, that's your action and bonus action. Are you
gonna stay planted where you are, or?

Zac: If I could, without taking a disengage, be closer, to the rest of the
group? Well… Maybe I'll stay over here to be a little more spread out.

Brennan: For sure. Cool, cool, cool. Awesome. That is your turn. You see,
okay. I am going to need a saving throw. Okay, I'm going to need a...

Lou: (having been headbanging for some time) This is wild music.

Brennan: I know, this is--

Zac: Only I am listening.

Adaine: No, we're all listening to it. We can all hear it through your
headphones

Gorgug: You can hear my headphones?

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Constitution saving throw from Adaine.

Siobhan: Haven't even gone yet. 9.

Murph: Fuck.

Siobhan: Can I have Boggy help me? No, it's not even my turn yet, so he can't
have chosen to do it.

(music changes to a different metal song)

Brennan: Not even your turn yet. Hold on one second.

Lou: Sick playlist. (nodding his head to the beat)

Brennan: Cool. (smiles down at his laptop)

Lou: Stop smiling like that! Put that smile away.

Brennan: Oh, I love this spell. You see that an elf dressed in black robes,
porcelain skin, jet black hair, covering one eye, gestures to you and says,

ElFabian:  Oracle, heed the call of the Earth.

Brennan: And you feel your flesh begin to harden as you feel yourself begin to
turn to stone.

Siobhan: Counterspell.

Brennan: Okay, this is a sixth level spell.

Siobhan: Yeah!

Brennan: This just means you're gonna have to roll.

Emily: Good vibes, good vibes.

Murph: You gotta beat a 16.

Siobhan: I gotta beat a 16. Then it's my spell attack bonus?

Ally: Roll in the box.

Siobhan: Just my intelligence. Intelligence saving throw or just check?

Lou: Roll it.

Siobhan: Urgh, 12.

Brennan: You feel your flesh begin to harden.

Siobhan: Fuck! Ahh, it's my final third level spell. What a waste. Used Dispel
Magic to turn you back from a parrot last week.

Emily: (laughs) I forgot! We had a wrap-up after that.

Siobhan: It was fun. No, we didn't.

Brennan: You are not out of it yet. You are just restrained. You are slowly
being turned into stone.

Siobhan: I can maybe still do stuff this turn.

Brennan: That is right. I'm gonna read the spell. If the target's body is made
of flesh the creature must make a Constitution saving throw. On a failed save
it is restrained as its flesh begins to harden. A creature spell must make
another Constitution saving throw at the end of each of its turns. If it
successfully saves against this spell three times, the spell ends. If it fails
at save three times, it is turned to stone and petrified. So it's like a death
save scenario. Very, very...

Siobhan: Cool.

Murph: So you can't really be frozen until after three rounds.

Siobhan: No, but I can get Boggy to get me the help actio on those saving
throws. So I’ll do that.

Emily: At the very least, getting these, this is yet another elf that we can
get those guys fucked up.

Brennan: That is now going to be. Yeah, these guys are. As I said, about 50
feet away from you and about 15 feet up. That is going to be. Ooh, these are
now going to be your guys' allies. Then we'll just start to go.

Zac: Wait, that's just. Okay, we got a couple.

Brennan: You guys do have a couple. As you guys begin to. Do you guys see--
Gorgug, you're there rocking out. However, the first person to act as your
guys' hirelings go, is of course going to be Cathilda the Black. Cathilda is
going to rush up. She's going to take a bonus action disengage. Move away from
the person that she's with right now and she is going to advance on Captain
Jim.

(pirate music)

Cathilda’s character card reads “Cathilda the Black, Pirate Widow”, and she is
dressed in all-black Victorian-looking pirate gear.

Zac: Oh yeah.

Lou: Come on Cathilda!

Brennan: Jim successfully avoids two of those attacks by throwing a Shield
spell up in front of himself, but on a nat 20 Cathilda does score a hit and
James is going to take—

Fabian: That's my maid.

Brennan: You see Cathilda rushes up. You see Captain James goes,

Whitclaw: Ho there, Cathilda the Black, you—

Brennan: You see she goes,

Cathilda: Time for talk's over.

Brennan: and slices one of his tentacles off. It hits the deck. Then it's
going to be...

Ally: Can I grill him really quick? With an herb butter?

Siobhan: Olive oil, lemon juice.

Emily: I'm gonna dredge it in some bread crumbs.

Ally: Let's do it.

Zac: Maybe like a little mayo based.

Siobhan: Almost like a lemon mayo.

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: We'll fight off enemies while you guys cook that up.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn fires two arrows into one of the pirates. Looks at
Gorgug, and is going to use a bonus action ability called Battle Command, and
goes,

Sandra Lynn: Gorgug, he's— look at his guard!

Brennan: And the guy you already hit, you can if you wish, use your reaction,
to take another swing at this guy.

Zac: Yeah, I wish.

Lou: He does indeed wish.

Zac: Just one more swing?

Brennan: One more swing.

Zac: That hits. 23.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: 23, it's the number of the night!

Ally: 23!

Zac: (rolls) That’s cocked. (rolls) 12.

Brennan: Ok, he is badly injured, the guy next to you now.

Gorgug: Just die!

Brennan: Just die! That's Cathilda. Tracker is gone. Gilear rushes out of the
space towards the van.

Fig: Go! Run towards destiny!

Gilear’s character card shows on screen. It reads “Gilear Faeth, Former
Intern”. He continues to have 5 AC and 10 HP.

Brennan: Ragh is going to leap forward. He's gonna take some swings here.
Let's see how he can do here. Ragh also scores a critical hit and finishes the
pirate you started on.

Ragh: Hoot! Growl! Roar! (stabs)

Gorgug: Nice.

Brennan: You see he headbutts you really quick.

Gorgug: Ow.

Ragh: Sorry dude, I'm in it. I'm in it right now!

Gorgug: No, it’s awesome.

Brennan: That is going to move on to now be Captain James's turn. Ok. I am
going to need, (quick breath in) ooh baby.

Lou: Just don't want it. I like my brain.

Brennan: I am going to need Intelligence saving throws from Gorgug.

Zac: No.

Brennan: Kristen.

Ally: No!

Brennan: Fabian.

Lou: What?

Brennan: Adaine.

Siobhan: No!

Lou: Is this my— Oh.

Brennan: And basically everybody but Riz.

Fabian: I think it's the thing that killed everybody! Er..

Murph: Oh, the weird blast thing? That’s bad.

Siobhan: Oh no, the psychic blast.

Murph: Man, every round I just think, wow, we gotta get rid of this guy, but
about everyone.

Siobhan: I got a 13.

Emily: 12.

Zac: Well, I rolled a three, and I have negative one, so I got two.

Ally: What was the DC?

Brennan: (pointing to Zac) Three. What did you roll?

Ally: 11.

Brennan: Everybody fails.

Ally: Okay wait. I can use Human Determination to re-roll for advantage.

Brennan: Go ahead and re-roll.

Ally: 14.

Brennan: Ok, Hold on one second. Let me roll for your guys' allies.

Lou: Do we get resistance to all damage? Do I have resistance to all damage?

Murph: You do, yeah.

Lou: Okay.

Emily: Why do you have resistance to all damage?

Lou: Warding Bond.

Murph: You basically just split the damage.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn makes a save. Cathilda makes her save as well. I’m gonna
roll for… He's shredding his own pirates right now.

Murph: Rude.

Lou: So rude.

Riz: Classic, classic bad guy behavior.

Lou: Classic bad guy.

Riz: This is classic bad guy—

Murph: Riz says that really loud.

Ally: Even though you’re hiding? He's like, wait, you too! (mimics Captain
James’ blast)

Murph: Classic bad guy behavior. It hits like the rafters, yeah. Weird echo.

Brennan: Three, 12, plus 5.

Siobhan: Did we run away? This is so bad.

Brennan: Everybody takes 17 points of damage.

Ally: Then I take—

Lou: I take, you take an additional. You take half of my damage.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: I’m gettin’ messed up.

Siobhan: I'm already at 35.

Zac: I'm at 39.

Murph: I'm gonna try to get Tracker back, because Tracker's a cleric and
Tracker, it'll be helpful to have two clerics. I'm gonna try to break the
concentration of the lady who banished the Tracker.

Ally: Let's do 8.

Lou: Let's do 8.

Brennan: One second.

Ally: I take 17 plus 8 I think.

Lou: Yes.

Brennan: Also all of you who failed your saves, which is everybody that got
hit by it, you are all stunned.

Murph: God damn it.

Siobhan slams the table.

Zac: Wait, can I be stunned?

Brennan: Double check.

Siobhan: Just not gonna do anything at all?

Murph: You can't be surprised. You could probably be stunned.

Brennan: I believe you can be stunned.

Zac: Ok.

Murph: Rad.

Brennan: That is now going to be, as Captain James steps away from you, you
step away from him, he steps away from you and says,

Whitclaw: Oh, your friends should’ve listened to you on this one, boyo.
(screams)

Brennan: You feel raw hatred course over you. Sandra Lynn looks away at the
last minute. Cathilda stands there and feels pure determination more
powerfully than James can feel hatred and protects herself. James's pirates
are badly injured, but not brought low, and then he moves a full 30 feet. His
arms spread wide walking backwards into the Row and disappears into the fist
fight. That is going to be Adaine. I'm gonna need another Constitution saving
throw and you can make an Intelligence saving throw at the end of your turn to
come out of the stunned effect.

Siobhan: Great, so I'm gonna have Boggy help me on the Constitution saving
throw.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Oo yeah, that's a dirty 20 baby.

Brennan: That is one success.

Siobhan: One save, and then the second one is an Intelligence saving throw to
come out of stunned?

Brennan: That is correct.

Siobhan: Well that's a nat 1.

Murph: Jesus.

Brennan: Oh no. You are fighting the stone as hard as you can, feeling your
head ringing in the midst here of this chaos. That is the end of your turn.
Riz, that's you.

Murph: Alright, can people talk while they're stunned?

Zac: I don't know.

Emily: I don't know. Brennan.

Siobhan: It's not paralyzed, I think you can.

Brennan: You can mumble stuff. You just can't take action or reactions.

Murph: I think I want to ask Adaine,

Riz: Adaine, can I hit those elves in that globe with my gun?

Adaine: I think with your gun. Just not a spell.

Murph: Sweet. I'm going to try to shoot the. I'll come out of hiding. I'm
gonna try to shoot the one who banished Tracker. Do I get advantage if they
haven't seen me? How does that work with hiding and?

Brennan: You do get advantage on this roll. What is the range? It's shortbow
range, right? 60 feet or something like that?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. You're within range.

Murph: Sweet. Shooting the one that's got Tracker. That is an 18.

Brennan: An 18 to hit?

Murph: Yes.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Murph: If this mage has 20AC, I'm gonna leap over the table, and punch you in
the head Brennan.

Brennan: [laughs] 18 does hit.

Murph: Good, good. That's reasonable. Come on now.

Zac: Sneak attack?

Murph: Yep.

Zac: Hell yeah.

Lou: Chop chop.

Everyone: Oh yeah! Oh yeah.

Murph: 25 damage, and then I'm also gonna use Fury-- Oh wait, might have to be
a melee attack for Fury of the Small? I'll look it up next time. I can only
use it once anyway. Just 25 damage.

Brennan: 25 damage. This is for sure a Box of Doom concentration check.

Lou: Yeah!

Brennan: We're gonna go ahead and bring up the Box of Doom to see if Tracker
comes back into the mix. He's on 25 damage. That's 12. We're gonna see here,
this Elven mage needs to roll a 12 or higher to resist.

Murph: I'm also going to look up Fury of the Small, in case. When you damage a
creature with an attack or a spell. Okay, it's just an attack. I'm gonna do an
additional 8 damage to it.

Brennan: Ooh hoo hoo hoo!

Siobhan: That makes it up to 16?

Brennan: 16.

Ally: Nice, Riz!

Siobhan: They’ve gotta roll a 16 or higher.

Brennan: Here we go. Right in the Box of Doom.

Lou: Come on Riz.

Siobhan: Come on Riz.

Brennan: 16.

All: No!

Emily: Oh, get that, wipe that look off your face!

Brennan: That is a, let's shuffle it.

Lou: I wouldn't have trusted you otherwise. I'm not gonna lie. Purely any
other way I would have.

Emily: I did see it. It was double digits, and I got that high feeling from
it.

Brennan: Sorry gang.

Murph: Big yikes.

Lou: Big yikes.

Murph: I shot as my action. Can I see if I can see Captain James?

Brennan: You can see Captain James.

Murph: I can see him?

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: I would like to. Can I try to steal the crown from him?

Brennan: If you can make it to him, yeah.

Murph: What is? How far away is he from me?

Brennan: From you? He's about, let me see. Five, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40.
About 40 feet away from you, and you have to go into the Row. He's like gone
into the fistfight.

Murph: Okay. Hmmm. Okay, I am going to. I'm going to move. I'm gonna follow
him into the fistfight, and then I'm going to bonus action hide, and use
mysmallness to hide amongst the feet of the people. I have 30 speed.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: I get as close as I can and then I'm gonna hide. Not a great roll, but
15.

Brennan: Two, three, four, five, six, 15?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Great. Awesome. I'm gonna roll a Perception check for our boy Jim.
It's a natural 1.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: He did not see you approaching. However, at the end of your turn,
Captain James is going to use a legendary action. He's gonna use a legendary
action and he is going to fire his pistol at Fabian.

Zac: What?

Lou: He's gonna hit me.

Brennan: He hits. 2d8 plus five.

Lou: Oh, no, no.

Brennan: He deals you 10 points of damage (boom!) as he fires a pistol
laughing. That's the end of Riz's turn. Kristen, that's your turn. At the end
of your turn, you can make another Intelligence save and try to come out of

the stunned condition.

Ally: With my muttering, can I cast Spirit Guardians?

Brennan: Nope.

Ally: Then I guess I'll just do an Intelligence.

Brennan: Gotta do an intelligence to try to come out of it.

Ally: Yeah. 14.

Brennan: 14 does not do it. It's gotta beat DC 15.

Ally: Can I cast Bless, or I can't do any of that when I'm stunned? Okay,
never mind. Okay, cool.

Brennan: By the way, that 10 damage dealt to you (Fabian). Five damage.
(points to Kristen) Five.

Ally: He's been doing that.

Brennan: Great. Cool. Great, great, great. You guys have that Warding Bond up.
Fabian, that’s gonna be you. You are stunned. Making me that DC 15
Intelligence saving throw.

Lou: Nat one.

Brennan: Nat one.

Emily: What?

Murph: Dude.

Siobhan: Throw them away.

Zac: Please.

Emily: You need to go out for a nice weekend retreat with your dice and
reconnect.

Lou: That one was special in that I was kind of like—

Siobhan: (crosstalk) I’m gonna wash your dice.

Brennan: At the end of Fabian's turn, as you are going for Captain James, he
vanishes in a swirl of psychic energy and reappears having teleported up to
the Ruction.

Emily: Where is he in relation to the globe of elves?

Brennan: He's a little bit away from them.

Siobhan has taken out a plastic cup of water, stolen Lou’s dice, and dunked
them in there to clean them.

Siobhan: No, no, no.

Lou: (reaching over to interfere with the dice bath) Are you gonna drink this
water?

Murph: He's on the same level as them. He's on the second level. Not the top
level, right?

Siobhan: (to Lou) No! This is your cup. (laughing)

Brennan: That is correct. He's on the second level with them.

Ally: Here we go.

Lou: Here we go.

Ally: They’ve been baptized.

Brennan: It's not three levels. It's just the floor and then the netting 15
feet up.

Murph: Oh, I’m sorry, I’m wrong, I’m wrong.

Lou: (muttering, laughing) Siobhan, now you’re washing my dice.

Brennan: You see Jim uses a legendary action to get up to that upper level.
He's kind of up in a corner and the elves are in the central plank area but
he's up there waiting for his pirates to start shimmying up into the Ruction
with him. That's now going to be, one of the elves again. We're back at the
top of the order.

Lou: I’ll give it to you, that was bad. That was one of the first times I felt
like—

Siobhan: I also rolled a Nat 1 on that exact same roll.

Lou: But you haven't been rolling Nat 1s like I've been rolling Nat 1s.

Zac: You rolled maybe seven Nat 1s in the past three sessions.

Siobhan: In a row.

Lou: Hey everybody at home, how many nat 1s have I rolled? I know you’ve been
counting. In the comments, how many nat 1s?

(Editor’s note: Including the failed save in this episode, Lou has rolled 11
nat 1s since episode 5.)

Emily: I really thought. This is gonna be the episode where it turns around
and the dice come back to Fabian.

Lou: Yes. I like knew that I was gonna have none of the character stuff, or
the class stuff, and I was like, well what if I roll really well and it's kind
of like that kind of coming around and the beginning of it. (shakes his head a
little)

Brennan: The air elemental comes over to a restrained and stunned Adaine.
Grabs you, and begins to, and it flies. This thing's movement is...

Lou: Wow.

Brennan: This thing's movement is 90.

Ally: Is Adaine becoming more and more heavy as stone? Can an air elemental
carry her?

Brennan: (nods in response) This thing is the size of a small truck. It's a
large, large earth (sic) elemental. It grabs Adaine and flies back to the
elves.

Zac: Can anyone get attacks on it?

Brennan: Actually, Fig and Fabian will both get attacks. No, you're stunned.
You're stunned as well.

Emily: I’m stunned as well.

Brennan: So nobody gets attacks. Oh sorry, Cathilda will get attacks, or just
get the one.

Ally: And it'll stop if Cathilda hits, right?

Brennan: Cathilda does not have.

Murph: Sentinel.

Ally: Oh right.

Brennan: Cathilda takes a swing, and does deal some damage to this thing.
Slashes out at it, and it moves up with Adaine, to the Ruction.

Siobhan: That's where I wanted to be anyway, and as soon as I break out of all
of the area, all of the effect spells that are on me, ooh!

Murph: Yo, they’re just gonna teleport away with her.

Emily: I know. That's why I'm like. Focus on the fuckin’ elves!

Brennan: While Adaine is conscious, they cannot. That's important to remember
that while Adaine is conscious, they cannot teleport away.

Ally: You have one save.

Siobhan: I have 35 hit points left. So—

Brennan: As this thing arrives.

Siobhan: Oh, we're so screwed.

Brennan: That is going to be, buh buh buh buh… I'm gonna need dexterity saving
throws from Fig, Fabian, Kristen, and Gorgug.

Ally: Dex save?

Brennan: Dexterity saves, and I believe if you're restrained you're gonna roll
this. Let me double check. Has disadvantage on Dexterity saving throws. You're
gonna roll this with disadvantage.

Zac: I just rolled with advantage because I have--

Brennan: Whatever the first roll was.

Zac: The lower one or the first?

Brennan: Just roll a new one.

Emily: I got a 10.

Lou: Mod 20.

Ally: 16.

Brennan: 16, damn.

Zac: 15.

Emily: 10.

Brennan: 10, 15. Okay. That is quite, good gang.

Lou: Felt good. It felt good, felt good to see two digits on that dice roll.

Brennan: Cool. Who rolled under a 14 for this one? Anybody? Under here-

Emily raises her hand.

Brennan: Cool. Well it's fire damage so you're in luck.

Emily: Ooh! I love fire damage!

[laughter]

Brennan: Seven, 10, 19.

Emily: Stop counting.

Brennan: 19, 29.

Emily: Okay, stop counting.

Brennan: 31. Anyone who saved takes 15 fire damage, so you take another 15, so
that's a full 30 to Kristen. You take 31 halved to 15.

Zac: I have 25 health. I started with 112.

Brennan: Cathilda takes. Uh, hold on.

Emily: I have 9.

Lou: Kristen takes half of 15 plus 15, right? Because I saved. Or half of.

Brennan: But Kristen takes her own 15 as well.

Lou: But then only, half of, I took 15, right?

Ally: So it's like 22 or 23.

Murph: So they’d take 7.

Siobhan: I can't believe you're gonna give a total party kill—

Brennan: Oh, yes yes yes yes, 22, that’s correct. (to Siobhan) What’s that?

Siobhan: Right before Christmas.

Emily: We'll still have one more episode.

Brennan: We've got another episode next week.

Emily: Next week we’ll all roll new characters.

Siobhan: Do we? Do we?

Siobhan: We're all pirates next week and we're just hanging out in the
Leviathan having a nice pirate-y time.

Ally: It’s not looking good, gang.

Brennan: Fig, that is going to be you.

Lou: (crosstalk, to Ally) Can I release you?

Emily: Ok, so since I'm stunned.

Brennan: At the end of your turn, roll an Intelligence saving throw to come
out of the stunned condition.

Ally: (to Lou) If you're more than 60 feet away from me, you’re stopped.

Lou: (to Ally) My top speed is 15.

Emily: Okay, I got a dirty 20.

Brennan: Hell yes.

Emily: Does that save?

Brennan: At the end of your turn.

Emily: Okay, but do I get a bonus action?

Brennan: I'll give you a bonus action.

Lou: Aww, what a sweetie!

Emily: Okay, what can I do with bonus action? Umm, not a lot.

Brennan:You can give Bardic Inspiration if someone’s making saving throws.

Emily: Yeah, I can do that. I guess that's probably better than healing
Gorgug. Yeah, I guess that's all I can do. All I have is a bonus action. I
will just give Adaine Bardic Inspiration.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Fig: Love you girl.

Adaine: Love you.

Brennan: You come out of your stun. Hit a little chord, wink, and Adaine
turning into stone, still stunned, being carried up to the Ruction. That's
going to be a fourth elf. Has to drop their Greater Invisibility, in order to
cast another concentration spell.

Siobhan: No!

Emily: No!

Brennan: A enchanter subclass elf, drops the Greater Invisibility on them,
casting Dominate Person on you, and your father Angwyn Abernant looks you in
the face and says,

Angwyn: It's time to come home, daughter.

In reaction to Angwyn’s name, Lou drops his pencil and gives a big “I don’t
know” shrug.

Brennan: I'm going to need you to...

Emily: You got Bardic inspiration.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yep.

Lou: Ha, cha, cha.

Murph: Isn’t it Charm?

Brennan: This is a Charm condition so you would be rolling advantage. Go ahead
and give-- this is definitely gonna be a Box of Doom roll. You are rolling
with advantage. The difficulty on this, is also going to be 14. This is a
Wisdom saving throw.

Ally: What do you have for wisdom?

Siobhan: Plus six.

Ally: (hopefully) Okay!

Siobhan rolls her save in the Box of Doom. One of them is a 6 and the other is
a 3.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: That’s a—

Emily: Bardic.

Brennan: Bardic. It's a six plus five. What is six plus five?

Siobhan: 11 plus, six is 17.

Brennan: 17.

Siobhan: Give me my dice back.

Brennan: You resist the Dominate Person.

Siobhan: (shouts) Don't tell me what to do!

Adaine: (quietly, since she’s stone) Don't tell me what to do.

Siobhan: My d8 is in there as well.

Brennan: Oh sorry, sorry. Which one was yours?

Siobhan: D8. It was a blue d8 with gold. In the Box of Doom.

Brennan: Oh, in the Box of Doom. Is it still in there? I may have thrown it
into my massive collection of dice.

Siobhan: (angrily) You thief. (normal) I'll take it back at the end.

Brennan: Cool. We'll get that sorted out.

Siobhan: (to Emily) Thank you so much for that Bardic.

Emily: Yeah, for real. I almost just healed Gorgug.

Siobhan: So stupid.

Zac: That'd be freakin' crazy. So hurt.

Emily: Boy, I'd be regretting that.

Brennan: Has Riz used his reaction already or no?

Murph: No.

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Dexterity saving throw from him.

Zac: Do you have Evade?

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Brennan: DC 13, Dexterity saving throw.

Murph: 21.

Brennan: Cool. 6d6 damage. Halved.

Murph: I take no, if I dodge it.

Brennan: You're the perfect person to be in this giant fist fight, as pirates
just. Hah! (imitating punching) You're just. (imitates dodging several times
out of the way of attacks) Dodging all the—

Riz: It's so bad to be in here guys.

Brennan: That's the Row and the Ruction.

Fig: Not going well out here either.

Gorgug: It's bad everywhere.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan sighs loudly, her shoulders dropping.

Lou: What a sigh. Hardy. That was a substantial sigh.

Siobhan: Yep.

Brennan: Okay. Hold on one second. (pause, adventure music) Come out stunned.

Lou: That was good.

Adaine: My dad came to get me. So embarrassing!

Murph: Truly so many elves.

Lou: Nothing worse than getting picked up by your dad.

Murph: So many elves.

Emily: And you snuck out.

Adaine: All my friends are here! God, you're embarrassing me.

Brennan: That is a miss on Gorgug.

Zac: On what?

Murph: Just a billion dudes.

Zac: What's happening?

Murph: Just people everywhere.

Brennan: The pirates are swinging again. Two, three, four, five, six, seven,
eight. 11, 15, 16, 24, 35, plus 16, 41.

Lou is making pained reaction noises as Brennan counts.

Brennan: Halved to 20 damage to Gorgug. You are stunned, and these guys all
are getting advantage attacking you.

Zac: I have 5 health.

Lou: Huh?

Murph: Very rad.

Emily: I'm at 9.

Lou: Huh?

Murph: Really trying to get Tracker back. I don't know what else to do.

Emily: I have Healing Word, but.

Ally: I have Prayer of Healing.

Murph: I have a shenanigan idea and I have a just keep attacking the elf and
hope Tracker comes idea.

Lou: Huh?: 9 damage to Fig from an attack.

Emily: Bye-bye. Wait can I? Since it hit me exactly for nine and I had nine,
can I Hellish Rebuke on my way out?

Lou: Huh?: Sure, I'll let you Hellish Rebuke on your way out.

Emily: Yeah, bitch! That's gonna be 14 fire damage.

Brennan: He dies.

Zac: Take him to hell with you girl!

Brennan: He goes, (battle cry) and you see his soul goes,

Pirate: Oh no, no, no!

Brennan: And gets sucked into Hell! On his way out.

Siobhan: Oh, that’s so rad. My friend's a rockstar. (nods excitedly)

Ally: Ask Fabian's dad what we should do up here?

Emily: Yeah, when I’m in Hell, can I talk to Fabian's dad?

Murph: (laughing) You’re not dead!

Brennan: Cathilda takes 14 points of damage getting slashed by one of the
pirates in front of her. That is going to be...

Zac: This is, uh—

Lou: It's a rough,

Zac: This is bad.

Siobhan: This is really bad.

Lou: Straight up bad. This is bad.

Siobhan: This is really bad.

Emily: The whole time I was like, okay, okay, I know James Whitclaw's gonna be
the president or whatever, but I really don't wanna lose Adaine.

Murph: The president of pirates.

Zac: I don't like his platform.

Siobhan: It's a fixed term though, so after eight years, he's not the
president of pirates anymore. He'll respect that. He will. I believe it.

Ally: He will. That's how it works.

Siobhan: He respects the office.

Brennan: The extremely young childlike white gowned elf, looks at you and
says,

Elf: (soft, high-pitched) You're the Elven Oracle, no? You made a prediction
at the beginning of this fight. Do you remember what it was?

Adaine: Yeah, that your ass would be on my fuckin' knee because I'm gonna kick
your ass.

Elf: Why, because you're going to kick me with your knee?

Riz: She's gonna knee you in the ass!

Brennan: Go ahead.

Siobhan: I don’t remember what my prediction was at all, except that we're
gonna die!

Brennan: Go ahead and give me another Wisdom saving throw.

Siobhan: Rad.

Brennan: This is also going to be Box of Doom. The DC for this one is 15.

Siobhan: Is this another Charm?

Brennan: It's another Charm.

Siobhan: Okay, so I do at least have advantage.

Zac: Is the one? That's the one that did the spell to Tracker, right?

Ally: Oh yeah, is that concentration on Banishment?

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Lou: Got you.

Siobhan: Yeah, gotcha.

Brennan: This one is not concentration.

Siobhan: No!

Lou: Didn't getcha.

Brennan winks at the table as he’s taking out the Box of Doom.

Lou: Don't wink at us.

Zac: Don't wink at me!

Murph: We'll knee your ass dude.

Siobhan makes her Box of Doom roll. One is a 10 and the other is a 17.

Siobhan: Yeah! All right, yeah, no. That's like a 23. 23! All right.

Brennan: Cool. That one doesn't work either.

Emily: (laughing) Yeah, waste those spell slots.

Adaine: My mind is strong, because I'm on a lot of medication. That's cool.

Zac: Gosh. I’m still stunned.

Ally: Me too.

Siobhan: Me too.

Lou: At the end of your turn?

Emily: If it makes you feel any better, I'm just dead.

Ally: It does.

Zac: Honestly, no.

(laughing)

Brennan: Gorgug, that's gonna be you.

Emily: I guess I am gonna roll a nat 20.

Zac: Let's get out of this stun, baby. Come on, girl.

Lou: Come on, girl! Come on, boy!

Ally: Come on, girl!

Lou: Yee haw!

Zac: I think so.

Ally: (pointing around the table) Stunned, stunned, stunned, stunned, dead.
Turning to stone.

Zac: What do I need to roll?

Brennan: 15.

Zac: (slams the table) 12.

Brennan: Cathilda is going to give you an immediate re-roll on that as her
reaction.

Murph: Please.

Lou: Come on girl.

Zac: 18!

Everyone: Yeah!

Brennan: 18. You see that Cathilda turns around. You're there getting pummeled
and you're at such low hit points. She turns around and says,

Cathilda: (yelling, legitimately intimidating) Snap out of it! Now's not the
time for lollygagging.

Gorgug: (pained) Ahh!

(laughter)

Brennan: You snap out of stun at the end of your turn.

Lou: That's a crazy interaction.

Ally: Someone screaming at you. Ahh!

Zac: Even though it's not my turn, can I try to Intimidate the pirates?

Brennan: Yeah, give me Intimidate check. Let me know. This is a DC-25.

Zac: Great. Nat 1.

Brennan: They seem more excited about killing you now if anything.

Gorgug: Aaah!

Murph: Your voice cracked, It's super high! At first Riz thought he screamed
because it was so loud.

Riz: What was that? What was that? Did I yell?

Fabian: I'm not. Am I screaming?

Kristen: Am I screaming?

Siobhan grabs a plastic cup of water and takes a drink.

Riz: It didn’t sound like it could be Gorgug.

Ally: Is that the dice holy water?

Siobhan: Delicious.

Ally: I can't wait to see if it works.

Lou: I mean I rolled a 13. I rolled two 13s post baptism.

Emily: That's better than ones.

Siobhan: Better than ones.

Lou: It is.

Emily: They're coming back to you. They just need a little pampering

Lou: There it is.

Zac: You still have Sending?

Siobhan: I can't do anything until I get this.

Brennan: By the way, you guys see the globe around the elves has vanished.

Lou: When were you gonna tell us that?

Emily: That would have been convenient to know, when I,

Siobhan: Sending takes a minute right? I don't have the card for that.

Lou: Yeah, I know I would have been stunned but I still would have liked to
know.

Emily: I would have probably used my bonus action the same way I did.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Week after week, we're just getting our asses kicked.

Emily: No.

Siobhan: That's only one action.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn drops to the ground.

Emily: At least our hirelings are effective.

Brennan: And heals Fig for 12 hit points. Your mom, (bwoom)

Sandra Lynn: I got you sweetie. Come on!

Brennan: And pulls you up to your feet.

Fig: Did you see when I dragged that guy to hell with me?

Sandra Lynn: Horrifying. You're wonderful.

Brennan: See, she heals you. Cathilda is gonna swing at these guys here.

Zac: Hellish Rebuke is so good against the little guys.

Brennan: Two of those hit.

Emily: I can't do it again though. It's a tiefling thing.

Siobhan: You wouldn't understand.

Murph: It’s a tiefling thing.

Brennan: Cathilda dices one of the guys in front of her. There's only four
pirates left fighting you guys still.

Zac: How many of them are on me?

Brennan: Two of them were on you at the same time.

Zac: We killed two that were near me though.

Brennan: Correct.

Ally: Fig just has nine souls.

Emily mimes eating several souls.

Brennan: Baxter the Griffin lunges through the door and bites one of the
pirate's heads off with his beak.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: Okay, Baxter!

Brennan: And then that's gonna be good old Ragh.

Lou: The full chomp.

Ally: Come on Ragh.

Lou: Solid chomp.

Brennan: Solid chomp. That's gonna be Ragh Barkrock who goes ahead and badly
injures one of the pirates attacking you, Gorgug. That is...

Zac: What's that? What's her move? Where she lets people attack?

Brennan: As a bonus action, Sandra Lynn, it was her turn again, so she'll let
you get another bonus action. Take another swing.

Zac: Ok, cool. All right.

Siobhan: Yes.

Zac: 20 to hit. 21 to hit.

Brennan: 21 hits.

Zac: Okay come on. 10 damage.

Brennan: Slaughtered. You and Ragh both just vivisect one of the pirates in
front of you.

Gorgug makes a weak little yell and swings his axe.

Brennan: Okay. It is Captain James's turn. One second.

Ally: Simply feels like he's had five turns so far.

Zac: Got legendary actions.

Ally: We're just writhing on the ground doing nothing all day.

Lou: Stunned.

Ally: The griffin has a death under his belt and I'm just fucking lying on the
ground.

Zac: It’s like she wasn't here.

Ally: Popped his head in a barn as a kill and I rolled two 11's.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: That, you see, Captain James, walks forward. He's gonna take another
attack with his pistol.

Lou: On me?

Brennan: On Fabian.

Lou: My AC is 20 by the way. It went up by one.

Zac: Why did it go up?

Brennan: He does hit, because you are still stunned.

Lou: I'm so sorry. Even after this.

Brennan: That's six plus five. 11 points of damage to you. Captain Whitclaw
just laughs, leaps to the platform with the elves, blasts with a pistol, turns
to the elves and says,

Whitclaw: I told you where they'd be. Now you get off the Ruction. You being
here means I can't declare.

Brennan: You see that the young Elven maiden says

Elf: (calmly) I assure you Captain Whitclaw, we're doing our best to leave at
once.

Brennan: That's Captain Jim's turn. Adaine, I'm gonna need another
Constitution saving throw.

Siobhan: What I'm gonna do is actually, I'll roll a Constitution regular and
then I'm gonna use Boggy to help me on my Intelligence throw, because that
seems more important, and in this area, because I have War Caster. (rolls)
That's a 10 Constitution, so that's a fail.

Brennan: Failure.

Siobhan: I'm rolling my Intelligence. Okay, okay, that's an 18.

Brennan: You come out of the stunned condition.

Siobhan: I have War Caster. So let me know if anybody, if I get an opportunity
attack against anybody, because I can hit them with a spell.

Brennan: Copy that. If anyone leaves you, I will let you know.

Siobhan: Am I within the circle of the?

Brennan: That circle, the globe has vanished.

Siobhan: Oh great!

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes.

Siobhan: Fantastic.

Brennan: That is your turn. Riz, that's you.

Murph: Sweet. So it's 15 feet up?

Brennan: Correct.

Siobhan: Oh never mind.

Brennan: Adaine's up there. The elves are up there. James is up there.

Siobhan: Wait, hang on a second. You let Fig have a bonus action.

Brennan: You wanna take a bonus action?

Siobhan: I would love to take a bonus action.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Can I please Misty Step away from this elemental?

Brennan: (looks into the camera and shakes his head) You can never be nice.
‘Cause you start being nice to people...

Siobhan: Excuse me, you're fully killing us!

Brennan: Great, where do you wanna Misty Step to?

Ally: It's a bonus action? That’s insane.

Siobhan: It's a bonus action. I'm gonna, I guess back to where.

Brennan: Close to where your friends are?

Siobhan: Fig and Fabian are, yeah.

Brennan: Cool. Hold on one second. One, two, three, four. You can get. You'll
still be within the Row.

Siobhan: Can I stay in the Ruction area?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Siobhan: So I'm above the Row? I’m at least 30 feet away.

Brennan: You're 30 feet away in the netting getting slowly turned to stone.

Siobhan: Sick, but at least I'm with my friend.

Zac: Riz, can we investigate those things up there?

Murph: The what things?

Zac: There's like magical weapons in the Ruction.

Brennan: Not magic weapons. Just old discarded swords.

Murph: Old discarded swords, yeah. I am going to Misty Step up to the
platform, and I would like to try to steal the crown from Captain James.

Brennan: Oh my God, okay.

Murph: I would like to try to cause some chaos here.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Oh, you used the Sword of Shadows to— Okay. You appear.

Ally: Yes Riz.

Brennan: I'm going to say that this is going to be a Sleight of Hand

opposed by his Athletics, because you got the benefit of surprise. He rolled a
nat 1. So he doesn't know you're hiding. I will let you roll this with
advantage, but he's got a very good Athletics score.

Murph: My Sleight of Hand is okay. I don’t have proficiency.

Brennan: This is gonna definitely be Box of Doom.

Murph: I only have plus five, but.

Lou: Come on Riz.

Brennan: This is Box of Doom. So here's what you have to beat first.

Brennan rolls in the Box. The die is a natural 4.

Murph: I love it. I love that.

Brennan: He got a 12.

Ally: All right.

(rolling)

Brennan: Five and six. Did you beat it?

Murph: I did not.

Cast: No!

Ally: Wait, because what do you add to it?

Siobhan: 11.

Murph: Sleight of Hand, plus five. Sleight of Hand. (sighs)

Ally: All right.

Murph: Unbelievable.

Brennan: You Misty Step up, reach up to grab, yank it, and he holds on to the
crown. He says,

Whitclaw: There's a mistake, boyo.

Brennan: And he's going to legendary action. Take an attack on you.

Lou: (quietly) Oh, no no no no. Oh, no no no. No no no.

Ally: (sadly) Merry Christmas.

Murph: I'm gonna guess that was my action, right?

Brennan: That was your action, yes.

Ally: Don't you still have movement, if you used Misty Step to get up there?

Brennan: No, you have movement.

Ally: You can run. (laughing)

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Yeah, I'd love to not be directly next to him. I guess I'll run on the…
Is the platform in the middle? I guess I want to run on the opposite side of
Adaine maybe so they can't blast us both with stuff.

Brennan: So you wanna run away from your friend towards the back of the Row
and the Ruction?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: On the same level as those guys, but just like putting some distance.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Let's go to 20 feet or something.

Brennan: Instead of that being his legendary action, that becomes his attack
of opportunity. You scoot away. You can only make it 15 feet because it's
difficult terrain up here.

Siobhan: Don't you have bonus action disengage?

Murph: I used it to scoot up.

Siobhan: Oh you used it already. Of course!

Brennan: Okay, now at the end of your turn he's gonna take a pistol shot at
you. Or actually no. He's going to teleport next to you.

Murph: Great. Very cool.

Lou: Dude, that's really sick.

Siobhan: He can teleport on top of all of that other stuff that he can do?

Brenan: (nodding innocently) Mm-hm! (laughs)

Siobhan: You're mean. You're a mean man.

Riz: I'm gonna get your stupid crown.

Zac: How close is he to us?

Brennan: Now he's farther away, because Riz is running back, so he's going
toward the back of the area. Kristen, you're still stunned. Go ahead and give
me your Intelligence saving throw.

Ally: Come on baby. Plus one to intelligence. My man. That's only a 10.

Brennan: Cathilda has gone since the last time she gave advantage. She's going
to let you re-roll that.

Ally: Thank god! Maybe Baxter can give me, I mean, he's killing it in the game
right now. (screaming) Four!

Siobhan: That reaction really made it seem like it was a good roll.

Lou: I saw that.

Emily: I saw that as a bad reaction.

Allyy: Okay, wait. I have this ice cream sandwich pouch. Let's say I kind of
like move my spine a little. That ice cream sandwich falls out. Can that give
me the help action? Ice cream sandwich.

Brennan looks directly into the camera and gives a slight disappointed frown.

Siobhan: Kristen now has an ice cream sandwich familiar.

Zac: Move your spine a little bit.

Lou: You let her Misty Step. Come on.

Ally: Kristen moves her spine a little bit.

Lou: Kristen should get help.

Ally: Oh my God, there's a Neapolitan ice cream sandwich next to me. It looks
up. It looks up.

Brennan: Hit a nat 20, and I'll let a magical ice cream sandwich.

Ally: Oh, you don’t know what you’re doing.

Lou: You're asking the wrong.

Ally: No!

Murph: You're rolling really.

Ally: I'm rolling dog shit today! It's contagious!

Lou offers Ally his dice baptism cup. They dunk their d20s in there.

Siobhan: It’s infective!

Murph: This side of the table. This is really bad, yeah.

Brennan: Fabian, that's gonna be you. At the end of your turn, try to come out
of the stunned condition.

Ally: Oh it's so cold. Is there ice in this? (shaking water off their hand)

Murph: Come on Fabian.

Zac: Come on, Fabian.

Lou: (blows on his dice before rolling) It’s a 7.

Murph: No.

Zac: This is the most brutal combat.

Siobhan: So brutal.

Murph: I’m sorry, I need to run to the bathroom.

He gets up and leaves the table.

Brennan: Go for it. All right.

Emily: Wow, Murph is leaving a murder fest.

Lou is re-dunking his dice in the dice baptism cup.

Siobhan: Murph just ran away.

Ally: Murph just took an Uber home. Mic’ed, he lets us hear that audio. Hey
man, how's it going today? How late are you working?

Lou: Yeah, I had a rough one.

Ally: Where'd you start today?

(laughter)

Emily: Fig's turn?

Brennan: No, it is not Fig's turn, I'm afraid. I am so sorry to have to do
this. The air elemental comes, scoops you up, and flies you back.

Siobhan: Is there no save that I can do against this?

Brennan: No, it's the roll is happening over here. It hits your armor class,
grapples you.

Siobhan: Shield!

Brennan: You cast Shield as a reaction. It misses its first attack. It gets
its second one. Hold on one second. What's your armor class with Shield?

Siobhan: 18.

Brennan: It hits an 18.

Siobhan: Dang!

Emily: (leaning to look at Brennan’s dice) It does, I can see it from here.
I’m spying. That hits.

Ally: Don’t have anything else to do.

Brennan: It scoops you back up, takes you back.

Siobhan: (gestures to Brennan) Thanks for reading all his secrets.

Emily: I can’t see anything other than the rolls.

Brennan: Now that is going to be. Hold on one second.

Ally: You need some help, gang.

Emily: All my dice are covered in nervous sweat now. Gross. Disgusting.

Lou: Can I just start rolling in this glass of water? (rolls a die into the
cup) 13.

Siobhan: You went from rolling only 1s to rolling all 13's which is also very
unlucky, I feel like.

Ally: Yep. Totally.

Lou: Can I just roll in this glass of water? Is that against any rules?

Siobhan: There's no rules that say you can't roll in a glass of water.

Lou: I'm gonna roll in this glass of water. If I get a nat 20 on the next roll
I will roll in the glass of water forever.

Brennan: Uh, Fig, that’s you.

Emily: Globe of Invulnerability is gone. Do I get the impression that Shatter
could hurt them and also destroy the wood they're on?

Brennan: Couldn't destroy the wood they're on. It's not crystalline or glass,
but could hurt them, and would force all of them to make Constitution saves.

Emily: All right, then we're gonna go for a...

Brennan: You will also be hitting Adaine.

Emily: (screams) No!

Siobhan: It's fine.

Ally: You could shatter the.

Emily: I'm not going to.

Ally: Wouldn't you potentially shatter Adaine's new statue body?

Siobhan: Good question. Is my body now extremely buff?

Brennan: It's not.

Siobhan: It's gonna be bad in two turns, but right now I have stone skin.

Lou: Hellenic.

Brennan: It is not there yet.

Lou: Hellenic potential. The bottom of you is just beautiful.

Siobhan: (crosstalk) I’m so beautiful!

Emily: In that case, I am just going to. I guess I'm a one trick pony. I'm
grabbing Gorgug and Dimension Dooring.

Fig: You wanna go for a ride?

Gorgug: Yes. I love this song.

Emily: Grabbing Gorgug, Dimension Door right to where the elves are.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Ooh baby, okay.

Emily: Then I have a bonus action. So I give Adaine a little more.

Brennan: Move to Gorgug, Dimension Door. You're up.

Emily: Then I give Adaine more Bardic Inspiration.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Okay, cool, cool, cool.

Ally: The ice cream sandwich eventually starts to melt.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: You know what? Actually. Oh no, I can't cast any spells. Yeah, that's
my turn.

Brennan: Cool. You guys are both standing on platforms right next to the
elves, Adaine, and air elemental.

Emily: I also. I had to move to Gorgug.Yeah, I guess I'm just right in the
mix, yeah. No way around it.

Brennan: Now, that's Fig. You Dimension Door--

Emily: Actually, you know what? Can I Dimension Door somewhere, so that I'm
like a little bit away and Gorgug can run to them? Just to protect myself a
bit.

Brennan: You can. I'll say that you have 10 feet of movement left if you wanna
give me an Acrobatics check, because you're at the edge of one of the
platforms right now.

Emily: I don't have anything good.

Brennan: DC-10.

Lou: You can do it.

Emily: I would not get that. I don't think, but I guess, let's go for it.

Lou: I believe!

Emily: Yeah, I got it!

Ally: Hey, nice!

Brennan: You jump on to another barrel in a different part of the netting.
You're behind Gorgug, away from the other elves. Cool. That is Fig's turn.
Angwyn is gonna hit you with another Dominate Person.

Siobhan: He can try. He can try.

Brennan: You threw another Bardic Inspiration to Adaine.

Ally: What is the DC again?

Siobhan: 15.

Ally: 15.

Brennan: 15.

Lou: We got this.

Siobhan: And it's Intelligence right?

Brennan: No, this is Wisdom. Wisdom saving throw.

Siobhan: Wisdom, right. That's fine. I have a plus 6 to wisdom. Yep, I make it
23.

Siobhan’s rolls are 5 and 17, as she’s rolling with advantage.

Brennan: You resist, once again, as he attempts to enchant you.

Adaine: How many times have I told you, you can't tell me what to do?

Angwyn: I am—

Adiane: And to be clear, I'm not the Elven Oracle. I'm the Oracle of
everybody. The elves do not own me. I am my own person.

Angwyn: Adaine, I don't understand why you insist on being so unreasonable. By
the way.

Adaine: You try to control me with spells. You're the one that's being
unreasonable.

Angwyn: A ‘hello father’ would be nice.

Adaine: You didn't say hello to me. Hello father.

Angwyn: I didn't want to.

Adaine: Well I didn't want to either.

Brennan: You see. Okay, no one is in the Row, down there right now. You see
that Captain James's pirates are now fully like almost to the Ruction, having
fought their way through.

Ally: How many of them are left?

Brennan: There's a bunch that are in the Row. There's only two left fighting
you guys. This guy's going to rush over. He's gonna take some swings at Sandra
Lynn. He's gonna hit twice. Sandra Lynn's not looking great. This guy’s gonna
take some swings at Kristen and he misses, even though he's got advantage.
Hits the next time. Kristen.

Zac: What happened to the Griffin?

Ally: Where's the fucking Griffin at?

Siobhan: Where'd that Griffin go?

Brennan: 12 points of damage.

Emily: That griffin is preening(?) on everyone.

Brennan: (slight smile) What's Kristen at?

Ally: Three.

Brennan: Three? Oof. (laughing)

Emily: Hundred?

Siobhan: (singing) 300! We're never gonna die.

Zac shakes his head with a grim expression.

Brennan: Okay. That's gonna be another one.

Ally: Three, but I'm also stunned.

Lou: Three, but I’m stunned.

Ally: Three, but don't worry I am also still stunned.

Brennan: You see the young maiden looks at you (Adaine) again and says,

Elf: I understand you do not wish to come with us. The tide is slowly turning
in your friends’ favor, though you are much injured.

Brennan: She raises (lifts her hand) and a point of fire appears above one of
her fingers. She says,

Elf: Come with us. Me and my friends shall leave this fight and your friends
will have only pirates to deal with. Choose to remain, and we will have to do
what we must to secure your arrest.

Adaine: (long pause) You can take me, but I will never ever do what you want.
Do you understand?

Elf: I understand. Do you submit to come with us and discuss the rest?

Brennan: (flickering) The fire starts to grow on her fingertip.

Siobhan: (shaking her head) Yeah, I go with them. What choice do I have?

Brennan mimics a teleportation spell.

Ally: No, no!

Emily yells unintelligibly.

Siobhan: What choice do I have? Everybody's died. Everybody's gonna die.

Ally: What's the Griffin doing?

Lou: Gilear was almost. Around the corner.

Siobhan: I'm sold on Gilear being the chosen one now. This is it.

Brennan: You see that all four of the elves and the air elemental, all vanish.

Ally: Does Tracker come back?

Fig: Adaine, I used my everything to try to save you!

Brennan: Unfortunately, the diviner who had dismissed Tracker is now out of
combat somewhere else and is able to maintain concentration on—

Zac: Tracker doesn't make saves?

Brennan: Tracker has been making saves.

Emily: The diviner was not with the elves?

Brennan: No, the diviner's with the elves. Adaine, you vanish in a flash of
light as this prepared teleportation goes off. All of you have a moment to
watch this, until you hear,

Whitclaw: (wicked laughing) It's not over yet, boyos!

Brennan: And Captain James is going to leap into action. That is going to go
immediately be Gorgug's turn. The elves all vanish in front of you as soon as
you're up here. You see Riz next to Captain Whitclaw.

Gorgug: This is bad. Do we keep trying to take that crown?

Riz: We kill him.

Zac: I'm gonna. Does it make sense to try to take the crown or should I?

Murph: Let's kill him.

Emily: Yeah, we have no other objective now. There's only one person.

Zac: I'm going to take a reckless attack on Captain Whitclaw.

Brennan: Go ahead. You're gonna need to give me. What is your speed?

Zac: 40.

Brennan: This is difficult terrain, and you are effectively, you are not close
enough to get to him in one movement unless you give me acrobatics.

Siobhan: Aren't barbarians unaffected by difficult terrain?

Brennan: You went to be near Adaine, correct? So you were near the elves that
just vanished, and Whitclaw teleported to be closer to Riz.

Siobhan: Aren't barbarians unaffected by difficult terrain?

Zac: Might be a monk thing.

Brennan: No, that's a ranger thing.

Siobhan: That's a ranger thing.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: So what do I have to do?

Ally: Hey, maybe I’ll play ranger. Sounds cool.

Brennan: You can give me an Acrobatics check to just basically, or Athletics
actually.

Siobhan: (crosstalk, to Ally) Sounds pretty cool.

Zac: Athletics.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Do that with an advantage.

Brennan: Do it with advantage.

Zac: That would be… 19.

Brennan: 19. You see complex rigging and netting and you just say fuck it, and
Hulk jump through the air. Bam! And land right next to Captain Whitclaw.
That's your movement. You can go ahead and take your attacks.

Zac: So these are reckless. First one. It's 16 plus nine, 25.

Brennan: Captain James casts Shield, and you crash through it. Boom!

Zac: That's the first attack. I'll just roll all my attacks.

Brennan: Awesome.

Zac: All right, so second attack. If he casts Shield, it probably won't.
Shield's still up, right? So that's only a 17.

Brennan: 17, misses.

Zac: Then my frenzy.

Siobhan: (quietly) Yeah.

Zac: 27. So two attacks hit.

Brennan: (impressed) Hoo hoo hoo!

Murph: Love this energy.

Zac: What do we got? Am I missing a dice?

Lou: Much needed, much needed.

Zac: Would have loved to have crit. Impossible for me to crit for some reason.
(rolls) Ooh! 11 and 12 plus 12.

Brennan: (stunned) 11 and 12 plus 12?

Zac: Yeah, because two hits, and so each one adds six, and then I rolled an
11.

Brennan: (wide-eyed) That's 35 damage?

Ally: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Nice.

Lou: Yes!

Brennan: Captain James. This little psychic Shield covers him and you. Guh guh
guh! Pow! (massive axe swing) You see that he drops into the rigging and pops
back up. His shirt torn, covered in blood. That is Gorgug's turn. At the end
of your turn, he's gonna take a swing at you.

Zac: Do it dude.

Brennan: He hits.

Zac: (resigned) Okay.

Siobhan: (laughing) Yeah.

Brennan: I'm gonna need an Intelligence saving throw.

Murph: Damn it.

Zac: All right.

Ally: You got it, man. You got it!

Emily: This might be a natural 20! This might be that.

Zac:3?

Brennan: 3. You take 16 plus five, slashing halved. That’s 20, so 10.

Zac: I had five hit points.

Murph: Oh no.

Zac: I'm down but I have Relentless Endurance so that I’m at 1.

Brennan: He also deals a tremendous amount more than that of psychic damage to
you, but it's all in one attack, so you just go to one.

Zac: Failing to save. Does that do anything besides just taking a lot of
damage?

Brennan: (reading something) Sorry, one second. Repeat that one more time.

Zac: Did anything else happen, other than taking a bunch of damage?

Brennan: No, just a bunch of damage. He, just nasty, saber cuts you. You don't
go down. You're at one. That is Gorgug. Sandra Lynn is gonna take a bunch
of... No, she leaps up with Baxter, flies over to you (Gorgug) and she is
going to leap off and heal you for six plus seven plus five, is 18 hit points,
and Cathilda, leaps over to this other pirate attacking the stunned Kristen,
and eviscerates him.

Kristen: (strained) Thank you. Thank you, Cathilda.

Brennan: She also kills the last pirate over there and darts into the Row.

Ally: Whoa! Cathilda's gonna be king.

Zac: C’mon, Fabian.

Lou: All I gotta do is get out of this stunned condition and then I'll be
shooting my hand crossbow all over town.

Brennan: Okay. Um, actually, Cathilda doesn't dart into the Row. She darts to
Fabian.

Lou: No, Cathilda, no.

Brennan: That's going to be, Ragh is gonna run over to Kristen and try to snap
you out of it. It's gonna get the help action. This next saving throw.

Ally: Is that advantage? (starts to roll)

Brennan: That's advantage. Now Captain James, it's his turn again.

Zac: I think it's not your turn.

Ally: (stops rolling) Oh, got it, got it.

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes.

Ally: Get them hot.

Lou: Get them hot!

Ally: Sha!

Brennan: Captain Jim does not recharge his mind blast.

Zac: Good.

Brennan: Good.

Murph: You love to see it.

Siobhan: You love to see it.

Emily: You love to see it.

Zac: You love to see it.

Lou: (crosstalk) You love, to see it!

Siobhan: You gotta take your victories where you can. You gotta take your
victory where you can.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: He does hit Gorgug again. Okay give me another Intelligence saving
throw.

Zac: Okay, 16.

Brennan: 16, passes.

Lou: Yay!

Brennan: You do not take any additional psychic damage. You instead take nine
plus five. 14 halved to 7 slashing damage.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: He is also going to attempt an attack on you with his tentacles.

Zac: Get them tentacles away from me.

Siobhan: That's so creepy.

Brennan: That is a hit.

Siobhan: He's a child.

Lou: Get them damn tentacles away.

Zac: Is it like? Do I make a Strength save or anything?

Brennan: No.

Murph: Is he trying to eat your brain right now?

Ally and Lou: Is he trying to beak you right now?

Siobhan: Is he trying to bite your brain?

Lou: Is he trying to beak you?

Brennan: Give me another Intelligence saving throw.

Cast: No!

Ally: Come on Gorgug.

Zac: You're the smart. You're the most talented wizard in all the land. 13?

Brennan: Not gonna do it.

Lou: No! Is he getting beaked?

Brennan: He is stunned until the grapple ends. You take 10 plus 14 psychic
damage.

Zac: Down.

Brennan: You get stunned unconscious as his tentacles wrap over your head.
(growling, sticks out tongue) He's just holding on to your body as his maw
begins to—

Zac: Do my headphones block any of this?

Brennan: They are giving him some trouble getting his beak over your skull.
That is...

Gorgug: Fabian!

Lou: Oh my God! I'm just stunned. Having a breakdown.

Brennan: Riz, that's you baby.

Murph: Oh boy. Okay. I don't know how I'm gonna save Gorgug here. Gorgug's
getting pinned down, getting eaten. I need to get Captain James away from him.

Emily: Push him towards me.

Murph: I can't. I have such bad athletics. Truly, I have minus two Strength.
Oh boy, oh boy, oh boy.

Lou shakes his head so hard it rubs against the mic loudly. Ally attempts to
catch a snack in their mouth and fails, tossing it into their lap. Emily
laughs at them.

Murph: I guess I’m going to...

Ally: I don't wanna talk about it.

Siobhan: Minus three to Dex. Also in real life.

Zac: How hurt does he look?

Brennan: Fucked up!

Emily: Oh okay.

Brennan: You walloped him!

Murph: Okay great. Then if I hide first, then can I potentially get advantage?

Brennan: Yes, go ahead and give me a Stealth check first.

Murph: Come on please.

Zac: He has his whole mouth on my head.

Murph: That's great. That's 27. Actually, that's 30. Sneak attack. Please.
(shaking dice aggressively) Come on. (rolls) That's a 28 to hit.

Brennan: 28 hits.

Murph: Come on! All right, I'm using the Sword of Shadows. (rolls a lot of
dice) Okay, we like that. That's pretty good. That's okay. (counting under his
breath) 25 damage.

Brennan: 25 damage? He is looking hurt. Adaine, though you are in another
scene, I am gonna need another Constitution saving throw. Boggy can give you
advantage on this.

Emily: Did you use that Bardic Inspiration?

Siobhan: No, I didn't, so I still have the Bardic if I need it. (rolls) Yeah,
I'm gonna use that Bardic Inspiration. Uh… 11 plus… 16!

Brennan: You succeed.

Siobhan: Can I? Can I use one of my fourth level spell slots to cast Sending,
and say to Ayda Aguefort,

Adaine: Help, my friends are being killed in the Row and the Ruction. Please
help them.

Brennan: As Adaine, you are falling through motes of light in this Elven
teleportation and feel the tether to Leviathan close behind you you take this
pirate's spell and send it with the smell of sea wind. Your message carried
away on the air. (wind blows) As you appear in a place that is filled with
darkness, you hear an immediate response saying,

Ayda: Your friends are my friends.

Adaine: Thank you. Thank you.

Brennan: At the end of Riz's turn. The Captain is going to make an attack on
Riz.

Lou: My man. He's just like.

Brennan: He's got Gorgug here with a, (brain slurping noises) and swings at
Riz.

Ally: Gorgug's just like a baby in his one arm.

Brennan: I'm gonna need an Intelligence check from you.

Murph: Saving throw?

Brennan: Saving throw. Intelligence saving throw.

Murph: Come on please.

Ally: Wow!

Murph: 24.

Brennan: You take no additional psychic damage but you do take 12 points of
slashing damage.

Murph: Can I use my reaction to halve that?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: Is that the first time you've been hit?

Brennan: Yeah, how much is Riz at right now?

Murph: Yeah, I'm at 54.

Brennan: 54, cool.

Ally: Wow.

Lou: (pointing to Murph) This guy.

Brennan: That is Riz. Kristen, you have advantage. Let's get that Intelligence
save.

Ally rolls, then throws their hands in the air.

Zac: Ally...

Murph: Yo. Insane.

Ally: Nine and a four.

Emily: Oh my good God.

Brennan puts a hand over his mouth in shock, then shakes his head.

Murph: We've switched. We’ve switched.

Ally: We've absolutely switched.

Brennan: Oh no.

Ally: Another ice cream sandwich.

Zac: How many rounds does it last?

Brennan: It lasts a minute.

Siobhan: I will give you all of Ally and Lou's good rolls.

Murph: I much prefer the rogue being stunned to the cleric. I would give you
my rolls if I could.

Brennan: Fabian, you are gonna get a help action, or you're gonna get a re-
roll on this from Cathilda. Go ahead and give us, your Intelligence save.

Zac: Believe in yourself.

Lou: That's a 12, a 14.

Brennan: 14 does not do it.

Emily: Go ahead again, re-roll. Re-roll. Re-roll. Your character sheet's gonna
be.

Lou: (smiling helplessly) 12.

Zac: This is the worst fight we've ever had. And one fight we died.

Ally: Including the corn cuties!

Siobhan: Really awful.

Brennan: Oh no.

Lou: It's so wet over here, and it wasn't even worth it. Wasn't even worth it.

Emily: Corn cuties we were level one!

Brennan: I don't understand a bit. Captain Jim is gonna take another swipe at
you. Another legendary action, Riz.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: He hits. Go ahead and give me another Intelligence saving throw.

Ally: You got it, Riz.

Murph: Come on now. That's an 18.

Brennan: 18 succeeds. You still take 13 points of slashing damage.

Fig: (high-pitched) Smart!

Murph: I don't like it.

Riz: Thanks, Fig!

Lou: (mimicking Emily) Smart!

Ally: That was the most Katie response I've ever heard in my life.

Brennan: Fig, that is your turn.

Ally: Smart!

Emily: Okay, I want to attack James Whitclaw.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: So I'm gonna go, and I'm just gonna go after him.

Brennan: Cool, is this a ranged attack?

Emily: No, I'd like to do, like melee.

Brennan: He's in range, but only if you make an acrobatics check to get across
or somehow use—

Emily: I have a dash, from my skateboard.

Zac: Nice.

Murph: Sick.

Lou: I’m gonna use my movement to do a bunch of sick— I’m gonna grind—

Murph: What snake(?) are you skateboarding?

Brennan: I'm gonna say this is not normally mechanic in DnD but you do get,
hold on one second.

Murph: A sick Ollie? Kickflip?

Brennan: (rolls) Yeah, you do get 1,300 points from your sick shredding, as
you shred, kickflip, Ollie, kick, hop, hop, hop, grind!

Lou: Hop, hop.

Brennan: And you close in on Captain Whitclaw.

Emily: I'm gonna attack with my frickin' bass guitar. That's gonna be a 14.
Does a 14 hit?

Brennan: 14 does not hit.

Emily: Well fuck my life. Then I'm gonna bonus word healing. Bonus action
Healing Word Gorgug.

Zac: Yeah, you love to see it.

Siobhan: You love to see it.

Lou: (exaggerated gameshow host voice) You love to see it!

Emily: I'm gonna do a level three.

Brennan: Awesome.

Emily: I'll tell you in a second.

Brennan: Cool. You do Healing Word. That is Fig's turn. Nobody is in the Row
right now. All the pirates who were fighting you all are dead.

Emily: (telling Gorgug his HP) 15.

Zac: 18?

Emily: 15.

Zac: 15.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's gonna be you.

Murph: Clutch.

Brennan: He has you grappled. You are stunned. You did fail that save, so you
are stunned until the grapple ends.

Zac: Even if I went down and came back up?

Emily: Yeah, I just healed him.

Brennan: Oh that's an interesting question.

Zac: I was unconscious. Came back to.

Emily: I was riding a skateboard while I did it.

Brennan: To have this be fair, I'm gonna allow you to re-roll the Intelligence
save.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: Come on Gorgug.

Zac: Three.

Brennan: Three is not gonna do it. So you are still stunned. You are still
grappled and stunned.

Emily: Sorry, maybe I should have. Actually, no, I think if you were down, He
would have munched your head.

Zac: Yeah.

Lou: You were like automatic.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn is gonna rush Captain James. (sighs) She's gonna have
Baxter do it actually. That's gonna be a 10.

Lou: We just kind of freak out.

Ally: This griffin hasn’t been stunned once.

Murph: Intelligence saves are tough.

Ally: Yeah.

Murph: Nobody puts anything into Intelligence.

Zac: Not exactly the wise.

Brennan: You (Gorgug) come out of your stunned effect. Sandra Lynn shoulders
her bow. Baxter takes a swipe at Whitclaw. He steps back and Sandra Lynn leaps
off of the barrel, puts her shoulder into Captain James and they both fall out
of the rigging into the Row together.

Siobhan: Nice.

Zac: Oh no!

Murph: Into the Row?

Brennan: Yes.

Emily: Oh dear.

Zac: I don't get to make a move.

Brennan: No, you come out of stunned as he leaves. Ragh's gonna give another
help action to Kristen.

Emily: Wait, wasn't that an attack of opportunity?

Siobhan: He's moving. Yeah, wouldn't Riz have an attack of opportunity?

Brennan: No, because he's being moved against his will. He's not triggering
any attacks of opportunity.

Siobhan: Trying to get any damage against these people. I'm not here. I'm in
Fallinel.

Ally: Ignore me. I'm turning into stone with my dad.

Siobhan: God, so embarrassing. Turning into stone with my stupid dad.

Emily: None of these will hit.

Brennan: Oh no.

Emily: Maybe you should make people that have AC's of like 10, because I think
I could hit them.

Siobhan: Yeah, you could make people really easy to kill.

Lou: Yeah, he's not wearing armor. He's just wearing clothes.

Emily: Yeah, I was aiming for a tentacle.

Siobhan: Got really drunk the night before so he was just not on his best.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn, it's Captain James's turn. She goes to the floor of the
Row with him. She rolls off him, and instead of him rolling, he leaps over and
stabs her through the chest and she goes full incapacitated. And pushes off to
stand up and rips the saber out of her chest as her eyes glaze over.

Ally: Fuck!

Emily: What?

Siobhan: This guy sucks!

Emily: (scared noise) Mama!

Brennan: That is. He stands up. He's gonna make an Athletics check, and he
climbs the rigging and leaps back up into the Ruction overhead holding the
crown. That is Captain James's turn. Riz, that's you.

Murph: Oh boy. I will. Gorgug is up, right? Gorgug is probably not within five
feet of him right now.

Zac: I don't know how close I am.

Murph: I'm trying to get sneak attack.

Brennan: Captain James right now.

Zac: That's where if she knocked him off of me and then he came back right up,
I could see him being within five feet right?

Brennan: He's in the corner of the Ruction right now, so he's not within five
feet of anyone.

Murph: I'm gonna try to. I have.

Zac: Can you just hide?

Murph: I can hide, yeah. Yeah, I'm gonna try that. I'm gonna hide first. 29.

Brennan: Cool. You're hidden.

Lou: Really did take all the good ones.

Murph: And I will shoot. Come on.

Ally: Yes! Yes!

Murph: That's a nat 20!

Brennan: Ooh!

Murph: You love to see it!

Siobhan: You love to see it!

Ally: Wow! Fuck yeah!

Siobhan: Double those dice!

Lou: Double those dice.

Zac: Double sneak attack?

Siobhan: Yeah. Double sneak attack.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Ally: My baby. We were born to see it.

Lou: Born to see it.

Murph: Okay. (begins to aggressively shake a lare handful of dice)

Lou: There it is.

Murph stands up to roll over the table.

Ally: Who are you, Brennan?

Lou:(to Brennan) How you feel about that? How you feel about that sound?

Siobhan: Delicious.

Ally: Oh! So many sixes!

Murph: Oh my—! This is.. Oh, this is wonderful. Okay, great. This is good. We
like to see this.

Siobhan: I feel like I should vamp but I'm so enthralled by these dice.

Brennan: An incredible amount of dice.

Lou: Delicately lift it.

Brennan: My god.

Emily: That's good too, because some of the dice he's using I've considered
cursed in the past.

Murph: 47 damage.

Brennan sits back in his seat, taking a deep breath.

Ally: Wee-o, wee-o, wee!

Lou: Like a damn cop car.

Murph mimics taking a shot down the sights of a gun.

Ally: Call the ambulance.

Brennan: You raise your pistol, fire, and hit him square in the stomach. He
stumbles back in the rigging, falls back, goes prone on the ground, and you
see a horrifying blast of something in his gut erupt. Some weird mind flayer
thing, and he shudders and goes stiff. Riz, do you do? That was your attack.
Do you do anything else with your movement that turn?

Murph: Yeah, I wanna run over and try to grab the crown from him.

Brennan: You rush over to grab the crown. He raises a gun and shoots you point
blank as you get close.

Siobhan and Emily: What?

Brennan: He goes,

Whitclaw: Oldest trick in the book, boyo. (gun blast)

Emily: That would be a mind flayer, right?

Lou: Brennan would have like.

Emily: He didn't say he was dead. He said “goes still”.

Lou: He didn't normally put his normal cinematic and this is the death kind of
spin on it.

Brennan is nodding, with a small smile.

Brennan: Give me an Intelligence saving throw.

Lou: Take our luck, Murph. Take our luck and run.

Murph: Fuck, 10.

Brennan: (counting quietly) Two, three.

Murph: I'm gonna use Uncanny Dodge obviously.

[tense adventure music]

Brennan: You take 10, 15, 20, 30, 39, 41. 46 points of damage.

Murph: Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: Cool, 23 points of damage.

Murph: Yikes.

Brennan: And at the end of your turn, he's gonna swing at you again.

Murph: God damn it.

Lou: What?

Brennan: Oh no, sorry. That was him swinging at you at the end of your turn.
Kristen, that's gonna be you.

Zac: Come on Kristen.

Emily: Come on!

Siobhan: This is the time. It's gonna happen.

Ally: Hey, that's a 13.

Siobhan: No.

Zac: You failed that five times, four times? How many times?

Ally: I wanna say. I wanna paint the picture. There are now nine ice cream
sandwiches. Melting around me. I'm at 3 hit points, and I'm murmuring,

Kristen: Tracker, Tracker.

Lou: This is wild.

Ally: If this is a nat 20, can one of those ice cream sandwiches get Tracker?

Brennan: Hit a nat 20. Hit a nat 20.

Murph: So close.

Lou: Truly one polyhedral side away.

Brennan: Hold on one second. You guys see something.

Fig: Riz, don't go down, because I've gotta save my mom. Okay? Do not go down.

Riz: Okay. I’ll try. I'm truly trying so hard.

Gorgug: Try harder. I know it's not your turn, and you can't do anything.

Fig: I think it’s a good idea if you try to not go down.

Fabian: Come on, The Ball.

Lou: This fight is crazy.

Brennan: You guys see. This is so brutal.

Zac: This is sloppy.

Brennan: This is sloppy. At the end of Kristen's turn.

Emily: Where have you been, you little bitch?

Brennan: The end of Kristen's turn. James is taking another swing.

Zac: God damn it.

Brennan: That's a hit. Give me another intelligence saving throw, Riz.

Murph: 22.

Brennan: He deals you 14, 19 points of slashing damage.

Murph: I'm down.

Emily: No!

Brennan: He takes out a saber, and Riz falls. Give me a Dexterity saving
throw.

Murph: 12.

Brennan: Riz falls through the netting into the Row next to the incapacitated,
or the dying, Sandra Lynn below. That's going to be Fabian, that's you.

Ally: There's no part of this weekend where we publicly saw you have to give
out a lot of XP, bleeding over into this campaign. There's no bad blood there,
right? There was like a video where a guy put his armpit on your face…

(crosstalk)

Zac: Fabian! Do it!

Siobhan: That seems unfair to take revenge.

Ally: I wasn’t there! I’ve never been to big bear(?).

Zac: This is the one. This is the one.

Lou: (rolling into the cup of water again) Nope.

Ally: Almost looked like a nat one.

Zac: Get that water out of here!

Emily: Stop going in the water.

Ally: Maybe if you drink the water.

Zac: What's happening?

Murph has his glasses off in disgust again.

Lou: Eight and 11.

Brennan: There's no reason to have not rolled over the DC by now. I just want
everyone to know. I want everyone at home to know. This is a wild statistical
anomaly.

Lou: The water didn't help. The water doesn't help.

Siobhan: Just double down every time. You'll make your money back.

Brennan: At the end of Fabian's turn, James is going to take an attack on
Gorgug with his pistol.

Ally: Has he been able to attack after all of our turns the whole time?

Brennan: He's got legendary action.

Murph: He gets a few every round.

Emily: He's probably got all those resistances right? That's why I haven’t
cast any spells.

Murph: He hasn't used them.

Siobhan: Yeah, he hasn't used any of them.

Zac: We haven't done anything, he had to do a save on.

Siobhan: We've only done...

Emily: Yeah, because I can't even cast spells on him though because I have to
Healing Word.

Brennan: You take 18 points of piercing damage halved to nine.

Zac: Okay, so I'm at six.

Brennan: That's gonna be Fig.

Murph: Don't feel pressure to bring me up.

Emily: I'm bringing you up!

Murph: I know but your character will probably bring your mom up. It's okay.
I'm not.

Zac: Did the Griffin go?

Brennan: You also by the way would know that your mom has Cure spells and shit
like that.

Emily: Yes, you're right. I just feel so bad, not bringing up my husband.

Murph: Appreciated. I'll give you a pass. Your character would help your mom
before she would help Riz.

Emily: James Whitclaw's on the floor, right?

Brennan: No, James Whitclaw's back up in the Ruction with you guys fighting.

Emily: Okay, well I'm gonna attack him because I only have a bonus action
healing anyways so I'm gonna try to attack him. I was hoping to jump down on
him, but.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: (rolls) Fuck you. Why didn't you? Maybe it's still done though. 20.
Wait it was 14 plus eight. 22?

Brennan: 22 to hit. It's been his last turn. Let me see if he— He might be out
of spell slots by now actually.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Homeboy's out of spell slots. That hits.

Emily: That's a Booming Blade. So if he moves willingly before later, he'll
take two d8 thunder damage, but I'm also adding my Psychic Blades so he takes,
oh and I actually Hexblade Cursed him so my proficiency exposed to him.

Murph: Oh I forgot you’re a Hexblade! That's awesome.

Ally: Remember that time? At that point of the...

Lou: We were all standing there, ready to fight.

Ally: When we had so many plans for how our turn would go.

Emily: 28. I hit him for 28!

Ally: That's great.

Brennan: For 28 points of damage, huh?

Emily: Yes, and then he's also got, if he moves willingly, before the start of
my next turn, he'll take two d8 thunder damage more.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second. He is truly hanging on by a thread. You
(boom!) (mimics whacking the Captain with a bass) And then you bring Sandra
Lynn back up?

Emily: And then I Healing Word Sandra Lynn. I'm gonna go another third level.
I'll get her for. Seven. Another 15.

Brennan: Another 15.

Ally: Nice.

Murph: Good turn.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn pops back up. That is going to—

Emily: I'm also gonna, you know what? I'm also gonna bonus action. Oh wait,
no. Nevermind, I can't.

Brennan: Okay, how much do you do for your mom, sorry?

Emily: 15.

Brennan: 15.

Fig: Mom, get Riz. He's my husband in real life!

Gorgug: Real life?

Kristen: What? What do you mean real life?

Brennan: Your mom immediately takes 20 halved to 10 from her successful save.
All the pirates clocking her in the head down here. Riz, you get two death
save failures from these dudes just stomping on your head as you are in the
middle of this fist fight.

Murph: Unconscious,

Riz: Fabian, save me!

Fabian: The Ball, I'm just stunned.

Murph: I keep trying to think like, I'm gonna give Fabian a speech. He can't
help me if he wants to.

Brennan: Gorgug, after you, the hirelings will go, but after that it will be
Captain James again. You can tell that this is truly the last moment where

something can possibly happen to turn the tide of this. Fig has just shredded
through Captain James.

Zac: Going to fully rush him and attack. (rock music starts) Reckless attack
so first, does a 17 hit?

Brennan: 17 does not hit. That's your first attack.

Zac: Second attack. 20 hit?

Brennan: 20 hits. Roll that third attack.

Zac: 16 plus nine.

Ally: Yeah, hell yeah. 25.

Zac: I can't fucking crit, sorry.

Brennan: I'm gonna let you know something right now. Hold on one second. Let
me just.

Murph: (singing My Chemical Romance to the background music) I'm not okay!

Brennan: Okay. I'm gonna let you know this right now. Captain James only has
20 hit points left. We're gonna roll this in the Box of Doom. How much do you
have to roll on the dice to yield 20 points each?

Zac: I need to roll eight.

Brennan: That's very doable with two D-12.

Zac: Because I automatically hit him for 12.

Brennan: Automatically hit him for 12. Just trying to get that last eight
points of damage.

Zac: Ready?

Zac rolls in the box. One of them is in shadow, but the other is a one.

Brennan: 10 points of damage.

Zac: I saw one of them was a one, I was like—

Lou: I saw the one first—

Ally: I saw the one also, but I couldn’t tell what the other one was.

Brennan: Jesus. You rush forward. It is Fig and the Cig Fig's time baby.
(power chords, burst) Captain James Whitclaw is killed.

Gorgug: Hey, I'm actually Fabian.

Emily: In the battle frenzy, I'm like yeah! (mimics hitting someone prone)
Hitting you with my guitar. Yeah, yeah!

Brennan: I'm gonna say each of you guys give me Dexterity saves.

Emily: Oh, I hate you. I hate this dice.

Zac: Good God. I only got a nine with advantage.

Emily: 23.

Brennan: You snatch the crown of the Pirate King out of the air.

Emily: I skateboard away.

Brennan: You skateboard off. You see Captain James falls through the rigging.
As he does so, Sandra Lynn rushes over, grabs you (Riz), casts another Cure
Wounds. Your failed death saves go away.

Riz: Thank you, Sandra Lynn.

Emily: I captured his soul when he died.

Brennan: Oh, great. You (gobbling noises) split them up. Scoop up his soul.

Emily: Going fishing.

Lou: Wild, all these souls.

Zac: There's a bunch of pirates here.

Emily: I'm assuming they all reset so probably I lost all the other ones I
sold. Since he died, and I Hexblade cursed him, I actually get hit points.

Brennan: Oh great.

Zac: Are these guys still stunned? Now that he’s dead?

Brennan: I'm gonna say for our purposes, you guys come out of your stunned
condition. What you guys see is the Row and the Ruction. Captain James's crew
all watches as he dies, and quickly the mood resets (metal music changes to
piratey strings) as the other non-Crimson Claw pirates begin to just beat the
shit out of, climb up into the rigging, kill James's crew. Everyone here hates
Captain Whitclaw, so they just quickly kill his crew and the other pirates
cheer you guys. If you go into the Row, they'll hit you in the face good
naturedly, but otherwise are—

Emily: Can I like lasso Riz and bring him up because he was down in the Row?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn barrels him out of there very quickly.

Riz: (strained) Thank you so much.

Brennan: And we exit combat.

Ally: Wow!

Emily: I think I hide the crown under my shirt until we're all privately
together.

Brennan: You hide it. Gotcha.

Ally: This shit came down on me while I'm unconscious.

Brennan: You see very quickly.

Kristen: My girlfriend's gone.

Fabian: Yeah, is Tracker?

Siobhan: She'll be back in a minute.

Fig: Yeah, where's Tracker?

Ally: Can I cast Banishment on myself?

Fabian: Can I come with you?

Brennan: Here's the thing. I need to look this up real quick because this is
potentially.

Zac: Oh for a full minute? She might be gone.

Murph: She might be gone forever.

Brennan: Quite bad. No, no sorry. This is okay. A few moments later, Tracker
reappears. Tracker quickly heals everybody but Ragh shakes you awake, Kristen
and goes,

Ragh: Kristen, Kristen, Wake up, wake up. We did it. It's good. It's all done.
It's good, it's good.

Kristen: (yelling) Where's all the ice cream?

Brennan: He says,

Ragh: Adaine’s fucking gone. She’s gone. She saved us. They were gonna fuckin'
blast us while we were all unconscious and she agreed to go and they took her.

Brennan: You guys see that, Fabian, you come out of it. Cathilda is there
looking at you. She looks up. You see that she is just smiling. She's got a
little bit of blood on her. She looks up, smiles, says,

Cathilda: (gently) It's all right. It's all right Master Fabian.

Fabian: I can't do anything.

Cathilda: I didn’t do anything either.

Fabian: You did so.

Cathilda: No. It’s alright.

Fabian: Yes.

Cathilda: Look, sometimes you think that a fight is going to be your moment,
to climactically grow up.

Fabian: Avenge your father's wishes.

Cathilda: Avenge your father's wishes.

Fabian: Make sure the traditions that he set forth for a city remain in place,
and instead you get stunned almost immediately, and you don't move, and you
have to watch your friends die, and live again and die, and be transported
other places. Is that what you were going to say?

Cathilda: (at a loss) Why don't we go get some kippers?

Fabian: I don't want kipperss.

Brennan: You see. She looks out at the assembled people here. Fig, Cathilda
walks over to you, and says,

Cathilda: Hello there Mistress Fig. Well, you've taken, so it's yours to do
with what you will but if you'd like I'd be happy to take that crown off your
hands.

Kristen: You've never trusted Cathilda.

Fig: I was thinking of using it as a bargaining chip to get someone to
teleport us to Fallinel.

Brennan: You guys hear a noise suddenly (screeching) of a blast of flame. Ayda
Aguefort stands here looking around. You see that she approaches all of you
and as she does, she goes and says,

(no music)

Ayda: That will not be necessary. A bargaining chip will not be needed to
teleport you. I can avail my services to you as of this present moment.

Kristen: Great, because I just worked. I'm exhausted. I need to get out of
here. Too much fighting.

Ayda: You do seem quite badly injured. There's a tone to your voice I can't
quite detect.

Kristen: Did anyone watch me specifically that whole time or were you all kind
of your own?

Riz: We all had our little moments. I got shot right in the face.

Fig: All I know is when I found you at the end there was so many melted ice
cream sandwiches.

Gorgug: There was a beak on my head for a little bit.

Kristen: Yeah. So I had a snack. Is Tracker back?

Brennan: Tracker reappears. She's like. (heavy breathing) Gives you a big hug.

Kristen: Are you okay?

Tracker: Okay, I was in some crazy maze world!

Kristen: What?

Tracker: Like a maze!

Kristen: Oh God!

Tracker: It sucked!

Kristen: We missed you! You missed my— (quietly) I didn't fight at all. I got
stunned, and I couldn't get out of it.

Tracker: I didn't fight either. I was stuck in a maze.

Kristen: I was stunned for maybe what feels like nine rounds.

Tracker: Yeah, I mean honestly, it feels like, yeah it was a long time.

Kristen: We'll get ‘em next time.

Brennan: You see that Ragh puts his hands on your back along with Tracker.
Cathilda pats you. She's just in her whole badass pirate getup and mostly did
not enter the fight and stayed with you. She says,

Cathilda: It's all right. Master Fabian, I didn't want to fight that bad.

Fabian: No it’s not. You got dressed to fight. You got dressed to fight. You
took off your maid outfit, and you get dressed to fight and then you just hung
out with me. Riz got. Riz died. He probably wouldn't have died.

Cathilda: Riz didn’t die.

Fabian: He like kind of died.

Riz: I almost died.

Cathilda: He got shot. It was a fun pirate trick,

Riz: Two death fails, Cathilda. Two. I almost died.

Cathilda: Where he made like he was dead, and then.

Fabian: He got punched a lot in the Row.

Cathilda: Is almost died the same as having died?

Riz: No. It's not.

Fabian: No.

Riz: Fabian. I think we all saw this going a little bit more epically, but
Adaine is gone. She sacrificed herself to save us and it just kind of shows
that it's not the end. We gotta keep going. We didn't bring our A game this
time, but.

Fig: Hey, Fabian?

Riz: It still keeps going. You'll be a hero next time.

Fabian: Yeah The Ball, next time, next time.

Riz: Hoot? Growl? Is that what we say when we get punked?

Fabian: Yeah, that’s what we say. We say hoot growl.

Brennan: Ragh goes,

Ragh: (lowly) Hoot growl. Hoot growl. Hoot growl.

Riz & Fabian: (weakly) Hoot growl.

Brennan: You see that Jamina Joy walks up. Coming inside she goes,

Jamina: (looks around, whirring) I see that it has been decided there is no
Pirate King in Leviathan.

Fig: Yeah, I'm gonna bring this crown away from here and there never will be.

Brennan: You see Cathilda looks at you, smiles, and goes,

Cathilda: (golf clap) I love that idea.

Fig: Do you?

Emily: Can I do an Insight check?

Murph: Fig, Fig, please. Please Fig.

Emily: 11.

Brennan: She looks and says,

Cathilda: I don't know what sort of beef you think we have, but.

Fig: I don't have beef. I'm just got my eye on all exits and entrances, if you
know what I'm talking about.

Cathilda: Do you?

Fabian: Like a German Shepherd.

Fig: (laughing) Like a German Shepherd. Just saying you make a lot of cookies.

Cathilda: I do make a lot of cookies. Is there something wrong with that?

Fig: No, it's actually really awesome. It's too good to be true.

Cathilda: (without usual good humor) I assure you, it's just good, and it's
true.

Fig: Okay.

Cathilda: Do I make myself clear?

Fig: Yeah. Actually, I don't. If you're secretly. Look, the Nightmare King
could be anyone except for my six friends.

Cathilda: (tilts head) All right.

Zac: I wanna grab his sword. Captain Whitclaw's sword.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Cool. You grab it.

Zac: Put it in front of Fabian and hit it. Stab into the planks.

Brennan: You see Cathilda looks and goes,

Cathilda: Ooh, well, if you would like to have Captain Whitclaw's sword and we
all had an equal part in helping get it.

Fabian: I don't deserve. Gorgug, you killed him. This is yours. You should.

Gorgug: Well do you want it? Will you use the sword?

Fig: Yeah, I'll use the sword.

Brennan: You see Jamina Joy, uh.. Cool, you can grab it. As soon as you grab
it, it feels like touching a live wire. Being electrocuted, it doesn't hurt.
It's just like a too intense feeling and it's just pure hatred manifesting in
the sword.

Gorgug: Unless you don't want it. I mean, I'm just. Look, weird day, right?
Weird day?

Fabian & Others: Weird day.

Ally: Yeah, can I talk to Fabian?

Brennan: Jamina Joy also says,

Jamina: Very good. You have saved Leviathan from what would have been a darker
fate. Also there is an unconscious elven man in a badly crashed van outside.

Cast: Oh no!

Murph: He got into a car accident?

Lou laughs loudly. Zac, Murph and Ally all put their faces in their hands.

Emily: For a second, I was. For a second, I was so hopeful it was the
divination elf but no, it was my dad.

Riz: We really need to get to Adaine.

Fig: Yes. Yeah, so.

Gorgug: I just don't know. I just don't know what's going on guys.

Fig: Ayda, will you send us to Fallinel? We need to save Adaine.

Ayda: It can be arranged. Adaine is my friend. We established it earlier. We
had pure verbal confirmation that we are friends now.

Fig: It was very formal. Very binding.

Ayda: What exactly made it formal?

Riz: The fact that you guys both said that you were friends, is usually more
than what most people would do in a friendship situation.

Ayda: What would be standard? Explain.

Fig: It's sort of an unspoken thing usually.

Riz: It’s just organic.

Ayda: That sounds deeply confusing and inefficient.

Riz: It is. It honestly is.

Fig: It is. It very much so is.

Ayda: Good. I’m glad we are on the same page.

Riz: It's super confusing. Your way is way better.

Ayda: It makes more sense to just establish it and then everyone gets an
answer.

Gorgug: Such a Riz answer.

Riz: Really, I think I have a lot of friends sometimes but then everyone's
mean to me.

(quiet piano music)

Brennan: We are going to cut from here. You are in a... Go ahead and give me
another Constitution saving throw. Boggy can give you help on this one as
well.

Siobhan: Yeah, 16.

Brennan: You resist the final round of the spell. It does not affect you. You
stand here surrounded by these wizards and your father. You see that the
conjurer ones, this is a little bit beefier, light mage armor dismisses the
air elemental and just walks away. The sort of goth looking one, sort of all
in raven, smiles at you, nods, and walks away. You're in a beautiful
courtyard. Smooth rounded marble flagstones are set into the garden. Looks
very a zen meditative type of place. Your father remains and the white gowned
elf, she looks at you and says,

Kir: Hello, I'm Kir. It's a pleasure to meet you. You did a very noble thing.
You saved your friends' lives.

Adaine: Don't give me that. You forced me to. I had no choice.

Kir: You did have a choice. You chose what I think to be the more noble
opportunity.

Adaine: I'm not having this conversation.

Siobhan: I Misty Step out of the room.

Brennan: The garden is quite large, and your father Dispels the Misty Step.

Siobhan: Great, I cast Greater Invisibility on myself.

Brennan: You see that Kir is under the effect of a True Sight spell, and on a
natural 18, Dispels your Greater Invisibility.

Siobhan: God damn it.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Siobhan: (looking through her spell cards) I'm not done!

Brennan: She says,

Kir: I assure you Adaine, we can have this duel if you wish, but there are
more of us, and we will tire long after you have. If you wish to have an
adversarial relationship I can oblige. You made a prediction at the beginning
of the fight. Do you remember what it was?

Siobhan: I'm just not gonna speak to them.

Brennan: She smiles and says,

Kir: I mentioned to our superiors that we were collecting the Elven Oracle to
bring her home. You made a prediction. You said I don't think so. Must not be
a very good Oracle.

Siobhan: I cast Misty Step again.

(laughter)

Brennan: You get hit with a Counterspell. You see that a number of Elven
advisors step out from around you.

Zac: Counterspell, counterspell, counterspell, counterspell. (laughs)

Brennan: Your father looks at you and says,

Angwyn: Adaine, this is unbecoming. You're behaving rashly and irrationally.
Would you like to know how your friends are doing?

Brennan: See Kir holds the hand up to her head. She goes,

Kir: (eyes closed) Your friends yet live on the pirate island of Leviathan.
You've done the right thing by saving them. (eyes open) Come. There is a
reason we have called you here. We need not be enemies.

Siobhan just shakes her head.

Brennan: You see she looks up at your father and says,

Kir: Perhaps, Mr. Abernant, it would be better for you to explain.

Brennan: You see that she walks away. Your father turns to you.

Adaine: You abandoned me. Why would I listen to anything that you have to say?
You treated me like garbage my entire childhood and then you left me behind
like trash. You're not my father. You've never been my father, and I will not
listen to anything that you say.

Angwyn: Adaine, I can’t control your destiny. Nor what choices you make. You
have always been obstinate and fixed in your ways.

Adaine puts her fingers in her ears and sings over him to drown him out, like
Gorgug.

Brennan: He uses telepathy and speaks into your mind.

Siobhan: Damn it!

Brennan: And goes, he just says,

Angwyn: Fallinel will find a way to have a relationship with the Elven Oracle.
Do you understand the implications of what I'm saying?

Adaine: I've already told you. I'm not the Elven Oracle.

Angwyn: You can believe as you wish. However, if you are not the Elven Oracle,
who will cooperate, the state of Fallinel is of the belief that it will find
an Elven Oracle who will and there is only one way to create a new Elven
Oracle.

Adaine: Yes, you have to kill me. Very fatherly.

Angwyn: I don't wish for any of this.

Adaine: Yes, you do. I've always been an inconvenience for you, and let me
tell you, I will continue to be an inconvenience to you, until the moment that
I am dead and I will haunt you. I will come back as a ghost. I know it can
happen, because my friend is one, and I will follow you around,

Angwyn: (deep sigh) Oh, my daughter,

Adaine: (holds out a hand to stop him) Because my unfinished business is to
annoy you forever, forever, and it will never end. That unfinished business
will remain unfinished because there is no level of an annoyance to you that
will be satisfying to the ghost of me.

Angwyn: (sighs) This is extremely expected. Very well, Adaine. Feel free to
continue throwing this tantrum. If you would like food, or to know where you
will be accommodated, you need only ask.

Brennan: And he turns and begins to walk out of the courtyard.

Siobhan: Is anybody looking right now? Like a lot of people?

Brennan: There are high walls around the courtyard and there's a high tower as
well. You see the sort of conjurer elf who is a little bit lightly armored.
Walks over. He's got thick long braided red hair. He walks over to you and
says,

Conjurer: (deep voice) Ms. Abernant, it is—

Siobhan: I lie down on the floor. Face down.

Conjurer: I was going to offer to get you some food or something to drink.

Siobhan shakes her head.

Murph: Just planking.

Brennan: You see. He looks and says,

Conjurer: All right. Very well. It seems we will have to do this the hard way.

Brennan: Manacles spring from his hands. He begins to lead you away from here
up into the tower. Go ahead and give me a Perception check if you'd be so
kind.

Siobhan: Can Boggy give me the help action?

Brennan: Yes, Boggy can give you the help action.

Siobhan: Great. That is a 23.

Brennan: You look into a room for a moment and you see that there is a large
beautiful Elven chamber. Silver and marble, sort of ambient light glowing on
the white stone. You see that there is a, almost like glass orb floating.
Within that orb, which is slightly turning, you see your sister. (cymbal roll
in the music) She is not floating within it. Instead, you see that she is
crawling on her hands and knees, as the orb slowly turns. She makes… Let's see
if she notices you. She doesn't. With the 23, you immediately see that...
Elves don't need to sleep, so it wouldn't be called sleep deprivation but
there are thick bags under her eyes and it looks like in the many months,
almost a year since you last saw her she has not been allowed to trance, and
is crawling in this ever turning orb.

Adaine: Here we are again! Here we are again!

Brennan: You are brought into a room. Shortly thereafter, as you are sat down,
Kir comes back in and Angwyn sits down next to her.

Siobhan: I'm fully under the blankets. There's truly nothing else I can do.

Brennan: No, you go under the blankets. Go ahead and make a Wisdom save for
me.

Siobhan: 11. Is this a charm?

Brennan: No, this is the Detect Thoughts spell.

Siobhan looks through her spell cards.

Brennan: Anything you can do?

Siobhan: I mean I can Ray of Frost them.

Brennan: Yeah. I mean like—

Siobhan: I guess. No, there's nothing I can do. Can Boggy give me advantage?
It's a psychic thing. I feel like that doesn't make any logistical sense for a
frog to help me stop that.

Brennan: Yeah, I don’t think so. You see that Kir just very politely says,

Kir: When is the last time you saw your mother?

Adaine shrugs.

Brennan: And though you do not respond verbally, your thoughts. The questions
prompt your thoughts, even in the moment before you can shut them down again,
and a series of questions is posed to you that are gleaned by the Elven maiden
who sits at the foot of your bed. Go ahead and give me another Perception
check.

Siobhan: With Boggy's help?

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: (sighs) 22.

Brennan: You look out and notice your position and see the stars outside of
your window, and can kind of tell where you are on the coast of Fallinel. As
you do so, the final question is posed to you,

Kir: And do you intend to cooperate or will you be as problematic as we
anticipate you might?

Brennan: And I just need Adaine's honest first response to that emotionally.

Adaine: What possible advantage to me or my friends can helping you give me?

Brennan: You see she says,

Kir: Very well. Move the prisoner to one of the orb rooms, and she.

Siobhan: I used all of my spells.

Emily: Do you have any Sending left?

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: She stands and moves away with you. We're gonna go back to Leviathan.

Emily: Can't wait to save Adaine!

Lou: We're gonna do it but together!

Brennan: Wonderful. So you see that Ayda looks at all of you here. Do you guys
stay here at the Row and the Ruction or do you go elsewhere?

Emily: I wanna get this crown away from this place.

Murph: Yeah, we're just taking the crown with us, I think. I think we find
Gilear and then we try to leave right away.

Emily: Yeah, I think,

Fig: Ayda. We need to get to Fallinel.

Kristen: The crown of the Nightmare King has passed through here, and now we
have another crown? I don't know if this is another like, hey that's a forest
situation, but can we check this crown, and see if there's anything
interesting about it?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Sure, go for it. Give me whatever check you wanna get.

Ally: Don't have to Identify or anything.

Murph: I'll do Investigate. Could somebody help me?

Ally: Yeah, I'll help you.

Emily: Yeah, I guess I'll give you a help.

Murph: Sweet. That is 27.

Brennan: Cool. This is a separate crown from the crown of the Nightmare King.

Fig: But I think if you know, we might as well get some destruction of crowns
under our belt. For minor ones before we have to destroy the regular Nightmare
Crown.

Siobhan: You should save it. Maybe it's cool.

Fig: I'm gonna save it, until we find a big volcano or something.

Riz: Fabian, what would Bill do?

Gorgug: Put it on a head.

Fabian: Yeah, he would put it on.

Brennan: Cathilda looks.

Riz: There's James's body.

Fig: Isn't that? Isn't what your dad wanted was for there to be no king?

Riz: Also what do you wanna do Fabian?

Fabian: I'd like to do… I don’t know, Cathilda, what do you think is best?

Cathilda: (sighs) Master Fabian, I'm sure I don't know. I think that Captain
James is dead. If you wish to return the crown to the Pirate King's head in
Gibbety Square, I'm sure that your father's legacy and memory would... There's
not many as brash as Captain James was.

Fig: Yeah, I'll also do that if you want to take the crown for that.

Fabian: Yeah, let's put it back on the head where Papa left it.

Fig: You do the honors. You put this star on the Christmas tree.

Lou: Okay. I'd like to walk up to the head in Gibbety Square.

Brennan: You guys head over to Gibbety Square. You're there with your
hirelings. The van is a little bit banged up. Gilear.

Gorgug: Gilear, what?

Gilear: I ran out to get in the van to go and get Garthy O'Brien, but what
happened was I wanted to back out so I looked around, but I hadn't shifted
into reverse.

Fig: Trying to do a K-turn?

Gorgug: I thought I was in reverse.

Brennan: The van goes,

Van: Man, I told you you were not in reverse. I don't wanna add insult to
injury.

Riz: So you basically had like a back-up cam and you still messed up the
K-turn.

Gilear: Normally, I drive an automatic.

Riz: It's not an automatic?

Gilear: The van is also automatic, but it's slightly. My one, the shift. This
one's one of these, and mine in my other.

Gorgug: Okay, no worries. No worries.

Gilear: I'm so sorry.

Gorgug: It's fine.

Fig: You have a part yet to play.

Gorgug: It's totally fine. Yeah we don't have to. It's Gilear. It's fine.

Fabian: It's a weird day.

Gilear: Yeah, I went unconscious.

Brennan: You see that Ayda looks at him and says,

Ayda: You're not visibly injured anywhere that I can see.

Brennan: You see he says,

Gilear: No, I did remember to buckle my seatbelt but the airbag went off and I
breathed some of it in and then I couldn't get it out so I just suffocated a
bit. (sigh)

Gorgug: I appreciate you giving it a shot.

Gilear: Okay. I actually did try my best.

Fig: You know what though? If you try your best every time, your best is gonna
keep getting better.

Gilear: That has not been my experience.

Riz: It should be.

Fig: Yeah, I was.

Gilear: My best tends to decrease in value with each passing day of my
immortal life.

Emily: I give him my last Bardic Inspiration.

Gilear: Thank you, daughter. Farewell, I shall go into the back of the van, if
anyone needs me, I will be surprised.

Brennan: You see Tracker looks around and says,

Tracker: (sighs) Well, it's good. It's good that Adaine... It sucks about
Adaine, but no one died, and we did save Leviathan. So that's good.

Fig: Maybe. We don't know what's happening with Adaine. We don't know what
they want to do with her.

Tracker: Well they wanted her alive. They did a lot of work to get her alive.

Riz: Yeah, but who knows what they're gonna make her do now.

Fig: Yeah, exactly. Hook her up to something. Trap her in a crystal, that
would be the second person in my life trapped in a frickin' stone.

Kristen: Ayda, you're able to get us to Fallinel, you think?

Ayda: Yes.

Kristen: Great.

Ayda: I believe so.

Kristen: That's awesome.

Fig: I'm ready to go now. I'm packed.

Riz: Let’s get this head up on the wall and then—

Kristen: Should we go in the morning? Should we just sleep and then?

Riz: No, we need to go now.

Fig: I wanna go now so I can wander around Messaging and see if I can make
contact with Adaine.

Riz: Yeah, Adaine sacrificed herself, we have to—

Kristen: (the video’s audio briefly cuts out here) I'm, pretty much took a
rest, next to some ice cream the whole time. I can do a bunch of healing.

Zac: Can I take Fabian aside?

Brennan: Sure. I'm gonna say that you guys have to go back to your rooms at
the Gold Gardens. Garthy O'Brian, Ayda Aguefort, and Jamina Joy all meet up
there to discuss, because with the Ramble burnt, the city's in a bit of chaos,
but they're also going to load you guys up with provisions and stuff in the
van to go to Fallinel. As you guys all meet up there. Yeah, you go ahead and
take Fabian aside.

Gorgug: Hey Fabian.

Fabian: (sadly) Yes, Gorgug.

Gorgug: I know it would have been really cool if you'd crossbowed him in the
face and then cut his head off or something, but that didn't happen, and
sometimes things aren't as clean as you want them to be, but when that
happens, your friends were there to back you up, and we fucking got him.

Fabian: You guys wrecked house. For sure.

Gorgug: But now. Adaine, needs our help, and we need to be there for her, so
I'm just gonna need you to buck up dude. It's not about you anymore. Not
trying to be too harsh, but we have to do this.

Fabian: Yeah, okay.

Zac: Take his sword from his thing and stab it in the ground.

Fabian: You've gotta stop doing that.

Gorgug: Is that dulling the blade?

Fabian: One, yes. Two, I don't know what the message is other than that my
sword's in front of me. Yeah, I'll buck up. Just stop.

Gorgug: Okay.

Fabian: Okay.

Brennan: You see Tracker looks at you sort of getting things ready. She says,

Tracker: I'm so sorry I vanished like that.

Kristen: Don't worry about it.

Tracker: Were you hurt? You almost got killed.

Kristen: I did almost get killed. I need a bunch of heals. We can do them on
the way.

Brennan: She's like,

Tracker: I'll take care of it.

Brennan: She says,

Tracker: Do you want me to go? We've got a minute. Do you want me to go heal
you upstairs?

Kristen: Absolutely yeah, We should do this.

Lou: Oh my—

Fig: (yelling) Adaine is gone! How could you think about this?

Ally: We are pounding.

Riz: People grieve in different ways.

Emily: I listen with a mixture of like, anger that you're having so much fun
at this time but also a curiosity like, what was that? Wow.

Ally: Someone dropped a bowling ball.

Brennan: Cool. You guys come back downstairs.

Ally: Can I pull Fabian aside really quick too and be like,

Kristen: Yeah Fabian I'm sure there's a lot going on, but.

Fabian: A lot of one on one's going on.

Kristen: Yeah, man I know.

Riz: From back there, do you wanna double up, or?

Kristen: Yeah. I went through a huge nothing is true that I thought was true
moment and it sucked, and I just felt a little bit weak and confused every
single day until I didn't and there's no way to rush it so I just want to let
you know you can keep doing exactly what you need and I got your back. We're a
big party and I'm sorry that I said you were gonna be the new Gilear. I would
never say something that mean, usually.

Fabian: It was pretty harsh.

Kristen: It was so harsh and I've been thinking about it nonstop and I just
wanna tell you, I take it back.

Fabian: I won't lie. There was a moment in which I truly was the new Gilear. I
saw myself.

Kristen: Don't say that about yourself! You are nothing like Gilear!

Emily: Can Gilear hear this? Can I give him—

Brennan: Gilear is standing just five feet away eating yogurt.

Emily: Can I Bestow Curse and Deafen him, so he doesn’t have to hear this?

Brennan: Hold on one second. You cast it in the sanctum of the Gold Gardens
and you see that something. (buzzing) Does a little gentle bubble of silence
around him. He goes,

Gilear: (sighs) That's better.

Zac: Could he have used his Bardic to try to resist?

Brennan: Kristen, after you have a meaningful heart to heart you see Gilear
comes over to you Fabian.

Gilear: Hello Fabian.

Fabian: Hi.

Gilear: I wanted to pull you aside for a minute.

Fabian: It feels right. It seems to be the moment.

Gilear: Look, I know what you're going through and on my way to the van, I was
accosted by a man, who said that he was going to kill me unless I gave him 250
gold pieces. Can I borrow 250 gold pieces?

Fabian: Sorry, is this a metaphor, or is this some way greater representative
of my situation? Do I need to buck up and be 250 gold pieces worth of—

Gilear: You need to shut the fuck up because I'm a dead man unless I get 250
gold pieces.

Fabian: Oh Gilear. Where is this energy coming from?

Gilear: Look, you're down here with me now. All right, you're rich. I'm not.
Help me. Please help me.

Fabian: All right. Don't tell anybody.

Gilear: I might tell people.

Fabian: Here's 250 gold pieces.

Gilear: Thank God, oh God!

Emily: I see this from afar and I nod thinking, Gilear, he's everyone's father
when they need him.

Gilear: All right, what's up with you? Is something happening?

Fabian: Can we table this?

Gilear: Yes, certainly. I'm going to go take care of this.

Brennan: And he walks off. You guys are gathered around. Jamina looks over and
says,

Jamina: As boatswain of Leviathan. I extend thanks to you. The prow of the
Crimson Claw will make good repairs in this city. You are welcome here,
whensoever you wish to return.

Fig: Can we get a coin or something so that next time we show up here they
don't impound our car?

Jamina: It'll be me. I won'timpound it.

Brennan: You see she walks away. Garthy looks at you, and they say,

Garthy: (London accent, calm) All right loveys. We've made provisions as we
can. I'm sorry that your friend did something so noble that it has now put her
in harm's way. Listen. Where is it you're trying to go, because Fallinel is a
country. It's enormous. Where are you trying to go within it?

Fig: Is there a prison in Fallinel? We were originally gonna try to break her
sister out of prison.

Fabian: I have the dossier from where Aelwyn is meant to be.

Kristen: Let's go there.

Fig: We'll camp outside. We don't need to go directly inside the prison.

Brennan: You see that, you remember the name, The tower is Calethriel Tower.

Fabian: Yeah. Calethriel Tower.

Brennan: Garthy goes and you see that they get a bunch of provisions together.
Ayda looks on her maps.

Ayda: Calethriel Tower. I will move us away from there.

Fig: Can you teleport us to the roof?

Brennan: You see that she looks over at Garthy. Garthy looks and says,

Garthy: Lovey, I'm sorry. That's a maximum security elven tower. They're
certainly gonna anticipate Teleportation. If you were to do that, what they
would probably do is delay you by 30 seconds. Cast a bunch of concentration
spells and you'd be welcome to a crowd of elementals if you arrived.

Brennan: Garthy looks and they say,

Garthy: (looking at the map) There are some nearby provinces around here.
There is something from the Court of Stars. Some wild gaming land and the land
of the Lomenelda.

Brennan: As they say, Lomenelda, that is your mother's family.

Fabian: Hey, the Lomenelda. That's actually my mama's, her family. I guess I
theoretically I have friends there in that they are my family. I just go there
and use it as a base of operations.

Fig: Yeah, that sounds great.

Ayda: Very well. Will I be welcome there? Or will people be rude and scared?

Fig: If they're rude we'll set them straight.

Gorgug: They're gonna be rude and scared of all of us.

Riz: They’re gonna be rude to us, I think.

Ayda: Why?

Fig: Well because we're adventurers.

Ayda: Ah.

Fabian: And we have a big van, and nobody knows what a van is.

Fig: We're also pretty rude ourselves.

Brennan: You see that she begins to create this fiery orange rune of
teleportation circles to move you guys. As she does so, you see Garthy looks
out at the rest of you and says,

Garthy: (sighs) Loveys, I'm sorry that your time in Leviathan has to be cut
short, but I hope that you find your friend. Get her back right quick. Come
back any time, yeah? You're always welcome.

Brennan: You guys, the runes begins to glow around you.

Ally: Can I watch how Sandra Lynn says bye to them?

Emily: (laughing uncomfortably) I close my eyes.

Brennan: Yes, go ahead. You see that Sandra Lynn. You see Garthy looks at
Sandra Lynn, kind of gives a... They give like a weird half knowing nod. It's
not. Garthy's not a very judgemental person but it's kind of like (Garthy
voice) lovey, you're a fuckin' mess. (normal voice) And I'm gonna make some
Insight checks. Gilear looks at the look between Sandra Lynn and Garthy,
furrows his eyebrows. Tracker looks and notices something. She turns to you
and says,

Tracker: What's that about?

Kristen: We can talk.

Tracker: What's up?

Kristen: There's a lot going on there, but I'm gonna wait until we have a
little bit more down time to talk.

Tracker: We just fucked upstairs.

Kristen: I know. It was on the tip of my tongue.

Tracker: It specifically wasn't.

Lou: Oh my— (crosstalk) Hot shots! (dancing)

Brennan: That's all for this week of "Dimension 20 Live!" (all laughing and
talking loudly)

Ally: Merry Christmas! And a happy holiday.

Brennan: Check out "Dimension 20 Live!" on dropout.tv. You have the promo code
NICE, (laughing) 69% off your first month. And next week we are live. We are
live at 7 p.m. Pacific next week. Next Wednesday. I believe that will be
Wednesday the 18th and that's gonna be our last show before the holidays and
New Year’s, so make sure to tune in next week! Goodbye!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 9:
Fallinel](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRkvPA_Q_tE33L9sSWQcu99zinpbZtXIFmG5tY84TMefw83-rK83DL3uos21R_YAREYi4P6M_YhVHcZ/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650532981720&usg=AOvVaw0mBfQwPv77JXbK99sOY4QJ)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: gluegunshots

Edited by: gluegunshots, tevildo, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxZ-P6-2NWpzo-
YtT4oRcHIceC0Q8DAPCxfVNBKDUfG9bpeHD1OcIgD1v_g5Sayzfo_gokZ3e61vLKSMyk:0)

Episode 9: Fallinel

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 9: Fallinel

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTLy_Gp6_tXtMV8pzl0YiIHzd1TXBvOJq9zY9C7g5w4hbzbr8cXzU2gKDT8S0UL8KQJiwxcRvPSX_Oz/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650535631824&usg=AOvVaw2MPxFrInUCOuslIL9-PExx)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTjx_VuWUARMCvF3Z3iuvWGq6a14ehLvSG9fICeFyXqtwzVJHbY-6O55u4BNT7QhH6OOhlyex6J_u62/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650535632427&usg=AOvVaw03KWFfvv3u0eXa1TNm8zH5)]
>

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live Presents Fantasy High
Sophomore Year. I'm your humble Dungeon Master Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me
as always are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan: Oh gosh, guys, this is our last live episode before the holiday
break. We're gonna be off for the next two weeks for Christmas and New Year's.
Happy Holidays to all of you guys at home and Happy New Year's, because we
won't see you before the New Year's. We also are gonna be coming back January
8th, that'll be the next time. So make sure to tune in, 7:00 p.m. Pacific, on
January 8th, that'll be the next time to come hang out. Also wanted to say
that we still have that promo code NICE for 69% off your first month of
Dropout if you sign up for Dropout.tv where you can catch all these many
seasons of our fun, actual play show Dimension 20. We have Fantasy High, we
started in season one, we also have The Unsleeping City and a bunch of other
fun content on Dropout.tv. Also, we've got a bunch of merch. You can head over
to our merch store and get stuff in time for the lovely holidays coming up.
You got this shirt, 69 and Heal, a little polygon with 69 on it. You got the
Ragh Barkrock special here, Check it out, I'm Gay.

Ally: [New York accent] ‘Ey, I'm walking here! I'm gay!

Brennan: I'm gay here! And then we also have this map. (group cheering) Isn't
that fun? A map of the City of Leviathan. (group oohing and ahhing) Isn't that
fun?

Siobhan: Oh it's so cool!

Emily: Ooh la la!

Brennan: Get your own map of the pirate city here.

Ally: That's really nice.

Lou: That's beautiful.

Emily: That's gorge.

Brennan: Last--

Lou: I'd like that for Christmas.

Emily: Yeah, me too.

Lou: If anyone's looking to get me a Christmas present.

Emily: What kind of hide is that on?

Brennan: What kind of hide is that on? Only the finest animal pelt, beast
pelt, that Kinkos offers.

[PROMOS END]

[EPISODE BEGINS]

Brennan: Last we left off our intrepid heroes, they had teleported from the
pirate city of Leviathan to the elven lands of Fallinel. You see our intrepid
heroes are on their Spring Break mission to retrieve the crown of the
Nightmare King. Their adventure brought them to Bastion City and the Hotel
Cavalier, to the pirate city of Leviathan, and has now brought them to the
elven land of Fallinel where their companion and friend Adaine Abernant has
been seized by elven authorities as the elven oracle and is being kept along
with her sister, Aelwyn Abernant, in Calethriel Tower. We have not gone over
to Calethriel Tower. We have instead gone to the lands of the Lomenelda, which
is Fabian's mom's family, here in Fallinel. The quest continues with the crown
of the Nightmare King and we venture back into the world of Spire. Ayda
Aguefort raises her hands. Runes of fire sweep around you and the Hangvan,
with the disanimated body of the Hangman still atop it. Ragh Barkrock, Gilear
Faeth, Sandra Lynn Faeth, Tracker O’Shaughnessey, and Cathilda the Black,
along with five of our intrepid heroes, oh and Boggy and Baxter, as- [to
Siobhan] no, Boggy’s with you.

Siobhan: Boggy's with me, how dare you.

Brennan: -Baxter the Griffin, appear in deep and ancient forests. [speaking
grandly] Tall trees of twilight bark glow deeply in the presence of the
setting sun. The forest floor is soft with green grass and you see blossoms
descend from the heights of branches far above. The blossoms float gently on
the wind and are kissed by feet of butterflies that are light and disappear in
motes of magic. Somber and solemn reflection of the beauty of the natural
world fills this place. You notice there are no mud puddles or piles of leaves
or twigs or brambles anywhere. The forest floor is kept stately and pristine
with grass and there are no low branches on any of these trees. The trunks of
the trees grow straight and tall for 100 or more feet up, which means that the
visibility of the forest extends wide in all directions; you can see as it
slopes, you hear the babbling of clear brooks. A single deer, eight-pointed
antlers above its head, walks stately through the forest.

Fig: Okay, this is Aguefort's creature that he made me. Hi.

Brennan: A single tear from the cheek of the deer turns into a mote of
stardust. The deer gazes and reflects upon it and the deer prances away into
the forest.

Fig: Oh, sorry.

Gorgug: It's like that deer had a moment.

Fig: I don't know, I guess maybe I have to build up trust with it? Who was I,
coming at a feral animal like that?

Kristen: Yeah, you should get it a gift.

Fig: Okay.

Fabian: This place is-

Riz: Our friend has been kidnapped.

Fig: Right! [claps]

Brennan: Ayda looks at all of you and says,

Ayda: This place is extremely beautiful. It is unsettling.

Riz: Agreed.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You hear far off a few plaintive notes of a melody so deep and rich
and sorrowful that it can only serve to stir your heart and almost freeze you
where you stand with its unearthly beauty, set to a minor chord with like
butterfly notes, sort of (mimicking flute music) sad, trailing, whisper song.

Zac: Gorgug takes out his crystal and starts Shazamming.

(laughing)

Brennan: [apologetically] No cell tower here. [Gorgug gives a deep sigh of
disappointment] You’ve got no data.

Ally: That's the worst thing that's happened because he didn't have any cell
service.

Murph: I think it's Sufjan Stevens.

(laughing)

Emily: Yeah, it is. Do you hear that, Michigan, it's Michigan.

Brennan: What do you guys do here in the woods?

Emily: Should we try to make a puddle?

Murph: Should we sneak up on whoever's playing that music?

Emily: Yeah, I mean, actually can I-- I don't know how, just like I'm gonna be
doing this all the time. I've got Message and I can just point my finger
towards, I just wanna point in every direction and try to message Adaine.

Fig: Adaine, Adaine, Adaine, Adaine, Adaine, Adaine.

Brennan: So this message cantrip radar starts binging nonstop-

Ally: Like a sprinkler.

Fig: Adaine, Adaine, Adaine, Adaine, Adaine.

Brennan: You hear that plaintive singing off in the distance and you move your
way through the woodlands towards that place.

Zac: Am I- Are we in the van? We're in the van?

Brennan: If you want, you just teleported, so if you want to all get in the
van, you can all get in the van.

Emily: I'm gonna walk alongside the van.

Zac: I'm gonna take some, I'm gonna look for like a couple of big leaves to
cover the van.

Emily: A couple of big leaves to cover the van?

Zac: Where's Sandra Lynn? Does she have any survival skills that we could
maybe like hide the van a little bit?

Brennan: Yeah, we see that she, Sandra Lynn can cast, she's just never
prepared right now. See, she says,

Sandra Lynn: I don't know if we should be worried about stealth right at this
moment.

Gorgug: Okay.

Fabian: The deer was crying stardust.

Fig: I know.

Emily: I'm gonna make a little mound as if an offering and place a clove
cigarette and write in a circle around it, ‘To the many-antlered deer who
cried stars. Love, Fig.’

Brennan: As you place that cig on the ground, or as you place that clove on
the ground, and there's a sort of crushed little cigarette butt, you suddenly
hear-

Emily: It's not used, it's fresh.

Brennan: It's a fresh cigarette.

Lou: Wow.

Brennan: You feel the wind kick up. (somber music) A tall elf with regal green
robes and a silver circlet, he has sort of like a receding hairline like a
widow's peak but there's a little jut in the front, this long, platinum-white
blond hair. And he has this eternal youth of an elf, but you can see from the
crinkle of his eyes, there are few signs of aging in that kind of Elrond way
where it's like he has the look of a dude in his late 40’s, early 50’s who's
kept it really tight and really taken care of his body. But you see, he looks
off with shimmering blue eyes, and he appears as if by magic.

Elf: (measured, deep voice, British accent) Ah, I see your deposit, your
cigarette here on the pristine floor of the forest.

Fig: Oh, it's not trash, it's an offering. I met my future beast.

Elf: I don't know what that's about, (cast laughing) but I'm pretty sure it's
still trash. Please don't put cigarettes on the ground.

Fig: It's not a cigarette, it's a clove, all natural.

Elf: I see, you've come here just in time. I am Telemaine Lomenelda.

Fabian: Grandpapa?

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Telemaine: Fah-be-ahn.

Fabian: I mean- [hems and haws]

Fig: That's catchy, Fahbiahn, it is.

Kristen: Fahbiahn Saycastair.

Fabian: We say Fabian.

Brennan: You see, he approaches you and as he moves, you see the hem of his
robe as it moves perfectly only touches the very tips of the grass and his
movements are so supernaturally graceful. He comes close to you and goes
(taking quick breaths).

Emily: Ew, no, illegal, illegal.

Brennan: Touches your cheek. You see he says,

Telemaine: Can it be? My grandson.

Fabian: I've heard a story of you. You're my mother, Hallariel’s father, yes?

Telemaine: My daughter, Hallariel Lomenelda of Kei Lumennura.

Brennan: Chanting elven voices emerge from the air around him. (mimicking many
whispering elven voices)

Murph: Riz just has his hand on his gun.

Fig: I can't believe I’m half this.

Brennan: You see, your Mom goes,

Sandra Lynn: (shaking her head) You’re not half this, these are high elves,
these are not wood elves.

Brennan: You see, Gilear says,

Gilear: The beauty of the elven homeland. I think I can be of some aid here.
Honored elder, I am Gilear Faeth, a diplomat and courtier of the elven folk.
Well have you kept these woods. They are despoiled not by trash or stains or
refuse of any kind.

Gorgug: I don't know why he would have to mention that.

Emily: I give him Bardic Inspiration and I also do Prestidigitation to make
his cheeks look just rosier and more-

Brennan: Less sallow. He hasn't shaved in a few days because he's been on this
adventure, so he is like, scruffy and dirty. He has big pit stains. So it's a
1d8 from your...

Emily: My Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: (suspiciously) What are all those dice?

Brennan: I'm gonna roll in the Box of Doom real quick.

Emily: What?!

Lou: What?!

Emily: Why?

Lou: Nobody asked Gilear to talk.

Brennan: In the Box of Doom super quick.

Emily, Lou, Siobhan: [chanting] Nat 20, nat 20, nat 20!

Brennan: That's a natural 18!

Emily: Oh, okay.

Brennan: Plus 5.

Ally: Eyy!

Brennan: There you go, minus two for natural Charisma, but that's above 20.
You see that Telemaine looks at you and says,

Telemaine: You are escorted to the land of the elves by members of the elven
people. And you have brought my grandson. Tell me, (overemphasis) Fahbiahn
Arai-ah-mai-is Seacaster. What has brought you here to Kei Lumennura?

Fabian: Well, so we're, I am in high school and I, we are doing our school
project for our final grade for sophomore year, and-

(stifled laughter)

Kristen: [encouragingly] He's tracking, he's tracking.

Fabian: And we, our friend has been captured because they're important and so
we're doing reconnaissance to get them back.

Brennan: He reaches out without looking and a single blossom alights on his
hand and he is weeping without moving his face.

Fabian: I'm so sorry.

Brennan: He brings the blossom up and says,

Telemaine: You, (whispering) my beautiful grandson, like this blossom, your
human blood has brought mortality to our family. You will one day die. (blows
in hand)

Fig: (swatting the flower away) Well, he got that on me.

Brennan: The blossom kinda goes into your mouth.

Fig spits out the flower.

Fabian: Oh, okay, I mean, I was just telling you what we were doing here and
your response was that I'm gonna die?

Telemaine: (strange, one-note weeping)

Fig: Again, illegal.

Riz: He's doing okay.

Telemaine: (weeping)

Riz: It's okay, you can move your face when you do that. Just move it a little
bit.

Gorgug: His tears are thousands of years old.

Fabian: Grandpapa, are you okay?

Ally: This is such a weird cry.

(weeping)

Zac: Can I roll just a Perception, an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah, roll an Insight check.

Zac: Insight, I should know this by now, 14.

Brennan: What are you looking for here?

Zac: What is this? [gestures to Telemaine]

(laughing)

Brennan: This is bad, but you think that you are in good, clearly he is like,
Gilear said the right stuff and Fabian is much beloved by this old man who he
has never met. You see as you look at him, you see he smiles and says,

Telemaine: (exhales) What do you see when you gaze upon my face?

Gorgug: Well, my first thought is just the idea of time and then sort of just
the idea of going real slow. And then, kind of the idea of just sort of taking
a nap?

Brennan: You see, he looks and says,

Telemaine: A nap. I don't suppose people of your kind can nap, your time is so
short.

Gorgug: We can nap, anyone can nap.

Fig: We nap a lot.

Telemaine: To think you will live for only 20 years and yet you still-

Gorgug: No, no, no…

Fig: Okay, but you can live forever and you don't eat fast food.

Telemaine: What?

Fig: You can live forever and you don't eat junk food.

Telemaine: What is fast food?

Fabian: Hamburger.

Kristen: You get a cheeseburger combo.

Fabian: Or a French fry.

Kristen: Chicken nuggets.

Riz: Do you know of elves who are keepers of the Elven Oracle?

Fig: Yes. My best friend was taken.

Fabian: Our best friend, we're all good friends.

Fig: Yeah.

Telemaine: She is mortal and has died and has been taken across...

Fabian: No.. she's also a high elf.

Fig: No, I guess she's immortal. Or what do you call yourself? Most close to
immortal?

Telemaine: Walk with me through the forest.

Gorgug: I live longer than 20 years.

Brennan: You see, he opens his arms wide and says,

Telemaine: Welcome, for what joy it may bring you, to Kei Lumennura!

Brennan: And you see that blossoms explode and an illusion parts and you see a
vast grotto, there's like a crystal clear lake of rocks and this beautiful
peach, alabaster, ivory elven villa of warm-looking stone, covered in
trellises and ancient trees, overlooking streams over this grotto. And you see
dozens or even hundreds of elven youths that are laughing and jumping into the
stream and playing on blankets eating fruit and just generally looks like a
sweet summer palace.

Fig: Where are the teenagers? Where are the grumpy, grouchy teenagers?

Telemaine: Tunaijaris. Tenijaris.

Fabian: Oh d-- you say--

Riz: He’s speaking the elven tongue.

Fig: You're not even reading it.

Telemaine: What?

(laughing)

Gorgug: Teenagers.

Telemaine: Tanjarus.

All: Teenagers.

Fig: Tangerine, I'm looking for a tangerine!

Telemaine: I know not of this word you have-

Gorgug: Teen.

Telemaine: Tine.

Gorgug: Agers.

(laughing)

Telemaine: Gaiger.

Fabian: You added a G, he said ager.

Telemaine: I'm saying what you're all saying.

Kristen: No, you're not.

Telemaine: The important thing is this. (cast laughing) Lomenelda.

Fabian: Hard pivot. Okay, sir.

Gorgug: I feel like we could say anything and you would just keep going on
whatever.

Riz: Is he a recording? (laughs)

Fig: My name's Fig.

Telemaine: Figueroth.

Fig: Yeah, yeah, that's pretty good.

Gorgug: My name's Gorgug.

Telemaine: Jorjudge.

Kristen: Jorjudge?

Fabian: Honestly I might start calling him Jorjudge. Jorjudge!

Riz: (crosstalk) I’m gonna start calling you Jorjudge.

Fig: Jorjudge.

Gorgug: Jorjudge is kinda cool.

Brennan: You see, he says,

Telemaine: You have come from strange lands beyond. You have come with your
friends. To think my grandson has brought orc and goblin and human to this
realm. And I see you have brought this iron- I don't—

Kristen: It's a van.

Gorgug: It's my van.

Fig: It's a van. By the way, do you have a gas station here?

Gorgug: We don't need gas. We have crystal in it that does-

Fig: Because we don't need one if you have it.

(laughing)

Gorgug: We don't need a gas station.

Fig: Pop quiz.

Murph: You guys simply must stop talking to him.

(laughing)

Emily: I like the way he says things.

Ally: I want him to say van.

Lou: Yeah, I just keeping hoping he says words back to us.

Telemaine: This iron fortress, this fortress wagon.

Kristen: It's a van.

Fig: It belongs-

Telemaine: Bahn.

Fig: It belongs to him, this guy. [gestures to Gorgug]

Telemaine: You have tamed this iron beast.

Brennan: You see he approaches the van and says,

Telemaine: You may pass in these lands for Jorjudge has brought you here.

Fabian: [weakly] Jorjudge.

(laughing)

Brennan: You see, he looks at you and says,

Telemaine: How much longer do you have yet to live?

Gorgug: I think a pretty long time. I'm not close to dying. I’m pretty young.

Fabian: He already died once.

Fig: Have you been to the doctor recently?

Riz: (crosstalk) Do you know something?

Kristen: So have I, I died once and I came back to life.

Gorgug: I have died before.

Kristen: Jesus, Helio, and everyone involved are all bros.

Telemaine: Bross?

Kristen: Yeah, they're all bross.

Gorgug: There's gotta be some crossover in the words that we say.

Telemaine: What is bross?

Fabian: Brother, do you know brother?

Telemaine: Brother, yes.

Kristen: Our friend is the Elven Oracle and she got taken away by a bunch of
sleek, sexy elves.

Telemaine: Ah, the elven people are all sleek and sexy, I’m afraid.

Kristen: So that... that landed.

Fig: No, but baddies..

Telemaine: What's that?

Fig: What does the elven oracle usually mean to the elvish people and how
might the elven oracle be used in a bad way?

Telemaine: Without the elven oracle we are lost.

Riz: Do you know where the Abernant family lives here?

Telemaine: The (overemphasis on the r’s) Abernant family has had all of their
estate and wealth reclaimed by the Court of Stars for their treachery and
failure to prevent a war with Solace. The betrayal and treason of Arianwen has
not gone without notice, however Lomenelda have long remained removed from the
political strife of the Court of Stars. In the opinion of myself, the
Abernants were callous and cruel, power hungry. To think that they would have
left the immortal shores of Fallinel. Where else could you see this, for
example? (gestures)

Brennan: And you see that there's a woman who's standing in a vined archway
and the wind blows a diaphanous white gown and she just dances in the archway.
(waves arms semi-gracefully) And he says,

Telemaine: She's been doing that for 300 years.

Fabian: Is that her career?

Telemaine: Caraare.

Fabian: Is that her job?

Telemaine: Jobe?

Fabian: Is that what she does for a living?

Kristen: Also where would we find (mimicking Telemaine) Ale-wine?

Brennan: You see he says,

Telemaine: Aelwyn Abernant, the sister of Adaine.

Fabian: Yes.

Telemaine: I know not, has your quest brought you here to the lands of the
Lomenelda seeking without answer?

Fabian: We know where she is. She's nearby some sort of prison or fortress. I
can check, I have the dossier that has information about the location itself.

Telemaine: Ah.

Fig: What do you know about the Abernant mother?

Telemaine: Arianwen.

Fig: She's the one that you said committed the great-

Telemaine: I know not what her crimes were, but I know that she fled to these
shores some [uncertain] minutes ago?

Kristen: Minutes?

Riz: Probably longer. Probably longer.

Kristen: Oh, he doesn't know time.

Riz: He's doing some elves stuff.

Fabian: How long have we been here?

Telemaine: You just got here this very moment.

Fig: That's kinda true. We really have not been here for that long. I’m with
you on that.

Riz: A solid 10 minutes or so.

Gorgug: Have you ever seen each other? Have you ever met?

Fabian: No?

Telemaine: My darling grandson.

Brennan: He was leading through the grotto, anyone here that wants to make
Insight or Perception checks about this space that you're in? Feel absolutely
free to.

Emily: I just wanna look for my stag again.

Zac: Nat 1.

Ally: 19.

Murph: 17.

Lou: 6.

Brennan: 17, 6, cool.

Emily: I got a 9 to find my stag.

Brennan: Cool. What are you guys who rolled about a 15 looking for in
particular?

Murph: I guess trying to make sure that these people aren't all under a spell
or something. I think Riz is pretty paranoid about that.

Lou: Rude, Riz.

Brennan: You look around, you see that there are some elves. You see that
there are two elven youths that are just clad in sort of white linen shorts
that otherwise are unclothed and are near this pool. And you see, one of them
looks at another and says,

Elf: (standard Elf voice, posh RP British) Haldoren, have you seen my lute?

Brennan: And the other one says,

Elf: (Elf voice) I don't know, man, where did you leave it?

Brennan: And he says,

Elf: I heard from Threthraine that you maybe took it and that's a dick move.

Brennan: And you see that he shoves the kid and the other kid shoves him back
and you hear a bit of that siren song you heard before. And the two of these
young kind of teen-looking elves that were shoving each other both relax and
you see that one of them says,

Elf: Conflict is pointless. New lutes are easy to make. I forgive thee,
Haldorn.

Brennan: And walks away.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: I was looking to see if this was a spell that we were seeing, this isn't
really where we are, like our perception of-

Brennan: Do you use any spells to confirm that?

Ally: I just got a 19 on Perception.

Brennan: Cool. There's a lot of magical shit going on here. Telemaine actually
looks and notices though. You see he says,

Telemaine: Are you gazing at the elven youths that abound here in Kei
Lumennura?

Riz: I was more wondering where that music's coming from.

Kristen: Ooh, yeah, it's so great. Where exactly is it?

Telemaine: The Muse of Sorrow. She sings her song. I am Telemaine Lomenelda. I
was gifted with this place after crafting a sword for the ancient king of
Fallinel. I am the Smith of Fandrangor, Sword of the North Star, Blade of King
Thristwin Eversong. 3000 years ago did I craft this blade, and I was gifted
with stewardship of these lands. Throughout Fallinel, before elves come to an
age of full maturity, but after the sweet spring of their infancy, there is a
brief moment where they are gripped by a madness, where they become angry and
horny and stupid and they are banished by their families here to Kei Lumennura
where we kind of just sit tight on them for the briefest of moments.

Kristen: Wait, this is all horny teens and you're just here playing lute music
at them so that they won't do anything bad?

Telemaine: Long ago in the lore of Fallinel, we found that there was truly
just the briefest window of time where elves were not good to be around and we
banished them here to Kei Lumennura.

Gorgug: So this is like a different school? This is a high school?

Telemaine: Haichole.

Gorgug: Come on. You know the word high, right?

Fig: Tell him, Jorjudge.

Telemaine: It's two words?

Gorgug: Yes, but-

Telemaine: The high chole.

Riz: Closer.

Fig: Yeah, the high chole. Yeah, you nailed it.

Gorgug: I think I gotta walk, I'm gonna take a walk.

Kristen: We hang out with an elf all the time who's in that age and she's
lovely.

Telemaine lets out a sort of strained laugh, then sighs.

Gorgug: She kinda brained someone with a…

Fabian: Ladle.

Kristen: Yeah, she broke a woman’s skull.

Riz: But who of us hasn't killed somebody?

Gorgug: Sure, yeah.

Telemaine: What?

Fabian: We're rather rambunctious. I'm a rambunctious young man.

Telemaine: Then eat of the grapes. Any grape you find is good to eat.

Riz: No one eat anything.

Kristen: No one eat a single grape.

Telemaine: Even if you find them on the ground, they're good.

Riz: No one eat anything off the ground.

Fig: (crosstalk) (holding up a hand) Thank you, no thank you. Thank you, no
thank you. I’ll stay— I’ll stay miserable and horny, thanks.

Gorgug: (crosstalk) You’re telling me I can eat a grape off the ground?

Ally: (crosstalk) Can I find exactly where the music is coming from?

Riz: (crosstalk) Jorjug! Do not.

Fabian: It won’t have— It won’t have any germs…

Riz: Jorjug. Stop.

Gorgug: I’m just— I’m just trying to—

Fig: Jorjug!

Gorgug: I’m just saying like, eating a grape off the ground-

Fabian: I'll eat a grape and we can all, it’ll be a tester—

Kristen: Do not eat a grape!

Fig: (crosstalk) Fabian!

Fabian: It's my grandfather's legacy.

Kristen: We’re not hungry!

Fig: Don’t eat your grandfather's grapes.

(Kristen pushes Fabian’s hand down)

Ally: I whack the grape out—

Zac: Jorjudge starts stomping grapes.

[Siobhan bursts out laughing]

Brennan: You see that (laughing) this ancient elf turns to you and says,

Telemaine: So you believe that your friend Adaine Abernant and her sister
Aelwyn were both taken by members of the Court of Stars.

Fabian: Yes.

Lou: Would we recognize Adaine's father from the previous battle?

Brennan: Yeah, definitely.

Fabian: Yes, we believe, I think the Court of Stars as well as her own father
captured her, teleported away.

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Telemaine: May I speak freely amongst your company?

Kristen: Yeah.

Fabian: Totally.

Fig: Okay.

Telemaine: Angwyn Abernant is a crass and small man. There is no nobility
within his frame. His soul wants for only power. I believe there is no part of
him that could behold the beauty of a single drop of water. (holds up a finger
with a drop of water on it and stares at it)

Gorgug: You've been carrying that drop of water?

Telemaine: This whole time.

Fig: Do you want a tissue, or something?

Telemaine has tears running down his cheeks again.

Fig: Oh, actually I was talking about for the drop of water, but, yeah,
there's a lot more water being made.

Telemaine: (still staring at the water) How does it just do that?

Fabian: Grandpapa, we-

Kristen: Are you on mushrooms? Are you on some sort of psychedelic?

Telemaine: Would you like to be on mushrooms?

Fig: I would.

Kristen: Yeah.

Telemaine: There are lounging mushrooms in the grotto.

Brennan: And you see huge puffy mushrooms to sit on.

[disappointed noises]

Fabian: I would love to sit on them.

Kristen: It's for the best, I've never done them, so.

Fabian: Grandpapa.

Fig: I do do them.

Fabian: We're worried about Adaine.

Fig: Yeah.

Telemaine: Yes.

Fabian: We'd very much like to, as incredible as this place is.

Kristen: This is a great place.

Telemaine: I'd like everyone to try and behold a drop of water just so you get
what I'm talking about.

Fabian: Okay.

Gorgug: I thought we did.

Fig: I guess, okay, I'll try, but then you gotta point me in the direction of
the prison.

Telemaine: What prison do you speak of?

Gorgug: A tower?

Fabian: Well, it's a tower.

Lou: Can I, what is-- ?

Brennan: Calethriel Tower.

Fabian: Calethriel Tower.

Brennan: The wind blows and his long, blond tresses sway in the wind.

Telemaine: Calethriel Tower lies immediately to the north of these lands. I
didn't know that there was stuff going on with that.

Fabian: Well, I'm not sure, at least, I don’t know if there's a bunch of stuff
going on, but there's stuff that’s particular to us going on there.

Riz: Was it previously abandoned?

Telemaine: Calethriel Tower is a place of mourning for the ancient widow
Calethriel. Her husband sailed in great war against the humans of Highcourt.
And he (sniffs, moans in fear) died, he died.

Gorgug: How long ago did that happen?

Telemaine: 500 years past. (moaning)

Fig: (crosstalk) So like, 3 million years ago?

Kristen: Oh, I’m so so-

Ally: I try to comfort this old elf.

Zac: Gorgug goes and lays down in the van. (cast laughing) There's a window
cracked.

Kristen: Hey, we know it's north, let's just go.

Riz: We should get some-

Kristen: We should get some grapes.

Fig: I'm fine to not rest. Just put it out there, I'm fine just (hitting fist)
Let's go get our girl.

Riz: I'm beat up, but I can take a short rest and be okay. How is everybody
else doing?

Fig: I mean, I'm out of most things.

Kristen: I didn't really do anything last time.

Zac: I have a level of exhaustion from frenzy.

Emily: I'm out of most things. My hit points are pretty bad. I think I've got
about one spell left.

Riz: They need Adaine, they're not going to do anything to her.

Kristen: I hope.

Gorgug: Could we just maybe rest for the night and then, or maybe some people-

Telemaine: Come. You shall be fed and brought to beds where elven sheets
crafted by elven sheetsmiths in ages long past—

Gorgug: Sheetsmiths?

Telemaine: Would you believe 80,000 thread count?

Kristen: Whoa.

Fabian: No.

Kristen: That sounds like sleeping on cream.

Fig: More or way less.

Telemaine: Would you like to sleep on cream?

Kristen: Yeah, totally.

Riz: I feel like we should, we got, our friend is kidnapped, we shouldn't have
too much fun. Do you have anything just like 100 thread count?

Fabian: Whoa, all right-

Kristen: Again, we’re not in mourning.

Fabian: — I'm going to sleep on an 80,000 thread count.

Telemaine: To think you feel you cannot even spend one night in sleep for your
deaths so fast approach.

Fig: You're the one who just made us feel bad about napping.

Telemaine: What?

Fig: I don't know, I’m gonna sleep on mushrooms.

Kristen: Can't win with this guy. Should we sleep in the van and have Tracker
do some sort of room situation?

Gorgug: We still have like our sleeping bag situation.

Riz: Yeah, I’m gonna sleep in the van.

Fig: I wanna sleep in the van.

Fabian: I'm just gonna take the sheets off one of the beds (laughing) and
bring them back to the van. I'm not missing out on this.

Riz: Our friend is kidnapped, everyone, Tracker bedrolls.

Brennan: Yeah, Tracker's like,

Tracker: You can bring as many sheets and I'll use them to make the Moon
Haven.

Riz: (to Fabian) Regular bedrolls!

Fabian: No! The Ball, no.

Fig: You guys have like a boyfriend pillow or anything like that? Like a body
pillow, it's called a body pillow or a boyfriend pillow.

Telemaine: Joyjarant. Groyfriend.

Gorgug: Which word are you trying to say?

Telemaine: It's two words?

Fabian: Jorjjug!

Kristen: It’s three pillows!

Telemaine: Boy and friend.

Fig: Boyfriend pillow? Body pillow? Goes by many names...

Riz: Jorjudge.

Fabian: Jorjudge. (laughs)

Gorgug: I'm getting pissed. I'm getting pissed.

Kristen: (mockingly) Jooor-judge.

Riz: Jorjudge!

Fabian: This is my grandfather!

Riz: He’s a nice guy. He doesn’t like the—

Gorgug: Hey, can I cut to the point. (quietly, to Fabian) Your grandfather's
pissing me off.

Fabian: Jorjug, you're being rude, all right.

Gorgug: All right, all right.

Fabian: Just because my grandfather says words differently.

Gorgug: I’m stressed out, I'm sorry, I'm stressed out.

Fabian: There's a lot going on.

Riz: Fabian, he’s a lot. He's really a lot.

Fig: He's going real slow and we’re going really fast.

Fabian: Oh, everyone's so excited to do my dad's snuff, all right, but then my
grandpapa says a couple of weird words and we're all like, fuck this guy?

Fig: Adaine wasn't missing when we did your granddad's, your grandfather's
snuff?

Fabian: Your papa's snuff.

Fig: Your papa's snuff.

Ally: Can I cast Detect Evil and Good?

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: I start casting that.

Brennan: You cast Detect Evil and Good. You detect sort of a lot of ambient
fae/celestial energy. There's not too many active fairies in Fallinel, the
elves would find fairies a little bit too chaotic. Fairies are usually not
mournful enough for these elves. There's sort of a loose fae/celestial energy
in the place, not any actual other-worldly beings, though.

Ally: Cool.

Zac: Gorgug is gonna put his headphones on.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Because he sees all these people reacting to this music in such a way and
wants to just, I don't know.

Brennan: Ragh sits next to you in the van as you do that and is basically
like,

Ragh: (blows out air) This place is a trip, dude, it's wild.

Gorgug: Yeah, yeah.

Ragh: It's crazy, these like dudes just running around eating grapes, so
stupid.

Kristen: Oh, you love everyone here.

Riz: Ragh, do you love this place?

Ragh: [defensively] No, shut the fuck up, I don't fucking love this place!

Kristen: Go talk to someone.

Ragh: [angrily] Okay, thank you!

Brennan: And he walks off.

Gorgug: [yelling after Ragh] Don't eat any grapes!

Kristen: Sorry, I'm so sorry.

Gorgug: Don’t eat anything!

Riz: He’s gonna eat grapes. He's gonna come back and he's not gonna be horny
anymore.

Emily: (crosstalk) You know what, I think— I gotta—

Ally: Can I talk to the crystal in the van? Can I talk to the Hangvan?

Brennan: Sure. The Hangvan is like,

Hangvan: Kristen Applebees! A little one on one, okay, what's up, homie?

Kristen: Did you know, we're in Fallinel right now?

Hangvan: I heard of it. About it.

Kristen: Similar vibe. Is this kinda your people?

Hangvan: You know, I feel like everyone's kind of partying, but they feel sort
of sad about it. For me, I'm less like blossoms on the wind, like, diaphanous
white gowns, and I'm more like, how about a couple of glass bottles of soda on
the beach, our favorite tunes, and like, you know like, some kind of chill
letter board game, you know.

Kristen: Oh, cool, okay, gotcha. Yeah, I actually know exactly who you are.
(laughs)

Brennan: Tracker looks over at you and says,

Tracker: Hey, when we were teleporting, you mentioned something about Sandra
Lynn and Garthy. What's up?

Kristen: (closes eyes and sighs) Are you done with the Moon Haven?

Tracker: Well, I should wait to cast until we're all ready to go to sleep, but
yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, we should talk.

Ally: Can we like just go talk?

Brennan: Yeah, you can talk one on one, yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, Sandra Lynn I think slept with Garthy. I think they were into
them.

Tracker: What?

Kristen: Yeah.

Tracker: Wait, when did this happen?

Kristen: When we were there the first night. After the octopus, when I took
the octopus's beer and I had no idea. And I was trying to be cool and I was
leaning a lot.

During this conversation, Lou is doing a sort of awkward dance that brushes up
against his mic.

Tracker: [facepalms] Oh, my god. [scandalized] Oh, my god!

Kristen: Yeah.

Tracker: When did you find out?

Kristen: That night, that night I went over there with Riz. At first we
weren't sure if she was under a spell or something like that because it seemed
so unlike her. Isn't she the one with your dad that's like, we have to be
closed.

Tracker: My Uncle Jawbone, yeah.

Kristen: Oh, yeah, your uncle.

Tracker: Why didn't- You knew about this last night?

Kristen: Yeah, honestly, I don't know because I'm a little bit torn. She's
like a woman trying to figure it out and I think that there's a lot going on
there, so I didn't feel like I wanted to tell a whole bunch of people, even
though I know it's really gonna affect you, but we didn't really have a good
one-on-one time.

Tracker: You didn't want to tell a whole bunch of people?

Kristen: Yeah, no, but I just didn't want to tell you until I had even talked
to her and then when I tried to talk to her she totally was like, we're not
talking about this. I feel like she should tell you.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Charisma check with disadvantage.

Ally: Oh, great. My Charisma is not good.

Zac: Did Ayda come with us?

Brennan: Ayda is with you, yeah.

Murph: [sees Ally’s roll, sucks in breath, eyes bugging out] No way!

Ally: [to Brennan] You can guess what that was. You can guess what that was
doubled.

Murph: Two nat 1s. Two nat 1s.

Siobhan: Wow.

Kristen: I was supporting a woman's right to choose and trying to let her
choose to tell you herself, babe. Was that a mistake?

Tracker: Here's your shot. Tell me the real reason why you didn't tell me. You
are Miss Introspection and Self-Awareness, right? I'm not a lot of people. I'm
your girlfriend.

Kristen: Right.

Tracker: So why didn't you mention something to me? And give me the real
answer.

Kristen: I really think it, just so much was happening, I wasn't thinking to
like let you know.

Tracker growls.

Brennan: She turns and walks off into the darkness.

Kristen: Wait, was there another reason?

Fig: Kristen, what just happened?

Kristen: I don't know, but I told Tracker about your mom. She was really upset
that I didn't tell her earlier.

Fig: Why? That's my mom's business.

Kristen: Kind of that's what I was thinking too, but I do get that maybe...
yeah. Tracker might be really protective over Jawbone which I would
understand.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: I just felt kind of like, not my family and I don't need to poke my
head into the family and mix things up, but. I don't know, I guess, I could
understand being really upset about this.

Fig: Hey, I think that, I honestly assumed that you told Tracker because she's
your girlfriend, but I think it's kinda cool that if you protected my mom's,
you know, whatever was going on with her. Whatever was going on.

Kristen: There's kind of like no right answer to that, but I do feel like that
if I had to write a list of people that are important to me, Tracker would be
ahead of your mom on it.

Fig: But that doesn't mean that's who you tell things to.

Kristen: True, true.

Ally: [to Brennan] Wait, can I go try to talk to Sandra Lynn?

Brennan: Sure, absolutely. You go find Sandra Lynn. You see that Sandra Lynn
is like landed with Baxter. As you approach, Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Hey, Kristen, I just did a little loop up there. Calethriel's
very close. It's probably only walking distance, probably a four or five hour
hike north of here.

Kristen: Cool. So I wanted to let you know something, I'm gonna be really
straightforward. I'm not being very good with words today. But Tracker asked
what happened between you and Garthy. I told them that you and Garthy had a
night. Tracker was very upset that I didn't share that with her before and now
I feel like I fucked up, but just so you know, it's out there and maybe you
should talk to her. Honestly, maybe you should talk to me because I don't
totally know what happened either.

Sandra Lynn sighs and covers her face.

Kristen: Do you still have whiskey on you?

Sandra Lynn immediately hands it over.

Kristen: Thank you. [drinks and starts dancing] Oh, yeah, yeah, it's back.
(cast laughing) It's back. I'm back.

Brennan: She snatches it back out of your hand.

Kristen: Aw, c’mon!

Lou: (snickers) Dancing.

Brennan: She says,

Sandra Lynn: I got drunk and made some stupid decisions.

Kristen: Speaking my language.

Sandra Lynn: (narrows her eyes) You pour beer out of beer cans and drink
seltzer out of them.

Kristen: Yeah, that was the old me, the new me gets drunk real fast because
I'm not used to alcohol in my body.

Sandra Lynn: Okay, you have to go to the van.

Brennan: You see, she takes you over. Gilear is near—

Emily: Actually, I have a question. So talking to Kristen about this, I
remember, I have this memory that when I was watching this situation,
obviously when I was watching it I was mostly just like holy shit, my mom is
flirting, that's crazy. But I have this memory that at one point she said
something and it looked like it changed the mood, but then the mood went back
to normal or something like that. Am I misremembering that?

Brennan: Can you be a little more clear about what you're trying to remember?

Emily: I feel like there was a moment where it's like Sandra Lynn said
something and it made the mood shift in a bad direction, like a hostile
direction, and then something happened, someone touched someone's elbow.

Murph: I thought she just flirted with them and came on strong.

Emily: Oh, she was just like, really good flirting, okay.

Brennan: Yeah. So you see Gilear is near you and looks off at Sandra Lynn and
looks over at you and says,

Gilear: Figueroth, my daughter, pretty cool digs, right? This is the way to
live. High Elves, they're so high and they really do it right.

Fig: Do you wanna live in a place like this?

Gilear: I would ruin it, I know that about myself.

Fig: That is such a deeply sad thing to say, Gilear. You wouldn't ruin it.
Honestly, you're thriving here.

Brennan: He unbuttons the top button of his short sleeve button up.

Gilear: Time to let loose.

Fig: Yes, Gilear!

Gilear: All right, I may go get a grape.

Fig: Yes, Gilear, pop them grapes.

Ally: No!

Lou: Pop a grape, Gilear.

Murph: It's probably fine if Gilear has a grape.

Emily: It’s fine. I mean, how much— yeah.

Brennan: You see Gilear. He says,

Gilear: What was the, uh… I wanted to ask you daughter, is there, I observed a
strange interaction, my insight into the workings of the heart alerted me to a
strange presence between your mother, Sandra Lynn, and our benefactor, Garthy
O’Brien.

Fig: Yeah.

Gilear: Are you aware of any such... hanky panky?

Fig: (laughs) All I'm gonna say, Gilear, is that if anything, what may or may
not have happened there is a testament is that what she did to you was maybe a
pattern in her and had nothing to do with a failing on your part.

Brennan: Gilear nods.

Gilear: Your mother, I don't need to make excuses on her behalf. Or, you know,
defend what she did. She's been very hurtful to me through her actions. Do you
ever wonder, you know your mother graduated Aguefort, right, when she was a
young girl, woman.

Fig: Yeah.

Gilear: Do you ever wonder what happened to her adventuring party?

Fig: No, actually, I hadn't really.

Gilear: The reason she took her job as just a member of the sort of Solisian
Rangers, she was promising for much more beyond that for quite some time. She
was taken as a replacement member for an adventuring party that was actually
already active in the world. It was senior year she actually dropped out, got
her diploma after the fact to join an adventuring party. I don't know
everything, your mother's been very private about it, but there was a married
couple within that adventuring party and they were older and more powerful
adventurers and my understanding is that as a very young woman, fresh out of
adventuring school, she fell in love with a member of that wedded union who
did not treat her very kindly. And when everything came out, she was ejected
from that adventuring party and her future as an adventurer was dimmed. I
don't know that-

Fig: Her name got smeared because of what happened?

Gilear: Smeared enough. Adventuring parties are formed often at Aguefort and
no one wanted her as a replacement and the person that had been her romantic
partner that had been unfaithful in that group took great pains to smear her
name so that no one else would accept her.

Fig: Do you know who it was?

Brennan: I do.

Fig: Have you heard? Who was it?

Brennan: He nods and says,

Gilear: Another time.

Fig: No.

Brennan: He says,

Gilear: It's your mother's information, not mine. I wanted to tell you what I
knew, not to forgive, but only to say that Sandra Lynn has always been
impulsive and guided by her heart, but maybe they're unrelated. Maybe she has
done wrong by people and has also been wronged, and one doesn't excuse the
other. But there is a fuller picture to understanding your mother, I think.

Fig: I absolutely agree. I was mostly trying to protect her feelings. I don't
know how it feels for you to see her do what she did to you to someone else.

Gilear: Honestly, perhaps this is fucked up.

Fig: No, get a little fucked up. Come on, pops.

Gilear: It makes me feel like it wasn't something uniquely wrong with me.

Fig: That's exactly what I was saying.

Gilear: Maybe a tiny little W for Gilear. Not a big one.

Fig: No, no, capslock. Caps Lock on.

Gilear: No, it's a lowercase w.

Fig: Caps Lock on that W.

Emily: I give him a grape.

Ally: I try to pick a bunch of flowers, but hide them in a pocket or something
and find Tracker.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a survival check for me.

Ally: Interesting, oh, it's okay. Yeah, 17,

Brennan: You fall out into the woods. You see resting on the grass in wolf
form is Tracker, who's just, and has got her paws over her nose and she does
that thing that dogs do when they're sulking where she just glares at you and
doesn't move as you approach.

Kristen: Hi. I wanted to come say I'm sorry.

Tracker: [growls]

Kristen: You're so important to me and this had to do with your family. I'm
really sorry, I should have told you immediately. I should have told you that
night.

Brennan: Go ahead and make another Persuasion check if you'd be so kind.

Ally: Just normal?

Brennan: Just normal, no disadvantage.

Ally: Nat 1.

Siobhan: Throw it away!

Lou: No way. [to audience while flashing double peace signs] It's not just me.

Emily: Ally is the coolest roller ever.

Ally: Jesus fucking Christ.

Brennan: You see… (cast laughing) Tracker transforms into her humanoid self.
She walks up to you and you can see her eyes tear up as she looks at you.

Tracker: I think you didn't tell me because you didn't know the right way to
do it and it would be a hard conversation.

Kristen: Totally right. Totally right.

Tracker: That sucks.

Kristen: I know, I'm so sorry. It's just so many moving parts in your family.
Part of me kind of psychotically thought that since Jawbone is like very open
that maybe he wouldn't care about this, but of course he would because she is
so closed about this. It's so hypocritical.

Tracker: I… Jawbone's a whole other, look, Jawbone's gonna be fine. I don't
know what I'm gonna do. I have to talk to him or Sandra Lynn or somebody.
That's a whole other, look, grownups and their relationships aren't our
business and I do understand that like it sucks, it's weird, I don't wanna
have that conversation with Jawbone. I don't feel comfortable going to Sandra
Lynn and talking about it. But Kristen, like, it just really sucks, it really
hurts.

Kristen: Yeah, totally.

Tracker: I feel like you obsess over what the right thing is and you kind of
like, in this… Obsessing over the right thing all the time, if it leads you to
inaction where you're like, I don't have a good option, so you just like stall
or delay or don't do something, that's also a wrong choice.

Kristen: Yeah, I think you're right.

Tracker: I love you.

Kristen: Yeah, I love you too, I brought you these flowers. I was gonna give
them to you when we were fully made up, but it's like that's probably not
gonna happen so here's this while we're still in a fight.

Tracker: While we're still in a fight.

Kristen: I picked these flowers, they're gonna wilt in my pocket.

Tracker: And when we made up?

Kristen: I was thinking I would come over and just really woo you with my
heart-felt apology, but it didn't go that way and I understand, it's not that
easy.

Tracker: [clearly irritated] Well, if it's so inevitable that we're gonna make
up, why don't you just hang tight and I'll let you know when it happens.

Brennan: And she throws the flowers on the ground and walks towards the van.

Ally: I pick up the freakin' flowers!

Kristen: They're really good, I picked the best of each bush. I picked the
best of each bush!

Tracker: That's as good as mind control, Kristen. I'm so over it.

Brennan: And she walks off towards the van.

Ally: I'll obviously follow her.

Brennan: (laughing) You follow her.

Ally: At a distance.

Kristen: You can have your storming away, you can have it.

Brennan: [laughs] Awesome. Who all is in the van getting ready for bed right
now?

Murph: Riz.

Zac: I’d probably be in there.

Ally: I’m on my way.

Lou: I have two levels of exhaustion and pneumonia. I get those sheets and I
head back.

Emily: You’re gonna sweat on those sheets.

Ally: You’re wrapped in milk.

Lou: Great, been sleeping on cream.

Brennan: Go and give me a Constitution save if you'd be so kind.

Lou: 8.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: [to audience] They bought me a new dice and I rolled with it and I'm
still doing okay.

Emily: 8 is better.

Ally: 8 is better.

Siobhan: No, he rolled a 3, he has a high Con modifier.

Emily: Those dice are bad.

Brennan: You see that--

Lou: These hands, baby. These hands are cursed. [wiggles them]

Siobhan: We're gonna get you new hands for Christmas.

Brennan: Your grandfather, Telemaine, approaches and says,

Telemaine: My sweet grandson.

Fabian: Grandpapa.

Telemaine: Do you wish for me to seek healing for your illness? There should
be no disease within Kei Lumennura.

Fabian: Yeah, I’d appreciate being healed. That'd be lovely.

Brennan: You see, he beckons to one of your aunts who approaches. This is your
Aunt Vanlerial.

Brennan: She approaches and says,

Vanlerial: [soft breathy voice] My nephew, Fahbiahn.

Fabian: Hello, aunt. I'm sorry, what is your-?

Vanlerial: Vanlerial.

Fabian: Vanlerial, nice to meet you.

Vanlerial: The illness grips your body.

Fabian: Yes.

Vanlerial: Disease should not come to these shores. I shall banish it
henceforth. (mimicking flute music)

[Ally covers face to hold back laughter]

Vanlerial: How is that? How do you feel after that?

Fabian: I think I'm still pretty sick.

Vanlerial: Weird, okay. Let me- (singing high notes)

Emily: I roll up the van window angrily.

Fig: Shh! (closes a crank window)

Vanlerial: Now, did it?

Fabian: Not really.

Vanlerial: (singing higher notes)

Fabian: Is it just the song? Is it just the song or is there going to be a-

Vanlerial: It's the song.

Fabian: Is it going to be-?

Brennan: She speaks in elven to Telemaine.

Vanlerial: We have never seen an illness of this strength before in Kei
Lumennura.

Fabian: I've gotten this sick, I've never gotten this sick before, but I've
seen people get this sick before.

Brennan: You see your aunt says,

Vanlerial: [gravely] I must use my greatest song of all. [holds out hand]

Fabian: You know you don't have to.

(singing the highest-pitched notes)

Kristen: Get in the van!

Fabian: Hold on, they’re doing an Elven healing.

Fig: How's it working?

Vanlerial: I have failed and I shall fade.

Brennan: Your aunt looks up into the sky, turns into starlight-

Fabian: No, no, no!

Brennan: -and vanishes.

Fabian: Come back!

Brennan: Telemaine looks and says,

Telemaine: I think I've seen her do that before so we should be-

Fabian: She'll come back?

Telemaine: Sure.

Fabian: I'm sorry that we're not meeting under circumstances where I can spend
time with you. You seem great and like an interesting person.

Telemaine: In another life I would have kept you here until the icy fangs of
death came and arrested you from my arms. What horror that would have been to
witness. Perhaps it is best that your human father took my daughter away and
that you should grow up in those wild lands beyond these shores, my darling
grandson.

Fabian: Can I get those sheets?

Telemaine: Yeah, yeah for sure.

Brennan: He comes back with the sheets. He says,

Telemaine: Is it normal that you're missing an eye out of your head?

Fabian: No. It got cut out in a fight.

Telemaine: I could speak and send word on the wings of the white dove.

Fabian: No.

Telemaine: There is an elf that lives in the high mountains at the heart of
Fallinel who crafts eyes from songs and whispers and beams of moonlight,
jeweled edges of the blue of the sea, shimmering poems pulled from the ether
itself, if you like.

Fabian: Like a real, like an eye, like a real?

Telemaine: As real as song and whispers.

Fabian: Sure, I'll take it. I'll take an eye. Just don’t, you promise me you
won't turn into stardust and disappear. (laughing)

Telemaine: (laughs) As you wish.

Brennan: You see, he turns into silver sand and floats away on the wind.

Fabian: No!

Emily: Wait, before he goes, I just put it together,

Fig: This is Gilear's future father-in-law.

Siobhan: Ha!

Brennan: You see the sand comes back and goes,

Telemaine: What?

Fig: I just realized, hello. Hi, I'm Fig, we met earlier. I put cigarettes on
your ground. (laughing) My dad is dating your daughter.

Telemaine: You are also the child of William Seacaster?

Fabian: No. Gilear was the man who spo-

Brennan: See Gilear comes back in. He has one more button done and he comes
over and he's got a huge silver tureen of cream with floating berries in it.
And you see he's like,

Gilear: This is the most similar thing I could find to yogurt. It's like a
clotted cream, it's like a sweet clotted, it's like a butter, kind of a sweet
butter.

Fig: Gilear, this is your girlfriend's dad.

Brennan: You see he looks over and goes,

Gilear: Right. [quietly] )Daughter, did you bring that up? I was kind of gonna
slow roll that.

Fig: Oh, he doesn't know yet. He's none the wiser.

Brennan: He puts down the tureen and a big gob splashes on his shirt and a
little on his face and walks over and says,

Gilear: Telemaine Lomenelda of Kei Lumennura, I, Gilear Faeth, am, uh...
involved romantically with your daughter, Hallariel. We are not, um, I, it's
unclear to— she is definitely my partner and I sleep in her garage.

Brennan: You see Telemaine squints his eyes and goes,

Telemaine: Gargagé.

Brennan: And you see he says,

Gilear: Garage.

Fig: This is going really well.

Gorgug: He can pronounce the G sounds, I don't understand what's going on.

Brennan: You see he says,

Telemaine: If you, a Wood Elf, are to marry my daughter, let us walk in the
midnight orchards and recite our favorite poems to one another.

Brennan: You see Gilear goes and goes,

Gilear: Shit, shit,

Brennan: And walks off with Telemaine and you see Telemaine says,

Telemaine: Well lands the evening swan of dusk,

The midnight blossoms bloom and grow,

And peaks of mountains far away descend on crystal glint of snow.

And wheresoever songs are sung and elven magic fills the air,

Kalai thrandiel dhra dha dhra dha... A prayer I whisper now, a prayer.

Brennan: And you see that Gilear goes,

Gilear: (in a similar cadence) How much wood...

(cast laughing)

Gilear: Could a woodchuck chuck,

Brennan: and he walks off into the orchard with Telemaine—

Emily: I do have one second level spell left. Can I use Phantasmal Force, just
to make it, make Gilear look a little more, just like make him look hot.

Brennan: Cool. You make him look hot-

Emily: Or even if I have to use the second level spell to just hide the yogurt
stain on his shirt.

Brennan: It will take the whole spell to hide the yogurt stain, so he is
stainless as he walks off into the night. Yes?

Zac: Can I talk to Ayda real fast?

Brennan: Yeah, Ayda has been in the van the whole time. She looks over at you
and says,

Ayda: (briskly) What is it?

Gorgug: Hey, I feel like I've overheard like 30 sad conversations already, but
do you have the Sending spell as well?

Brennan: Hold on one second. I actually think there's a chance she would have
prepared it. I'm gonna roll an open luck check in front of the board. I'm
gonna call even/odds, 11 or higher, she's got it prepared. 10 or lower, she
does not. 12!

Ally: Eyy!

Lou: That's all it takes.

Brennan: You see she looks and says,

Ayda: I do. Why?

Gorgug: I just kinda have to send my girlfriend a message. There's been a lot
of crazy stuff happening and I feel like I've done a bad job of communicating
with her and I just wanted to let her know where we are and that we're safe
and that I'm trying to figure that out.

Brennan: You see that she looks and says,

Ayda: You've done a bad job?

Gorgug: Yeah, I was trying to, well, I told her that I would get this cell
tower figured out before we left and then I just let it fall to the wayside
when a bunch of other stuff happened.

Ayda: Why?

Gorgug: Well, there was a mo- I just feel like... Why? I guess I just didn't
prioritize it and I didn't think about it as well as I could have. My friends
were kind of in danger and I'm not exactly an organized guy and I kind of
forgot until it was too late.

Ayda: (sighs) Wizards of the ancient past committed many such errors.
Oversights, moments of hubris. They paid for it dearly, trapped in crystal
caves, sent amongst the stars, destroyed or unmade. How have you paid for this
crime?

Gorgug: How have I-? Well, she seems kind of mad at me. Last time we talked
she was cutting out on the crystal and she said, she was like, “you said you
were gonna put the tower up.” That was pretty bad, I've been feeling pretty-

Ayda: That's terrifying.

Gorgug: I've been feeling pretty bad since then.

Ayda: If people are mad at me about something that I've done, that's
terrifying to me.

Gorgug: I don't like it either.

Ayda: I can't be in there, in the room when that happens.

Gorgug: When people are mad at you?

Ayda: No.

Gorgug: Okay. Yeah, I don't like it either.

Ayda: Are you mad at me right now?

Gorgug: I'm not mad at you.

Ayda: Okay.

Gorgug: I think you're doing a good job.

Ayda: Thank you.

Gorgug: And I appreciate-

Ayda: I think you're doing a good job as well, though you just admitted a
great failing to me.

Gorgug: Yeah, yeah.

Ayda: What I've seen you do has been good.

Gorgug: Oh, good.

Ayda: Obviously the failures have been kept from me, hidden.

Gorgug: Well, I don't know if I was hiding them from you specifically.

Ayda: I didn't see them and I see a lot.

Gorgug: Sure, okay, well. (stutters) Can I use that spell?

Ayda: Can you?

Gorgug: I know I'm gonna be the greatest wizard of all time, but for now I
don't know how to do it.

Ayda: You're asking me to do it for you?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: She leaps forward and pins you to the ground with her talon and puts
a finger in your face and says,

Ayda: Do you remain now in my debt, Gorgug Thistlespring, wizard of Solace?

Gorgug: Could I just like pay you some gold?

Ayda: 150 gold.

Gorgug: [sighs] Yeah, sure.

Ayda: Great. (holds out a hand)

Zac: I give her 150 gold.

Brennan: She casts the Sending spell. What does Gorgug say? You got 25 words,
curses not included.

Ally: Oh, yeah, definitely cuss her out.

Lou: Call her the B word. You could say-

Siobhan: Yeah, and the C word.

Emily: You just end with some real raunchy promises.

Zac: I think Gorgug just says,

Gorgug: Shit, I'm sorry. I fully should have set up… Hold on.

Zac starts to write his message.

Brennan: You take a second to think of that. As you do, Tracker makes the Moon
Haven and, Kristen, she looks over at you and says,

Tracker: Maybe we crash in separate places tonight.

Kristen: I understand.

Ally: I get some cream.

Brennan: [laughing] You get some cream. Creamy sheets.

Ally: I get some cream from Fabian.

Brennan: Who's other room do you kind of go into?

Ally: Fucking Gilear.

Brennan: [laughs] Gilear is like,

Gilear: Umm. Maybe not mine.

Brennan: Oh wait, Gilear is actually out with Telemaine right now.

Ally: I take Gilear's bed.

Brennan: You take Gilear's bed! (claps)

Ally: I write a quick note so when he comes in late at night, it says

Kristen: Oops, sorry.

Brennan: Sorry, as you go to Gilear's room, you see there's already two people
in here. You walk in and Ragh is in there and there is this young lithe elven
lad who looks like about seventeen, eighteen, who looks up to you. Ragh goes,

Ragh: Oh! Uh. This is my buddy.

Brennan: Hold on a second. He looks and says,

Ragh: This is my pal, Fathethriel.

Lou: Fathethriel (laughing).

Ally: Can I do a quick Perception check on Fuflefriel?

Brennan: Sure.

Ally: There we go. That's a 12.

Brennan: Blond like mop of hair, kind of covering one eye.

Ally: Is he trying to kill Ragh?

Brennan: What did you roll for your Insight?

Ally: 14.

Brennan: You don’t think he’s trying to kill— He looks at you and says,

Fathethriel: [lazy voice with thick consonants] I am Fathethriel.

Brennan: You see Ragh says,

Ragh: Yeah, Fathethriel is actually, it's cool because I was talking to him
about bloodrush and like, sports and Fathethriel bakes elven waybread, so that
sort of like something we have in common.

Kristen: [really fast] Yeah, you have so much in common. Okay, cool, I'll
leave you to it.

Brennan: Fathethriel calls out and says,

Fathethriel: Do you want some elven waybread?

Kristen: No, thank you. Is Ragh eating it?

Brennan: You see he looks up and says,

Fathethriel: I don't know, he's a hungry boy.

Brennan: And you see Ragh goes,

Ragh: Ha ha ha, you’re- this fucking guy, [turns to Kristen] [quietly] I'll
see you.

Kristen: I'll see you, absolutely.

Brennan: And we see you walk away. As you head off--

Ally: I guess I take Adaine's bed.

Brennan: Oh, you take Adaine's bed, that makes sense. You go crash in Adaine's
bed.

Kristen: It's so neat.

Brennan: So neat in here. Speaking of Adaine, while Zac is still putting his
Sending together, we're actually gonna cut over, not too far, just a few
leagues away, over to Calethriel Tower.

Zac does appear to be still writing, and he counts some words with his pencil.

Siobhan: Brennan, I got you a little Christmas present. [pulls something out
of her pocket]

Brennan: You did!

Siobhan: I did.

Lou: Oh, wow.

Brennan: [genuinely excited] Oh, my god!

Zac: What is it?

Brennan: I didn't know anything about this, for real. Oh, my god, it's
wrapped!

Kristen: It's a weighted die for nat 1s.

Brennan: [reading the package] Sugar and dice, edible dice!

Siobhan: Yeah, so you can eat your fucking dice, dude! [cast laughs] I'm gonna
make you eat your goddamn dice. [slams table]

Brennan: Truly incredible and if I get whomped, I will.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Incredible, my god, that is amazing!

Emily: That's so cool.

Brennan: [squealing] Sugar and dice, that's amazing. [smiling] Thank you,
Siobhan.

Siobhan: You're welcome, merry Christmas!

Brennan: [staring threateningly into the camera] I will always win.

Siobhan: You can win at D&D.

Brennan: You can win at D&D! High atop Calethriel Tower, spinning in a giant
floating orb, it is extremely soft, it does not hurt you to be moved around
it, and in fact there are places where you can kind of slide with the orb for
a moment as it's moving, so you're never injured, you cannot be still in here.
As it slowly rotates, you see that Boggy is there with you who has his
[frowning] “not so sure about this” face on, but you see that he ribbits
softly under your arm as you kind of move around this space.

Siobhan: Can I cast spells in here?

Brennan: You can, you absolutely can cast spells.

Siobhan: Will they get out of the orb?

Brennan: You believe that there might be a magic circle that's preventing you
from doing stuff in here, but basically the elves believe that you've run out
of spell slots and you're not gonna be able to trance in here. So at the
moment, you are unguarded. Give me an Arcana check to see if there's any kind
of like spells that happen in here.

Siobhan: A 10.

Brennan: There might be some shenanigans in here, it's hard to say. You notice
what bums you out is there are a lot of artifacts in here, the walls are kind
of glowing with runes. There is something pumping through this place that
looks like raw elemental power. One of the things that you know about is that
permanent, like one of the hardest things to do with magic is have a permanent
effect. It's really hard to make something last forever. But there do seem to
be a lot of permanent magical effects here and as you're looking at it, it's
very clear that whatever wizards or artificers crafted this stuff, didn't
wanna burn their own internal resources, like the equivalent, in world you
guys wouldn't know what experience points are, but life energy or whatever,
these wizards didn't wanna expend that. So there appears to be something
pumping through this place and so you're like, oh, they might be able to do
some real wacky shenanigans with like prepared directional Counterspells or
whatever. And have it be powered by some force that you can't glean on 10.
You're not really sure what it is. But you think, obviously they seem, you
think that they would have prepared to counter cantrips, which they know you'd
be able to cast, you would never run out of cantrips. They're not based on
spell slots.

Siobhan: [looking through her spell cards] There's so little I can do. Can I
cast Detect Magic? It's a ritual spell?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: And Identify?

Brennan: Unfortunately your jacket and spell book and stuff has not been left
in here with you. So it's like you and Boggy basically are in here. Other than
that, there is not that much, you can't ritual cast any of your higher level
spells.

Siobhan: Okay. Well, I had a short rest, so I have one third level spell. Can
I cast Counterspell towards something?

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: I guess I have Dispel Magic, can I cast Dispel? Oh, I don't have my,
I have it as a prepared spell, is that--

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely, you have Dispel Magic. If you want to attempt to
nix this orb out, you would at least have a little bit of time to be able to
do that. Dispel Magic, the DC equals for each, okay, so you're gonna roll a
d20 plus your Intelligence modifier. The DC you're trying to hit is a 15.

Siobhan: Okay. [two peace signs] I got a 19.

Ally: Yeah!

Brennan: So you managed to get back one spell slot that they didn't know was
there, the orb [vwoom] vanishes. As it vanishes, a few Counterspells ring off
for a second, and an alarm immediately goes off so you know that they know
you're here.

Siobhan: Okay, great. There's a window?

Brennan: There is a window, yes.

Siobhan: How high up am I?

Brennan: You're probably about 160 feet up.

Siobhan: Okay. Do I have any idea where it was that my spellbook was left?

Brennan: It was taken away to another place in the tower.

Siobhan: Dang. Can I then just look for a place to hide?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. You see also Boggy looks at you and looks out the
window and you see that Boggy can turn into mist and might be able to make a
run for it to have your friends be able to know where you are.

Siobhan: Mmm, I think that there's actually rules against that.

Brennan: Oh, there are?

Ally: Do you have like send message or something?

Siobhan: I hate to kill myself. And maybe I'm wrong, but I think that Find
Familiar only, they have to be within a certain distance from you. I don't
have the full spell on this spell card, I'm sorry.

Brennan: No, it can go farther away, but you lose the ability to communicate
telepathically when it's beyond 100 feet.

Siobhan: Oh, okay, that's what it was. But I have no idea where my people are.

Brennan: You don't, so Boggy would just be heading off into the wild.

Siobhan: Right, exactly, and the chances of him finding them, I'm assuming
that they're still in Solace?

Brennan: Or still in Leviathan.

Siobhan: Or still in Leviathan, sorry. So I think I'm gonna keep him with me
for now just because I think that that makes the most sense. I think that he
can help me most.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Here.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Can I, here is where I would like to hide if possible. Let me know if
you think it's possible because I would like to see if I can go and hide in
Aelwyn's room. I feel like it's just the least likely place for them to look
for me.

Brennan: Sure, absolutely. Go ahead and give me a Stealth check. Boggy can
give you advantage on this.

Siobhan: Great. Rolled a 2 and a 4, so I got a 6.

Brennan: You run in there to hide. You rush in, Boggy's with you, you hear
people coming through the towers. Give me a Perception check as you're
running.

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: As you run by these towers, you see down in the courtyard, remember
the courtyard when you tried to make your escape, mages kind of appeared out
of nowhere.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You see them step out of doorways that don't have doors in them and
are built into the stone of the wall. And as they trigger, you see the rooms
and these elven archways are the same that you saw in the protections around
your orb upstairs, as they appear, you see the same there where it's like, oh,
this place doesn't have like dozens of elven mages guarding you, but the
second anything happens, a bunch of elven mages appear through these doorways.
You see that they come through. You go into Aelwyn's room. I'm gonna make a
little search check. Cool. You go in there, hide behind a corner.

Brennan: Aelwyn's long blond hair is matted, her face looks dry and
desiccated. Her lips are completely colorless and chapped. She is crawling on
hands and knees. You can see that clearly she is at five points of exhaustion
and only magic is keeping her from going to the sixth and dying. She moves
through to you. Your roll is low enough that she sees you come in and sees you
hide. She moves through. You see that in, there's (mumbles) room. You see
these tall, they almost look like green men, where they have like leaves
coming from their faces. They're about eight feet tall and you immediately see
that these are spell crafted like magecraft, automata. Not mechanical though,
made of pure magic, but almost like elemental plant-based things. Soldiers
rush in towards your chambers. You see the young maiden Kir, looks up, and
communicates something sort of telepathically to Aelwyn and you can almost
hear the Message cantrip going back and forth between them. You see Kir
basically says,

Kir: Where did she go?

Brennan: And you see that Aelwyn responds and says,

Adaine shakes her head with a finger to her lips.

Brennan: She doesn't look at you make that motion. She looks, her response to
the Message cantrip is,

Aelwyn: [soft, shaky] However should I know? I see nothing.

Brennan: And Kir moves to investigate your quarters. Aelwyn makes eye contact
with you and casts a Message cantrip. She looks at you and says,

Aelwyn: Do you have any spell slots left? Anything to get out?

Adaine: I have four first level spell slots. No spellbook and a frog.

Aelwyn: It's an alright frog.

Siobhan: [laughs] I cast Tasha’s Hideous Laughter. I don't, I don't really do
that. It would waste one of my four spell slots.

Ally: Can you Message us?

Emily: (crosstalk) I was trying to...

Siobhan: It's only 120 feet and it's within, you have to see the person to...

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Aelwyn: Anything dangerous like a spell book or something like that would have
been left in the vault on the first floor. It'll be locked down by now, the
alarm would have triggered it. The vault will be one of the first things that
has to go. Does anyone know you're here?

(soft piano music)

Adaine: [shrugs and holds her hands up in an “I don’t know” motion] They know
that I was taken. I don't know if they know that I'm here. I only had one
spell and I used it to get rid of my orb. Maybe I should have told my friends,
I don't know.

Aelwyn: Did Mother find you?

Adaine: Briefly.

Brennan: She looks at you for a long time, shaking under the effort of
continuing movement.

Aelwyn: It's rather hard to gather one's thoughts in here.

Adaine: Aelwyn, nobody deserves this. This is wrong. What you did is wrong,
but what they've done to you is barbaric.

Brennan: What limited moisture is left in her body forms tears in her eyes.
She looks at you and says,

Aelwyn: Adaine, I'm very sorry, I hardly remember anything anymore. I know I
have behaved dreadfully and not, I know I behaved dreadfully to the world, and
I know I behaved dreadfully to you. And that was barbaric and undeserved. I am
very sorry that our… [long pause] I feel a very broken person, that it took
months of torture to make me exposed enough to say what I always should have
said and didn't have the strength to. There's no apology that makes any of it
all right. And the truth is that I feel so strange and addled that I can't
even give you a better apology because I don't remember at this point what's
real and what's imagined.

Adaine: I think our parents- I used to think that them treating you as an
untouchable favorite and me, who could never do anything right, I thought that
I was the only one that they were damaging, but I think that they damaged you
too. I think that that's as damaging. They're bad people, both of them.

Brennan: You see that she shivers a little bit and says,

Aelwyn: Well, I think in certain ways they tried the best they could, didn't
they?

Adaine: No, I don't think they did.

Aelwyn: I don't really remember. I, I, they expected quite a lot of us, but
isn't that what, isn't that, didn't that make us great?

Adaine: Expectation without love, what's that?

Brennan: You, you watch her kind of go,

Aelwyn: Right. Sorry, how did this conversation begin? Are you to get me out,
or not?

Adaine: Yes, I'm here to get you out.

Aelwyn: Oh.

Adaine: I can't get you out yet because I'm out of spells.

Aelwyn: All right. Well, how many spell slots do you have?

Adaine: I have four first level spell slots.

Aelwyn: All right. Where is your spellbook?

Adaine: I think it's in the vault on the first floor.

Aelwyn: The vault is on the first floor, that's right.

Brennan: And you see she starts to go over the first part of the conversation
again.

Adaine: Can I hide in this room? Is there a closet or something that I can
crawl into?

Brennan: You see a couple moments later that these guards come in. There's
about four of them and Kir is here as well. She waggles her finger at you and
she takes you into the room again.

Adaine rolls her eyes and holds out her hands for the handcuffs.

Brennan: What you see as you walk back to your room, however, is that your
room is not outside of the range of the message cantrip from Aelwyn's
quarters.

Adaine: [sighs] Great.

Brennan: You are placed back in the orb. A few moments after the guards leave
again, you hear a voice in your mind say,

Aelwyn: Hello?

Adaine: Aelwyn?

Aelwyn: Who's this?

Adaine: It's me, Adaine.

Aelwyn: Adaine, are you here in the tower?

Adaine: Yes, I'm here to rescue you.

Aelwyn: Adaine, you deserve an apology.

Adaine: Thank you, but we don't have time for that. Can you tell me everything
that you know about the tower?

Aelwyn: Tower.

Adaine: The tower that we're in.

Aelwyn: There's a vault on the first floor. That's where everything special's
being kept. [shaky] Adaine, I'm scared.

Adaine: I am too.

Brennan: Your sister does her best to help you without being able to remember
really what you've said or talked about to each other. And we are going to
move back from Calethriel Tower to Kei Lumennura in the south. You guys awake
the-

Emily: [delighted] Doesn’t he have a message to send?

Brennan: Oh, that's right! You have a message, my friend!

Zac: Scratch...

Emily: I'm watching him write it and rewrite it.

Zac: It’s impossible, 25 words. It’s not a very good-

Lou: Did you use your curses?

Emily: I've gotta say, you had some bad drafts and they got better.

Zac: You gotta just get the bad draft out.

Brennan: Okay, let's hear it, let's hear it, Jorjudge.

Lou: Jorjudge.

Gorgug: Zelda, safe in Fallinel. Gonna finish cell tower soon. Sorry about
everything, but hope your break is going well in spite of this. Miss you.

Zac: 25.

Emily: See, you didn't have ‘miss you’ in the early drafts.

Zac: Yes.

Ally: Yeah, that's a good one.

Lou: That's central.

Brennan: That's a beautiful message, but it is also a message of like a
handful of words, you're limited by the text there so I'm gonna ask for a
Persuasion check with disadvantage.

Zac: Okay. This goddamn game. (rolls, then flips page) To the sheet!
Persuasion? 12.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: It's not less.

(depressing piano chord)

Lou: With the sad music still playing?

Ally: Yeah, we just see ‘read’.

Zac: Seems like he should change the music.

Lou: Yeah, why don't we play like a fun rock and roll guitar. Where's the
metal, my guy?

Emily: Ooh, sexy Marvin Gaye.

Lou: Play sexy Marvin Gaye.

Brennan: Cool. You wait for a while. I'm gonna say that in the van both like
different points because you have to get out of the van, go use the bathroom
through the night and stuff, but at different points in the night, actually,
Fig, Fabian, Kristen, and Riz give me perception checks.

Emily: 17.

Ally: 25.

Murph: 4.

Lou: Nice.

Brennan: 4\. Cool. Kristen, in the middle of the night you notice that a light
is still on in Gorgug's room.

Kristen: Hey, what's going on man, you should sleep. We gotta get our strength
back.

Gorgug: Yeah, I was trying to sleep. Just trying, yeah, I'm going to bed soon.

Kristen: Everything okay?

Gorgug: [stutters] I talked to Ayda and I was able to send a message to Zelda
and I think probably there's some sort of time difference situation.

Kristen: Between us and the Red Waste?

Gorgug: Yeah, I don't know what the conversion is on that.

Kristen: [whispers] I think it's the same time zone. Not to mess with your
theory, but.

Gorgug: Gotcha.

Lou: Damn, Kristen. Kristen eating it today.

(laughing)

Brennan: Gorgug, gimme a Perception check with advantage real quick?

Lou: Eating it.

Zac: 15.

Brennan: Kristen came out of Adaine's room.

Gorgug: [perplexed stare] How are you doing?

Kristen: Not good. I'm kind of in the dog house because I didn't tell Tracker
about her dad getting cheated on. I just kinda sat on that like an old egg.

Emily: (laughing) What?

Lou: Specifically.

Gorgug: Sometimes don't you feel like, I feel like a lot of times I am not
good at saying the right thing and I feel like that makes me a slow and bad
communicator. And then I'm also just a little bit of a mess on top of that and
it makes me angry, I think it was unfair to Zelda that I didn't do a good job
of talking to her before this trip and during the trip.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah.

Gorgug: Forgot to make a cell tower.

Kristen: That sucks. Being in a cell tower-

Gorgug: I got some sticks together, like.

Kristen: You're almost to the structure of it, yeah.

Gorgug: Do you know how to make a cell tower?

Kristen: I don't think I do.

Ally: Do I?

Brennan: You're asking me if Kristen Applebees knows how to make a cell tower?

Gorgug: Kristen, you don't happen to know how to make an entire cell tower, do
you?

Kristen: I think I do. (laughing) Let me take a crack at it.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me a Wisdom proficiency check with, I'm sorry
this will be an Intelligence proficiency check, not proficiency, so just raw
Intelligence, disadvantage, go ahead and give me a roll.

Ally: Hey, two 14s. 15.

Brennan: Cool. You don't know how to-

(laughing)

Kristen: [puzzled expression] So maybe actually, you know how you have the
base? Maybe you need to flip that up on top.

Gorgug: The base goes on top? So the big pile of sticks at the bottom goes to
the top.

Kristen: I've been getting in a lot of trouble for saying the wrong things, so
maybe I shouldn't help you with this, you know. Crazy. Yeah, I'm just sleeping
in Adaine's room.

Gorgug: Well, I'm sorry.

Kristen: We should probably both get some sleep though, man.

Gorgug: Okay. I don't know anything about how this spell works, but will it
wake me up?

Kristen: I don't know, either, actually.

Gorgug: And you don't know, okay.

Kristen: With Message? You didn't send it, right?

Gorgug: Sending? It’s a Sending spell. It's Ayda. Maybe it goes back to Ayda.

Kristen: I think it would go back to Ayda and then Ayda would let you know.

Gorgug: All right, I'll go to sleep in a sec.

Kristen: Yeah, but, I think you're really great. You're a really great friend.
You've never let me down.

Gorgug: Thank you.

Kristen: So that's good.

Gorgug: You've never let me down.

Kristen: Hey, thanks. If someone was cheating on your mom or dad, I would tell
you immediately to your face.

Gorgug: [earnestly] And if you asked me, or if you forgot, wait, no, if you
asked me to build a cell tower, I would do it immediately and I would know
how.

Kristen: I love you, man.

Gorgug: Love you too.

Ally: Big hug.

(laughing)

Brennan: You give each other a big hug.

Ally: Then I go back to Adaine's room and my milk sheet.

Brennan: Cool. And your milk sheet.

Lou: Yeah, how good are these sheets?

Brennan: You go on these sheets, these sheets give all of you guys the benefit
of a full long rest. Even though you failed your Constitution saves, these are
gonna give you an additional Constitution save with advantage. Elven sheets
made of cream silk.

Lou: That'll be mod 20.

Brennan: Your exhaustion is removed.

Lou: [punches the air] Yeah!

Brennan: [Elven voice] These sheets were forged in the silk forge of Elven...
Times.

Ally: Sheetsmiths in silk forges, gorges.

Lou: 80,000 thread count.

(laughing)

Brennan: Make this rest and I'm gonna say Adaine gets this as well, even
though you are not taking a long rest. All of you guys from the previous
battle in Leviathan, and I'm going to pump this up with some roleplaying
awards as well, get 3,500 experience points each.

Zac: So we're level nine?

Brennan: I don't—

Siobhan: We're at 44,100. Right?

Brennan: Let me go ahead and check that real quick.

Zac: I truly don't know at all.

Siobhan: We went from 40,600 plus 3,500. Right?

Brennan: You guys, how much XP do you guys have right now?

Siobhan: 44,600.

Murph: 44,100.

Siobhan: So it's 45,100.

Brennan: 44,000. No, nine is 48,000.

Ally: Hey, we're almost there.

Zac: Can we get about 5,000 more?

Lou: For sleeping?

Emily: I asked this before we started playing, can we just like beat each
other up, like back and forth. Get the XP for that.

Lou: Yeah, can we farm?

Siobhan: I’m happy to beat each other up.

Brennan: We're gonna move right along.

Ally: I take a big swing at Fig.

Siobhan: I have four first level spells and I'm willing to use all of them.

Emily: I say,

Fig: [hypothetically] Heal me and I'll do the same to you.

Ally: I hit you with my staff.

Brennan: The following morning, you guys awaken to a choir of all of the
youths here in Keil Lamennura, singing and dancing under the morning light and
doing kind of a strange dance yoga.

Lou: Can I join them?

Brennan: Yes, go ahead and give me an Acrobatics check.

Kristen: Where's Ragh?

Fig: Adaine is in prison!

Fabian: Everyone's waking up!

Emily: I go look for that stag! ...Just kidding.

Lou: Uh… 20, mod 20.

Brennan: You do this beautiful elven dance yoga. It makes you feel good, it's
like good.

Fabian: Maybe I'm not supposed to be a fighter. Maybe I'm supposed to be a
yoga dancer.

Ally: Oh, no.

Brennan: Someone comes up to you and says,

Trethrenren: Fahbiahn, I am Trethrenren. Take this, it's a grape.

Lou: I take it and pocket it.

Brennan: You see he says,

Trethrenren: Take this, let me put it in your mouth.

Fabian: No, no.

Trethrenren: With my hands.

Fabian: Stop.

Trethrenren: Fahbiahn.

Fabian: Give it to me, I'll eat it later. I'm going to go eat it. I have to
go, my friend's in prison.

Brennan: You see a number of like young elven youths come over, lithe and
dancing, reveling in their bodies, (waves arms around his head) and have long
diaphanous silk scarves, like 40, 50 foot scarves.

Ally: Ooh, I'll take one of those. [ribbon dances]

Brennan: They like dance around you and wrap you, the wind blows, it's sort of
like buffeting by scarves.

Trethrenren: You dance so beautifully.

Fabian: Thank you.

Trethrenren: You dance fearlessly and bravely, unafraid of the death that
awaits you.

Fabian: All right, everyone needs to stop talking about—

Brennan: You see this deep brown hair, bright blue eyes, young elven woman
touches your cheek and says,

Elven Woman: Would you dance with me on this beautiful morning?

Fabian: For a quick moment, then I really have to go save my friend from
prison.

Elven Woman: For a quick moment, for a quick moment is all you have.

Emily: I'm getting my coffee to go, being like— [taps wrist where a watch
would be aggressively]

Riz: [whispering] Fabian, what are you doing!?

Fabian: Just one more dance!

Brennan: You see that Telemaine comes back. He's been walking all night with
Gilear. You see they round the corner in the midnight garden and you see that
Gilear looks and says,

Gilear: There once was a man from Bastion City...

Brennan: And you see that Telemaine looks and says,

Telemaine: What's your deal?

Riz: My friend is kidnapped. And my other friends are just dancing and eating
grapes.

Telemaine: Have you had a grape?

Riz: No.

Telemaine: You have a harsh energy.

Riz: I'm a harsh guy.

Brennan: What's that metal tube on your hip with a little handle on it?

Riz: Just a metal tube. I think it's beautiful.

Murph: Then I do a dance. (mimics scarf dances, but aggressively)

Riz: [Very Sarcastically] I think it's beautiful and everything's fine here.
Everything's fine and good, isn't it?

(cast laughing)

Telemaine: Fahbiahn.

Fabian: Yes.

Telemaine: Your friend’s a little dick.

(cast laughing)

Fig: He's just very, very--

Kristen: So you know that word.

Telemaine: Mm? He's reminiscent of a little dick. No?

Riz: Yes, I’m a little dick.

Fabian: Honestly, I like my grandpapa.

Gorgug: Coming back to Jorjug. You got the end part of it right which is the
same as the middle and the front part.

Telemaine: Bodad.

Gorgug: Sure.

Telemaine: Brojuj.

Kristen: Brojug.

Fabian: Brodaje.

Kristen: Brojatas.

Murph has his glasses off in disgust again.

Zac: Gorgug just starts running.

(laughing)

Brennan: You guys just take off. The rest, you're heading north.

Zac: (to Ally) Can you give us an Inspiring Speech?

Brennan: You see Ragh, as you guys head off, you see that Ragh is over, like
the van has Gilear, Sandra Lynn is in there, Tracker goes into wolf form to
move to the forest, Cathilda is like geared up for battle. You see sort of at
the caboose, at the edge of Kei Lumennura before you guys leave, Ragh is
talking to Fathethriel and you see that he's going like,

Ragh: Oh, man I had such an incredible time.

Brennan: And you see Fathethriel has one of like the ribbon scarves kind of
around him and is like playfully moving it and stroking his arms. And Ragh is
kind of like trying to disentangle himself and looking around, panicked like,

Ragh: (wiggling) Ah, can someone—

Kristen: Ragh, come over here. I’ve something to say to everyone, actually.

Brennan: You see he says,

Ragh: Fathethriel, I have to save one of my friends, but I will for sure be
back and it was awesome. [makes two metal hands]

Fathrethreal: [stroking Ragh’s skin] Green skin like the boughs of a tree,
leafy, my leafy man.

Brennan: You see that Ragh goes,

Ragh: Okay, don't talk about my skin.

Brennan: And he runs off and he kind of gets away. He says,

Ragh: Ooh, what's up. We gotta go.

Kristen: Yeah.

Ragh: We gotta go, we gotta go.

Kristen: I have a little thing to say just to kind of gear us up, y’know.
We've been through a lot. We were on Leviathan and we got through everything
there, there was a lot of crazy stuff that happened. We met Garthy.

Gorgug: It's gonna get inspiring pretty soon.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: It got kinda weird. I guess we don't want to get into that. Some of
us made some mistakes.

Fig: Feels more personal than inspiring.

Kristen: I guess this isn't some sort of big public apology, but Tracker, I am
really sorry.

(everyone laughing)

Kristen: There are things that I won't get into here.

Riz: This is brave. This is inspiring me. I'm feeling inspired.

Kristen: Yeah, sure, Fabian got his ass handed to him by a lot of people. But
he was alone, so it's like, that's fine. It would have happened to me. We're
all kinda weak.

Fig: Can you be so uncomfortable that you get more hit points?

Kristen: I just, I messed up once.

Fabian: It feels like that's about to happen.

Kristen: I might mess up again.

Gorgug: Her body protects itself and secretes hit points.

Kristen: I had a little whiskey earlier because I was just chatting about
something hard with Sandra Lynn. Sandra Lynn, you know what I'm talking about.

Sandra Lynn: [frustrated] What's your point, Kristen?

Emily: How did Kristen get a microphone from a wedding?

Ally: “Yeah, we went to college together.”

Murph: The paper shaking. [grabs and shakes his character sheet like he’s
nervously holding a speech]

Kristen: Anyway, what I'm trying to say is friendship is thicker than water
and we need water to live.

Fabian: Let's go out on that.

(clapping)

All: [chanting] We need water to live, we need water to live!

Kristen: [punching the air] Let's get outta here.

Brennan: Wonderful.

Ally: So we all just got some temp hit points from that Inspiring Speech.

Fabian: Truly insane.

Brennan: How many is it, 11?

Ally: Let's find out.

Brennan: It's not under spells, it's an ability.

Ally: Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Good call.

Lou: Level plus Charisma.

Ally: Hey, there we go, that's 11.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: Cool.

Riz: Thank you, Kristen.

Fig: Thank you so much.

Kristen: No problem. I can recite that any time.

Brennan: You see, you arrive at the edge of the lands where the allusion
begins to fade. You see that Telemaine appears here at the edge of the land
and goes,

Telemaine: You have taken your leave so soon. I'm sorry for how horny and
stupid the youths of this place are.

Fig: Yes, you'd be stupid not to be horny.

Riz: I actually agree, I kind of agree with you. Your whole idea here, my
friends are way too horny.

Fabian: Do you want a grape? I stole one.

Riz: I don't want a grape.

Fabian: Okay.

Brennan: You see he says,

Telemaine: Careful. Some of the grapes, when they are removed from Kei
Lumennura turn into song.

Fig: [disbelieving] Turn into song.

Riz: Can you reach into your pocket and see what happens?

Fabian takes the grape out of his pocket. The grape sings a high-pitched
little song as it flies away.

Riz: Okay, those are gonna be bad for stealthing.

Fabian: I only have one.

Kristen: If anyone has a grape that they stole, put it out of your pocket now.

Lou: Throwing lots of grapes.

Gorgug is removing grapes from his pockets as well.

Kristen: Ragh, do you have any grapes? I feel like that guy was giving you
grapes all night.

Brennan: He goes,

Ragh: Yeah, I ate a lot of grapes.

Fig: What did it do?

Kristen: So you're just gonna start singing when we leave?

Brennan: He burps and a musical note comes out. (singing high pitched notes)

Riz: You guys remember Goldenhoard? People poison us sometimes. They're bad
people.

Fig: I wasn’t gonna eat them.

Fabian: This is my family, Riz.

Brennan: You see, Telemaine looks and says,

Telemaine: My grandson, I have sent word to the fabled eyesmiths of the far
mountains. They now craft an eye for you if you wish.

Riz: How long will that take?

Telemaine: Briefest moment.

Fabian: Like it will be here now?

Telemaine: No!

Riz: Does that mean in a couple days or like?

Kristen: He doesn't know time.

Fabian: For you, yes, that's right.

Telemaine: I don't know, couple years, 100 years.

Fabian: 100 years?

Gorgug: The briefest moment is 100 years.

Telemaine: For my immortal elven life.

Brennan: You see he says,

Telemaine: You go now to make war on Calethriel Tower.

Fabian: Hopefully not war. Violence will be avoided if possible.

Brennan: He says,

Telemaine: Violence is what awaits you if you descend on Calethriel. The moon
doors of the elven folk will bring mages of the third ring, the Court of Stars
upon that place should you attack it. Enchanted men, oak warriors of the
forest will be summoned to the air. It is a fool's errahnd for you to attack.
What are you smiling about?

Riz: Not smiling about anything. I think this is all normal.

Telemaine: Right, it's a fool's errahnd.

(laughing)

Fabian: Do you have any tips or tricks?

Riz: Do you know any way to disenchant?

Fig: We don't want to attack it. We just want to get our friend back.

Gorgug: Should we tell these horrible teens that there's a party at the tower?

Fig: Party at the moon tower.

Telemaine: Teens have been banished. No teenjija may exit from-

Gorgug: What'd you say?

Telemaine: What's that?

Fabian: Teenjija. He said Teenjija. He's trying to say teenager.

Kristen: Can I ask you a question, sir?

Telemaine: Yes.

Kristen: Do you have the photo?

Fig: Oh, yes.

Kristen: Do see someone in this photo besides a smiling elf?

Gorgug: A smiling elf?

Riz: A goblin.

Kristen: Look, I’m a human, guys, I'm sorry.

Riz: (offended) What, you don’t know that I’m a goblin?

Kristen: No, I know that you're a goblin, okay!

Brennan: Gimme a Perception check.

Ally: 21.

Brennan: He hands it to you and says,

Telemaine: I see only a strange painting of a goblin in odd costume.

Brennan: You see the cat.

Ally: Me?

Brennan: You.

Emily: What?

Zac: Can I make a Perception check? And look at it?

Emily: Can I look at it?

Brennan: Yeah. You guys look at it. You guys don't need to make, if you just
wanna look at the picture.

Emily: Yeah, look at the picture, what do I--

Zac: I wasn't sure if that was a—

Brennan: You don't see it.

Kristen: [shocked] Um… um… um..

Fig: It's when you lie about something. Sandra Lynn lied and the next day she
could see Shadow Cat, right, could Sandra Lynn see Shadow Cat?

Brennan: Correct.

Kristen: I never lied about anything, though.

Fig: Okay, well you got in a fight with--

Kristen: [shrugging] Yeah.

Gorgug: [to Riz] I think you're the tallest person I've ever seen.

Kristen holds the picture up to Gorgug.

Brennan: You do not see.

Kristen: [panicked] You guys, I see the cat, I see the fucking cat. I mean the
cat touched me and now I can see her, was she in Adaine's bed? Was I spooning
the cat? All night in the milk?

Fig: Were you spooning anyone?

Fabian: You weren't spooning the cat all night in the milk.

Kristen: The cream comforter was so soft it felt like someone was spooning me.

Fig: But it must be something that we do in our life because remember Tracker
started to be able to see—

Kristen: Fuck.

Fig: Shadow Cat.

Kristen: [scared] Tracker, I know we're in a fight, but can you please hug me?

Brennan: Tracker looks at you and gives you a hug, pats you on the back.

Kristen: [whispering] I can see the cat.

Tracker: Okay.

Kristen: We can both see the cat now.

Tracker: We can both see the cat now.

Kristen: Did you sleep it off, are you still mad at me?

Tracker: Did I sleep-? Fuck you!

Brennan: And she removes you.

Kristen: This is crazy.

Riz: Kristen, I know nothing about relationships, but I also know that was the
worst thing you could have ever said.

Kristen: What the fuck.

Fig: In my opinion, that was actually your first real misstep.

Kristen: That's crazy. “Did you sleep it off?” was…

Fig: Not good.

Kristen: Tick tock.

Brennan: Ayda looks up at you and says,

Ayda: This is a bad time to bring this up, but I don't know when times are
good to bring things up.

Fig: Ayda, be you. We love you, however you wanna be, we love you.

Ayda: Thank you.

Kristen: What do you have to say?

Ayda: I love you too. Is that normal?

Fig: Sure.

Ayda: Okay.

Fig: Should be. If it isn't, it should be.

Gorgug: What's going on?

Ayda: Your message has been returned.

Gorgug: Oh.

Brennan: You see that she relays Zelda's message. Says,

Zelda: Sorry, was at a party.

Brennan: You see she says—

Fig: That's manipulative. Use those 25 words to say that, come on.

Brennan: You see she says,

Zelda: You don't have to build a cell tower, that's crazy. It's all whatever,
Gorgug. I don't blame you.

Fig: She said your name right.

Gorgug: Yeah, yeah, at least she said my name right.

Fabian: Sounds like you're off the hook.

Brennan: You see Ayda looks at you and says,

Ayda: Why do you react to that first statement that way?

Fig: Oh, because when people are in a relationship and they're not in the same
place, sometimes they can make them feel insecure to find out that the other
person was out having, socializing a bunch and being around a lot of people
who could be potentially alluring to them. And so when you're limited to only
25 words—

Kristen: To use a bunch of them.

Fig: Yeah, to use a bunch of them to say “I was with a lot of other people who
could’ve—”

Ayda: She should have said that she was completely isolated.

Fig: She should have just not mentioned it.

Ayda: Not mentioned.

Fig: I think it was a choice to mention it.

Ayda: Of course. Yes, much information has been left out, so social
information is intentionally hurtful.

Fig: Yes.

Ally: I put my arm around Gorgug, kinda. [mimics putting arm around someone
who is a lot taller than them]

Brennan: Ayda looks and says,

Ayda: This Zelda woman has hurt you, Gorgug. If you want, I can exact terrible
vengeance.

Gorgug: That's okay, it's not like that. I think it's fine.

Ayda: Okay, I don't know what it's like, so just thank you for putting bumpers
up and letting me figure out.

Gorgug: Sure, thank you.

Fig: Ayda, do you know Plane Shift?

Ayda: I'm afraid I don't know the Plane Shift spell. But I am powerful enough
to research it.

Fig: Will you?

Kristen: Oh, yeah, right, will you?

Ayda: I would have to return to the Compass Points in Leviathan, perhaps after
we rescue my friend Adaine, my best friend. Is that strange?

Kristen: No.

Ayda: Have I made myself vulnerable?

Fig: That's awesome, but she's also kinda my best friend.

Gorgug: It's good to be vulnerable.

Ayda: Yeah. By the transitive property, are we best friends?

Fig: Yeah, you know what, that's a nice way to take it.

Ayda: [monotone] Fantastic. I grow richer by the day. I am emotional.

Brennan: She starts crying.

Ayda: I am emotional.

Brennan: Fire growing on her face.

Ayda: I'm gonna fly away.

Brennan: And she flies off.

Gorgug: What? What do we need to do to get into this?

Fig: Wait a second. The elf that was with Ragh last night, that's someone that
you interacted with that the rest of us didn't interact with.

Fabian: Fromfethriel?

Kristen: Ragh's always been able to see her.

Ragh: I don't know if we should go back and talk to Fathethriel.

Fig: No, no, no, I'm not talking about going back.

Gorgug: Are you okay? What happened?

Kristen: Yeah, what happened? Was it good or was it weird?

Murph: Can I do an Insight check on Ragh?

Kristen: It's probably good but, he just doesn't want the--

Murph: 17.

Kristen: Drama.

Gorgug: Sounds like your personalities didn't really jive.

Ragh: No, I'm not the type of dude who would like bang somebody that I had
fucking nothing in common with. When we were talking, he was like, I don't
know, there's just this stuff he said. He kind of made a lot of comments about
me being big and beefy, which was hot in the moment and then it sort of kept
happening. I was sort of like what do you do? And he was like, your legs are
like the mighty trunks of trees, and I was like, we can just, we already, we
banged, we can just truly chat.

Fig: Once you're finished it's like don't touch me for a little bit.

Ragh: Yeah, exactly, right. I actually punched one of the seats in the van
pretty hard. It's wild because I didn't really know that if you do finish,
it's like, get off of me!

(laughing)

Fig: It was like that, okay.

Ragh: I was that.

Kristen: Get away from me.

Ragh: I raged right at the end there. I punched one of the van seats and he
got into it in a way that made me feel self-conscious and I punched it and I
was like, get off of me.

Gorgug: Cool.

Riz: So no shadow magic or anything, just talking about your tree trunk legs.

Ragh: The only shadow magic is, chaboy lost his V card. Hoot growl, hoot
growl.

Kristen: Oh, wow, I didn't know that you were a virgin, that's great, man.

Ragh: Yeah, not anymore, sayonara, so. He was a super nice chill dude who has
maybe led like a sheltered life and has not met like half-orcs before. And
also just like, afterwards, like when we were lying in bed and he like, sang a
lot.

Kristen: I could see that happening.

Ragh: I feel like an asshole. I'm judging someone that I was intimate with.
It's just like don't sing. I'm sorry, I'm an asshole, I'm an asshole. Don't
sing in bed.

Fig: You're allowed to not get along with someone.

Gorgug: There’s a lot of singing going on here.

Riz: Everyone's a lot.

Fig: Yeah, this place is like, what if every, no good.

Gorgug: We gotta rescue Adaine.

(laughing)

Kristen: Why do I see the cat all of a sudden? I really don't-

Gorgug: I don’t know that we’re gonna figure it out.

Riz: We'll figure it out another time.

Fig: It's on my mind as well.

Brennan: Telemaine looks at you as you guys are prepared to leave. Ayda comes
down and flies back. You see that Telemaine says,

Telemaine: Calethriel is defended magically from all forms of arcane and
spellcraft. Any wizard or sorcerer would be hard pressed to find their way
through its defenses. They are prepared for every magical eventuality.

Gorgug: What if I just hit everything pretty hard with my ax? I got so mad
about it, that I was hitting it harder than normal.

Telemaine: Well, I'm sure the elves would not have stooped so low to defend
their fortress from an ax.

Fig: I've infiltrated a lot of places.

Zac: Gorgug just starts running.

(laughing)

Brennan: You see that he looks and says,

Telemaine: But it will also, the moon doors and everything else will be
powered by elemental pylons, so those will be—

Riz: Is that something we can destroy?

Telemaine: They will be protected from any magical attempts.

Riz: What if I shoot it with a gun?

Murph: I pull out the gun.

Brennan: You see he says,

Telemaine: [sarcastically] So there is a name for the tube.

Riz: Yes, it's a gun.

Telemaine: [sassy] There is a tube name. You're a little dick.

Riz: I like this side of you.

Telemaine: Oh. You are a strange, green mouse thing.

(laughing)

Fabian: He grows on you, Grandpapa. At the beginning you're like, that's a
lot. But by the end—

Brennan: He says,

Telemaine: Well, I don't know, if it's a spell, the pylons will have been
protected. If it's not a spell, the arcanosmiths who crafted the pylons will
not have stooped or sullied themselves to defend the pylons from, what is
that, does a little ax come out of that?

Riz: No. It’s—

Murph: I shoot the gun.

Brennan: He looks at it and says,

Telemaine: What just happened?

Riz: There's like a little explosion inside there and it rocketed this little
ball. It's a gun.

Telemaine starts retching.

Fabian: Grandpapa, are you okay?

Telemaine: That's gross. (throwing up) That's gross, that's like some dwarven,
no. No, no, no.

Kristen: To the concept of a gun?

Brennan: (throwing up) He throws up.

Telemaine: I've soiled myself for the first time since the Second Age of the
Moon.

Fig: Gilear, this is your chance, he's low status.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: I would like to marry your daughter!

(laughing)

Fabian: What?

Gilear: Fabian, this is my only shot.

Fabian: What?

Gilear: Fabian, you gotta relax, it's my only shot…

Fabian: What? Do not, wait, not right now...

Gilear: Fabian, when am I gonna have another shot?

Fabian: I'm so low, I'm so in the pit right now.

Brennan: He grabs you and says,

Gilear: [surprisingly aggressively] You're low. You're low and he's low, it's
Gilear's day, baby! It's Gilear's day!

Fabian: Literally, do not!

Fig: [cheering] Yes!

(laughing)

Brennan: Gilear walks in and says—

Emily: Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: All right, Box of Doom. Hold on.

Murph: I wanna give Gilear the help action.

Brennan: All right, Box of Doom!

(cast laughing)

Murph: By climbing up on Fabian and holding his mouth.

Brennan: Holding his mouth. You jump up on Fabian. Let’s roll here. Rolling
with advantage. (rolling dice) Okay, that's a 12. I'm gonna say he needs to be
a 20. He needs to be at a 20, he’s got proficiency, but minus 2 as well, so
he's gotta roll an 8. He's gotta roll an 8. Gotta roll an 8 in order to make
it.

Lou: My heart is racing right now.

Emily: He's also gotta roll high with her.

Zac: I--

Brennan: What's that?

Zac: Never mind, never mind.

Brennan: That's a 1.

Emily: No.

Brennan: He goes up, you see he goes and says,

Gilear: Lord Telemaine of Kei Lumennura, I like you, am (throws up)

Brennan: He makes himself throw up.

Gilear: We get it, we both get it. We're the throw up boys.

Brennan: And he passes out.

Kristen: What?

Riz: Gilear just called himself a throw up boy?

Gorgug: Trying to bond with someone by making him throw up.

Ally: I try to run after Gorgug, I got your back, man.

Murph: I track Gilear into the woods.

Brennan: Cool. You see that Sandra Lynn shakes her head, picks up Gilear with
Riz, puts 'em in the van. You guys all head north. Telemaine—

Fabian: Bye, grandpapa.

Brennan: You see that Telemaine turns his vomit into a flock of white crows
that fly away.

Fig: No one interact with those crows!

Brennan: He says,

Telemaine: Fahbiahn, may the wind ever carry your (vaguely elven mumbling).

Brennan: Sand.

Fabian: Wow, my mom's side of the family is weird as hell.

Brennan: I never thought we would take a full episode of this show to just
dunk on elves. (laughing) Full episode. You guys head north. Go ahead and make
Perception checks.

(rolling dice)

Lou: Oh, yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah, 27.

Murph: Terrible today.

Emily: Oh, dammit! Ooh, I'm sorry.

Murph: It's a big 4.

Emily: 11.

Lou: Mod 1.

Brennan: 4, mod 1.

Ally: 27.

Zac: 12.

Brennan: (shocked) 27?

Emily: 11.

Brennan: 11, cool. You arrive at the lip of this valley. What you see as you
approach is that Ayda looks out for a second. Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay, so what's our strategy for the approach here?

Fig: Are we just going after the literal mechanic that will summon the guards?

Fabian: He suggested that none of the things are defended against physical
attack due to the elves’ thoughts on physical violence.

Ally: So no spells from here on out because that might trigger them knowing
that we're here?

Fig: I guess if they're completely protected against spells I shouldn't even
try anything, because I could disguise myself to look like Adaine's mom and
maybe they would all come after her and then you guys could run in.

Riz: I mean, if they kill you, that doesn't help us very much.

Fig: They wouldn't kill her though.

Gorgug: They would maybe catch her.

Brennan: With that high Perception check, you see what you think are the
elemental pylons around Calethriel Tower. Here's the issue though. There are
probably multiple miles away from each other. You see a tall tower on the
corner of a ridge and off in the corner you see a little bit of smoke as it's
coming from like a smithy or forge or something like that. That 27, you can
just sense magical energy moving through this. You guys are not privy to
Adaine's Arcana check, but these are the things that are allowing permanent
magical effects to stay standing, almost as like power stations or sources.
Looking at it with that high Perception check, it's basically like there's a
couple of almost like our equivalent of like electrical power transformers
that if you were able to knock them out, you would be able to--

Emily: Basically shut down the magic.

Brennan: Yeah, basically only the people that were already physically at
Calethriel would be there. You think that probably, looking at it like you
wouldn't have enough time to hit those pylons and then go the miles it takes
to get to Calethriel and win before somebody knew some shit was going on. Just
like an electrical grid, if you knock something out, someone's looking at that
grid somewhere and goes, “we just lost power in one of our prison centers.”

Emily: So we need three teams. One team to go to one, is it called a pylon,
those electrical things?

Brennan: Yes, they're called elemental pylons.

Riz: There's two pylons.

Fig: There's two, right. We need one team to go to one, one team to go to the
other and then we need an Adaine retrieval team.

Fabian: I like that a lot. The goal's not to fight.

Riz: Ayda, could you teleport?

Brennan: Ayda looks and says,

Ayda: I have one remaining teleportation.

Kristen: And how many people can you take with you?

Fig: Would we need the pylons to be out in order for us to use our magic?

Brennan: You see Ayda shrugs and says,

Ayda: I don't personally know the defenses of this place, but if it is as Lord
Telemaine has said, then it's reasonable that there will be arcane runic
magical defenses at this tower. However, they require some form of power
source and it seems to be these pylons are that.

Kristen: So we could do two teams, but the third team is waiting until we
knock them out to teleport in.

Fig: The third team basically gets a message.

Gorgug: We need to teleport off from Fallinel.

Fig: Gets a message that the pylons are down, then we can cast whatever spells
we want without triggering...

Kristen: Right, we can't teleport into there because we have to use that
teleportation to get out.

Gorgug: Yeah, this is teleport to get out of Fallinel.

Brennan: And you see that Ayda also, Sandra Lynn actually speaks up and says,

Sandra Lynn: Also, we're all separated, I don't feel great leaving the two of
you at an attacked elven facility without an ability to teleport off to
somewhere because the Court of Stars is going to be coming after you. So we
need to somehow, I don't wanna teleport away with Adaine and leave whoever hit
those pylons.

Riz: What if one group went in to save Adaine, another group went to one pylon
with Ayda, destroyed it, immediately teleported to the other one and destroyed
that and then heads off to the woods to meet Adaine's team.

Kristen: But then how do we get out of Fallinel?

Gorgug: Do we need to teleport to get out of Fallinel?

Riz: We would all need to meet up anyway.

Gorgug: But if they're teleporting already--

Fig: I think we need to hit the pylons at the same time if we can.

Gorgug: My understanding was that the teleport was how we all get off of
Fallinel.

Fig: Because if one pylon goes down, then the other pylon that still has the
energy to detect that something is going on. So we wanna synchronize it.

Siobhan: I'm just casting a Ray of Frost inside my orb to make it a fun little
slip and slide because I refuse to be broken by these people.

(Brennan laughing)

Gorgug: You have Dimension Door, right?

Fig: I do have Dimension Door.

Brennan: Adaine, go ahead and give me a Constitution save.

(rolls dice)

Siobhan: 12.

Brennan: You do not have a point of exhaustion. Your willpower funnels through
you even though you have not been able to trance this night as you make a
slippery little thing for yourself to slide around on.

Fig: So I have Dimension Door, but that only allows me to bring one other
person, so I could be a one woman Adaine retrieval team, considering I can
disguise myself.

Riz: I'm good at stealthing too. Why don’t—

Fig: But that couldn't get you out.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn sort of thinks for a second, she says,

Sandra Lynn: Baxter can clear a lot of ground, so if we're trying to meet at a
middle point, we do have a griffin. The woods are not gonna be great for the
Hangvan. Maybe the Hangvan is our meeting point.

Brennan: She taps and is like,

Sandra Lynn: And you have Dimension Door, right sweetie?

Fig: Mm-hmm.

Sandra Lynn: Okay, so that could be a jump some significant distance, right?
We might have enough time to make it through the woods, we just don't have
enough time to leave people on Fallinel, I think.

Kristen: Do you still wanna rescue Aelwyn if she's in there?

Fabian: Oh, yeah, that was, yeah.

Fig: This is what we originally came here to do.

Fabian: That was a big thing and then a bunch of stuff happened. Yeah, that
would be cool if we could do that.

Kristen: Yeah, let's do it.

Fabian: But if it didn't happen, that'd also be fine.

Kristen: No, we gotta save her, she's so hot.

Siobhan makes a grossed-out face.

Fig: Fabian.

Fabian: Yeah, I mean I’d love to get some smooches in, I mean everyone's
getting their V-card taken, so that'd be.

Kristen: [shudders] Taken.

Fabian: I'd love to have mine removed.

Riz: Fabian, lose yourself in the dance again. I saw that was the only way you
were free. You're the only one I wanna see dancing right now.

Fabian does in fact dance.

Kristen: Who will be able to destroy these pylons?

Fig: Whoever does the damage.

Riz: Anyone with a lot of damage.

Fabian: [still dancing] I think anyone with physical— I can, I still have—

Fig: Ragh is gonna be able to go to town on one, Gorgug's gonna be able to be
on one, Cathilda, anyone who's doing brute force and not spells.

Riz: So should we send hirelings to do one of the pylons?

Kristen: I can be on a retrieval team just in case Adaine is hurt and I can
heal her.

Fabian: I don't think I should be on the retrieval team.

Riz: You're gonna be really bad at Stealth though.

Kristen: Oh, I'm horrible at Stealth. But if we're ruining the pylons, isn't
that fine?

Fig: I do have Healing Word, so I can heal her, but I think Ayda will
probably--

Riz: Ayda, do you have the Invisibility spell?

Ayda: Yes.

Gorgug: But you're casting a spell--

Fig: Once the pylons go down, Ayda casts Invisibility.

Riz: And then we bring Kristen with us.

Kristen: Let's do it.

Brennan: Ayda nods and says,

Ayda: Once the pylons go down, the magical defenses of the tower will be
diminished.

Kristen: Great, we have a plan. We have a plan and we have a dance.

Brennan: Cool.

Fabian: I feel much better.

Kristen: [joins Fabian in the dance] Really?

Fig: I think I'm actually getting my temporary hit points from this.

Gorgug: Who’s going to which….

Riz: So I say hirelings to one pylon, just to keep it non-complicated, right.

Fig: Yeah.

Fig: Then the three of you.

Fabian: Are we a pylon squad?

Riz: Are you going to the pylon or are you going to the--

Fig: Oh, no, you're stealthing, yeah.

Fabian: I feel like myself, maybe Cathilda...

Riz: Why don't we do this. Why don't I go with you two. Hirelings go to one
pylon, I go with you two to the other pylon then that way I can scout ahead
with my good Stealth because we don't have any magic and I can maybe give you
guys help by getting ahead. And then these guys can go in with Ayda invisible.
And then we can all meet back at the van.

Brennan: As you guys are sitting here discussing this very fun, covert op,
hitting multiple power stations and doing this big coordinated attack, we're
gonna move to Calethriel Tower. Adaine, you look up and see Kir and your
father both enter the room. Kir approaches you and she smiles and sort of
boom, boom, hits her staff into the ground and as she does so, she comes right
up to the orb and says,

Kir: We have discovered, I believe, as much useful information as we can from
gleaning your thoughts. And I wanted to come in one last time before we make a
final assessment of what is to be done. Your father wished to have a word with
you, if he could.

Brennan: She smiles, leaves, Angwyn is standing there.

Angwyn: Adaine, you can't honestly believe that there is anything to be gained
from your stubbornness. I don't… You have made it crystal clear that you do
not think very highly of me. I can assure you that though I have made
decisions you disagree with, I do not wish to see my daughter executed for
treason.

Siobhan: Is he speaking to me in Elvish?

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: I'm going to respond to him in Common. I'm gonna say,

Adaine: You don't wanna see me executed for treason, but you're keeping Aelwyn
tortured and alive?

Angwyn: How is Aelwyn being tortured? She's proven herself a threat. She can't
be allowed to regain access to her spells. She's not being harmed or injured.

Adaine: She… [stammers, then crosses her arms in frustration]

Angwyn: Do you see her bleeding out on the floor? Is there a torture rack that
her bones have been broken on?

Adaine: How am I being treasonous? I didn't ask to be the elven oracle.

Angwyn: No, Adaine, you didn't ask, but occasionally some people see fit to
execute their responsibilities.

Adaine: Show me in the law book where it says that me staying in Solace is
treason.

Angwyn: [sighs] You know—

Adaine: I demand a lawyer.

Angwyn: Well, I'll bring that to the Court of Stars. This is not some
higgledy-piggledy democracy with an [air quotes] encoded constitution of laws
and rights. This is a civilized nation, governed by seven immortal dancers who
exist on a spindle and sing to the various phases of the moon, Adaine.
[getting louder] So if you wanna ask one of them to stop their immortal
singing to give you a lawyer, they will conjure up some kind of, I don't know,
tree spirit, okay.

Adaine: I curse you in the name of the seven seas and of the face of the moon
and in the shining of the stars and in the brightness of the sun, I curse you.
You are not my father.

Brennan: You see he says,

Angwyn: Well, those are very hurtful words and if you had a spell slot, I'm
sure that I would be very injured.

Siobhan: I cast Tasha’s Hideous Laughter on him.

Brennan rolls a die for Angwyn’s save and laughs.

Brennan: He goes,

Angwyn: Ha ha ha ha ha, ow, my face, it doesn't do this. (coughing, attempts
to clear his throat)

Brennan: And you see that Kir comes back in says,

Kir: Ah, Mr. Abernant, you've humiliated yourself.

Brennan: Kir looks at you and says—

Adaine: I demand a lawyer.

Kir: Very well, I shall bring that.

Adaine: I'm a minor. I'm underage in prison.

Brennan: Kir sort of squints and looks up at Angwyn. She dispels the Tasha’s
Laughter on him and you see he says,

Angwyn: So a lawyer is basically somebody who is sort of a, they use a hidden
language to prevent state actions from happening to people.

Adaine: I demand to see the Ambassador of Solace.

Brennan: You see Kir looks at that and says, that affects her, you see she
goes,

Kir: You are not a Solisian citizen and so therefore-

Adaine: I am an underage student of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Brennan: You see she says,

Kir: Oh, the Aguefort—

Brennan: And you hear (blowing trumpet sounds) and a scarlet A appears in
front of you and you see an illusion hologram of Arthur Aguefort appears. You
see as it does, Arthur says,

(mysterious wizardy music)

Aguefort: Hello and greetings. I am Arthur Aguefort and if you are watching
this recorded message, one of my students has claimed—

Adaine: He's a very serious man.

Aguefort: —has claimed diplomatic need of my help in foreign affairs. Now,

Brennan: You see that he repeats that in a couple different languages very
quickly, and then you see he says,

Aguefort: In this instance you should know that this student has been
apprehended unlawfully and is under the protection of not only my academic
independence, but also the laws of the nation of Solace. If they are harmed or
injured in any way, [suddenly growling] ruin will be brought down on your
heads, ninefold! [boom]

Brennan: The screen zooms out and sees him on a seaside cliff summoning storms
and you see he says,

Aguefort: [threatening shouting] I shall bind you to the center of the earth.
I shall put you into the center of the sun. I shall summon one thousand,
thousand dragons to devour you for endless days and send your soul back to the
dawning of time to live as a mote of worthless scum across vast eons! The
students of my school shall not be fucked with!

Adaine: Yeah!

Brennan: You see he says,

Aguefort: [low growl] Even now, doom moves upon you. If you wish to avert this
doom, [normal voice] press yes! If you wish to welcome your doom, press no.

Brennan: [bing!] These two things appear. Kir looks at you, presses no and you
see Arthur Aguefort says,

Aguefort: [pleasantly] Very well, you have chosen the way of pain, good-bye!

Brennan: And the thing disappears and at that moment alarms sound and you see
the sort of movement of the rooms react. And what it reacts to is something we
will have to discover on January 8th when we come back.

Adaine: You're in for it now.

Brennan: Guys, that's all for this episode of Dimension20 Live! Presents
Fantasy High Sophomore Year. We'll be back January 8th. Have a very happy
holidays and happy new year. Check out dropout.tv use promo code NICE for 69%
off your first month. Check out the Dropout store for a bunch of fun merch and
that's all. It's been so awesome doing this live show with you continuing the
adventures of the Bad Kids. We'll see you guys next time, bye-bye.

They all wave.

Siobhan: Happy Holidays, everybody!

Emily: Happy Holidays!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 10: The Dangerous Mind of Aelwyn
Abernant](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTjx_VuWUARMCvF3Z3iuvWGq6a14ehLvSG9fICeFyXqtwzVJHbY-6O55u4BNT7QhH6OOhlyex6J_u62/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650535923799&usg=AOvVaw2QUz9GYLHKYlDu9CWjJgYM)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: gluegunshots

Edited by: gluegunshots, tevildo, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxl7Kj0MzBmZehnlz1HTjrJ0jl1xmAk18RfiGKOQ4nm-
WXGgpUE1oJuyCY6nUQn87LS1ulT94h1MGFvE10:0)

Episode 10: The Dangerous Mind of Aelwyn Abernant

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 10: The Dangerous Mind of Aelwyn Abernant

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRkvPA_Q_tE33L9sSWQcu99zinpbZtXIFmG5tY84TMefw83-rK83DL3uos21R_YAREYi4P6M_YhVHcZ/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650539457697&usg=AOvVaw1crT8-j0BmnOJGVIGj971A)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRFPuQItsiadZYaCtE9ufwkyoOiz2YDEEQOTrVu1ADll9hlT9vaj6zodFP-3cStF85QBwTCdcd7St5f/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650539458095&usg=AOvVaw0n4KsG_PYtNE5y4u_tZc__)]
>

Brennan: Hello one and all, and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live presents
Fantasy High Sophomore Year. I'm your humble Dungeon Master, Brennan Lee
Mulligan. With me, as always are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan:  If you're tuning in tonight, thank you so much for coming in and
playing. We're back in 2020, gang. I wanted to take a second here to talk to
you guys and say, we are so grateful for you guys watching the show. We love
you guys. Obviously, this last week, a lot of our friends at CollegeHumor said
goodbye and were laid off, and we wanted to say that we love them, including
some friends of this show, Mike Trapp and Rekha Shankar.

Siobhan: And some enemies of the show.

Brennan: And some enemies of the show. Jess Ross and Lily Du. Truly wonderful
people. Information's gonna be coming out, Andrew Bridgeman, who runs the
social for Dimension 20, is making an awesome website where you guys watching
at home can go and hire CollegeHumor people.

Siobhan: Oh hell yeah.

Brennan: That's gonna come out--

Ally: For birthdays, or--

Brennan: Check it out. I assume that half of our fans own media companies, so.

Siobhan: Everybody's got one these days.

Lou: We're the number one actual play for CEOs.

Brennan: For CEOs, a huge percentage of our audience.

Zac: Jeff Bezos is just going… [stares contemplatively]

(cast laughing)

Brennan: But we're sending lots of love to all of our extended CollegeHumor
family tonight. And we also wanted to let you guys know that tonight, we're
actually airing a new Dimension 20 side quest, so Tiny Heist, which features
Jess Ross and Lily Du, along with the McElroy family, is coming out on
Thursdays for the next few weeks, there's six episodes, episode number two
comes out tonight, so you know, after you watch the continuing adventures of
the Bad Kids, you know, go get a snack, and then at midnight Pacific time,
you'll have a new episode of Tiny Heist to watch.

Siobhan: Content, content, content.

Brennan: It's all about--

Ally: Snacks, snacks, snacks.

Brennan: Snacks, it's all about snacks, baby. [yelling] Last we left off! Our
bad kids, teenage heroes at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, have been on a
quest, their spring break to retrieve the Crown of the Nightmare King. Their
quest has brought them to Bastion City, the pirate city of Leviathan, to Kei
Lumennura, the land where horny elves, teen elves, are sent to be banished,
and our friends are now heading to Calethriel Tower to rescue Adaine Abernant
from the clutches of the elven government. They have some elemental pylons
that they've found and been trying to dismantle, and also Adaine has just
triggered some kind of auto warning from Arthur Aguefort about fucking with
his students. Lo and behold, we return now to the world of Spire and the
continuing quest to retrieve the Crown of the Nightmare King! [punches the
air]

(cast cheering)

Brennan: How about it. So, we are in the forest of Fallinel. In the valley
before you, you observe the tall tower of Calethriel. This is of course the
Bad Kids, your associated hirelings and hangers-on. And the two elemental
pylons that you know are powering the tower are, there's kind of a rubbly old
tower far up on a ridge, and there is a small plume of smoke coming from like
a smithy or some kind of small wood burning place off in the woods, a little
bit closer to Calethriel Tower. Last week, you guys had made kind of a loose
plan to spread off in those different directions. Do you guys remember who you
had said you wanted to go where? With the hirelings going one place.

Murph: Yeah.

Emily: I'm going to Adaine.

Murph: I think you and Kristen are going to Adaine.

Emily: Yeah.

Murph: And I believe me, Gorgug, and Fabian are going to the smoke one?

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: Let's go to the pylon with the smoke, and then the hirelings are going
to the further one.

Brennan: Cool, they're going to the tower. Sandra Lynn will have no problem
getting them there. Tracker can fly and carry someone, so that's not a--

Zac: Tracker can fly?

Brennan: Tracker can change into like a spirit wolf form that can fly. You see
Gilear looks up and says,

Gilear: And the van, what of the van and myself?

Fabian: The van we put in your ever-capable hands.

Gorgug: Gilear, and it's very important to me that you know that we trust you,
and that you do not get behind the wheel under any circumstance.

(cast laughing)

Gilear: I shall remain with the van, and I shall not drive it under any
circumstance.

Fig: The van just couldn't handle your heavy foot.

Gilear: Yes, my feet are, especially my right is extremely, there's a lot of
fluid in there, so.

Fig: That's not what I was referring to, I meant more--

Gorgug: It looks like you hurt your foot.

Fig: A metaphorical dangerous driving foot, okay.

Gorgug: Did you roll your ankle?

Gilear: Oh, months ago, yes. Not here on the adventure. There's sort of a part
above the sockets turned like a band of purple around it.

Fig: Wait, so when we healed you from being dead, it didn't fix the ankle?

Gilear: No, I think there's some kind of bone issue or something, that it
can't heal quite right. It's all right, the pain is kind of ambient. It's not
acute, it's a sort of throbbing. And it's kind of nice, too, because you know,
all the extra blood kind of warms it up, and I don't have the heat on in my
apartment.

(cast laughing)

Fabian: All right, what about our friend?

Kristen: We had some kind of plan, right?

Fabian: Yes. You guys are like transporting in or something like that?

Fig: We could—

Riz: Aguefort was gonna do invisibility, right?

Brennan: Yeah, Ayda looks and says,

Ayda: I can cast Invisibility on all three of us, and we can go into the tower
together.

Fig: That’s the plan.

Kristen: Also, I don't wanna assume anything, but you're a bird? Are you part
bird, can you fly us in? Or no?

Ayda: We've established that I'm hal-phoenix, yes.

Kristen: Okay, I just, you know, sometimes it comes out of your mouth and
you're like, is this okay?

Ayda: Yes, absolutely. It is okay. You didn't just hurt my feelings.

Kristen: Good.

Fig: Can you fly?

Ayda: Yes, I can fly.

Fig: Could you fly with us?

Kristen: So let's be invisible and fly.

Ayda: I can turn you invisible and then fly us all there.

Kristen: Done, great.

Riz: Great.

Ayda: Very good.

Brennan: You see that she (whooshes) casts Invisibility on you, and says,

Ayda: I'm going to have to touch you to pick you up and fly you. Can I grab
you in sort of a hug?

Kristen: Enthusiastic consent!

Emily: I go for the hug.

Ayda: Ah!

Brennan: Okay, good, it's happened, it's happening. And you see that she takes
off flying. As she does, the three of you guys start heading towards the
smithy, which is closer, the hirelings take off and start flying. As you guys
begin to take off, however, you see there is a crash of lightning.

(imitates crashing, music changes to something dangerous)

Brennan: We cut to Calethriel Tower. The little alert sort of vanishes for a
moment. Adaine, you're in your bubble, and you see that Kir and your father
kind of turn to stare at each other, and you see as they turn, the turn begins
to slow down, and (booms) a rift opens up, and you see Arthur Aguefort's desk.
You see him sort of rub one of his eyes, look out and say,

Aguefort: Ah, Miss Abernant. Someone just selected the way of pain on one of
these auto notifications?

Adaine: Yes. Sorry, I didn't, hello. I'm kidnapped and in a tower, and they
have my sister locked in an orb, and have done for five months. I feel like
that's torture?

Arthur: Who, what institution has done this?

Adaine: The high elves of Fallinel.

Arthur: Mm. Very well. Let's do it. (grunts)

Brennan: He crawls through the like, rift that's he's made. [groans] He steps
out, looks around, and he says,

Arthur: Ah, indeed, we are in Falinel. All right, well, if they were dumb
enough to push that button, [growling] we'll make them pay.

Brennan: He leaps out of the window of the tower, and as he does, you don't
see him fall, and realize the reason he's not falling is because he's growing
as fast as he's falling. And an 80-foot, 150-foot, 300 foot Arthur Aguefort
appears. You guys see this happen even faster, as time begins to just change
and reform, Arthur turns down and says,

Arthur: [shouting] Attention, elves of Fallinel! Today, your nation falls!

Brennan: And reaches a hand up into the sky, towering overhead, and you see
his hand moves behind the sun and wraps around it, and as he closes his hand
around the sun, he goes, (screaming to the sky), and his veins light up with
golden fire, his mouth opens, (shouting), fire like races across the sky, and
he goes,

Arthur: Agueforts of the Earth, to war!

Brennan: And thousands of terracotta Arthur Agueforts begin to burst out of
the ground and just sprint north, away from Calethriel Tower.

Ally: Can I just say, this isn't part of the game, but Brennan did have a
really bad fever recently, (cast laughing) and I think it is showing.
Thousands of terracotta Agueforts?

Murph: So they're going away from the tower?

Brennan: Yes, you see that the—

Fig: Aguefort, we're down here, watch out for us!

Brennan: The like mountain-sized Aguefort that is clutching the sun—

Emily: He's gonna punt that thing.

Brennan: You see, he holds it and begins to drag it across the sky.

Lou: What?!

Brennan: (shouting) In one giant step, and you see, it leaves a like, burning
scar across the sky as he starts moving it, and you see that—

Gorgug: Do we need to do anything?

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You're all seeing this.

Fig: I’m ready to die!

Gorgug: It's like, what do we, is this good?

Brennan: You see that the giant Aguefort takes long, slow, thudding steps
across the valley, as thousands of terracotta Agueforts stream through the
woods, and within minutes, he is gone, and all of them are just leaving to go
north.

Lou: What's north? Is that north of the tower?

Murph: Their actual city I guess, right?

Emily: Something's gonna happen, I mean, if he's trying to save you, he's
probably not gonna destroy the city.

Zac: Maybe it's just like a distraction, and we should just keep doing our
plan.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Okay, yeah, let's do it.

Lou: Okay.

Murph: Yeah, can we do an Insight check to see if that's what's going on?

Brennan: Anyone that would like to can make an Insight check.

Murph: 'Cause like, what's north?

Emily: Oh.

Murph: Oh, sweet. 26.

Siobhan: I got a dirty 20.

Emily: I got an 18, though.

Zac: 13.

Brennan: You heard, with a 26, you heard the massive Aguefort basically
bellow, you know, like, “Elves of Fallinel, you will pay for what you've done
this day." The magic you're seeing is beyond the scope of mortal, you had no
idea that Arthur was able to do this.

Murph: Grab the sun?

Brennan: Grab the sun, have it light his veins on fire, and his glowing eyes.
You watch as he marches, his eyes glow like golden bright and just lasers the
size of, you know, like highways race out of his eyes, and he just caps a
range of mountains, just (imitates exploding), (roaring), as he marches north.

Fig: Hey Ayda, do you wanna call your dad and warn him that we're here?

Brennan: Ayda has landed and is like…

Ayda: Un, I, ahh... (stammers)

Fig: Wait, did you know he could do that?

Ayda: I guess, I didn't know he could specifically do that. Did he look at me,
do you think he saw me, or?

Kristen: He definitely didn't see you, but is this a normal thing for your
dad, or is this, do you think that really was your dad?

Ayda: It seems like something he would try to do. I didn't know that he was
able to do that, but it seems like something that he would maybe do.

Fig: I don't think he saw you, but it's only because your Invisibility spell
was that good.

Kristen: Yeah.

Ayda: Have you said something so kind on purpose?

Fig: Yeah. Remember, we're transitively best friends.

Ayda: Thank you. I really appreciate that. Sometimes people say nice things,
but they didn't mean it, or you would infer the nice thing. But the way you
said it, it was very nice. I appreciate that. Okay, let's keep flying to the
tower.

Brennan: She lifts you guys up. So Adaine, so you watch Kir and your dad see
this happen. Kir is horrified, and says,

Kir: I'm going to alert… alert the Elven government?

Brennan: She rushes up, but you can also see that Arthur has not like, sprung
you or done anything to help in any meaningful way. So your father just kind
of looks back at you and says,

Angwyn: Do you know what, is this part of the plan? Do you guys get informed
about this, in like an assembly?

Adaine: [deliberately] Yes.

(cast laughing)

Adaine: I knew that was going to happen as soon as you pressed, as she pressed
the pain button. None of this is a surprise to me.

(Siobhan laughs)

Brennan rolls a die for Angwyn.

Angwyn: Well you're certainly telling the truth.

Brennan: And you see that… (cast laughing) You see that he rushes off out of
your room into the tower as well, and we're going to begin with our group
headed towards the first pylon, the smithy.

Zac: Can you say that we're all running like anime characters? [puts his arms
behind him]

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Yes, all arms straight back out, running at the same time.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: Okay, you guys arrive, are you trying to arrive there stealthily or
no?

Zac: I mean, considering the massive chaos happening, like, stealthily
considering that, but maybe like, a little faster than we would've normally.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Murph: Yeah, I think we're in kind of a forest, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: So I think we're going, we're sprinting tree to tree.

Lou mimics dodging back and forth through the trees.

(foreboding, mysterious music)

Brennan: Cool. You guys move, you see this, as you guys arrive, you see that
there is a large elven smithy. Looking through the open archway, sorta this
small, like green, moss-covered stone building, smoke pouring out of it. In
the center of the building, you see that there are basically like three large
fiery braziers, right? These huge, like silvery elven dishes piled high with
burning coals, and then it's causing the smoke to rise up out of this. You see
that there are also three elven statues at the other corners of this kind of
hexagonal, six-pointed room, that are elven statues that are holding huge
pitchers of water. In the center of this smithy is a, so hot, it's hard to
look at it's so bright, deep fire pit, and that has a helix of magic within
it, going around and around and around. That central pit is what you think is
the source of a lot of the magical energy that is going to Calethriel Tower to
power its permanent magical effects.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: What do you guys do as you behold?

Lou: Perception checks for—

Brennan: Everyone make Perception checks, yeah.

Murph: I could see those statues being something tricky.

Zac: Perception, 18.

Lou: 16.

Murph: Ooh, not great, 10.

Brennan: You do not see any people of any kind here within the pylon.

Murph: So we got water and fire.

Zac: Maybe we douse 'em?

Murph: Well, there's braziers, there's three, and there's three things of
water?

Brennan: Yes, there's three braziers, there's three things of water.

Murph: And then the thing in the center?

Brennan: And then the thing in the center. The braziers of coals are in
different corners, so it's like a six-cornered smithy. It's sort of like one,
two, three braziers, and then in the opposite corners, facing away from each
other, it's one, two, three statues with water. The pitchers, you notice, gear
down towards the central fire pit. Like there's almost a channel or a runner
or something like that that comes up with the pitchers going down. The
pitchers don't look like they would naturally move towards the braziers in the
corner.

Murph: Oh, they look like they spill and then go to the center?

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Hmm, okay.

Zac: Can we inspect the braziers, maybe? See if like--

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Investigation check for the braziers.

Murph: Can somebody help him?

Zac: I can help you, ‘cause I have--

Lou: Well too late, I already rolled.

Ally: [pointing at Murph’s die] Ooh!

Murph: Yeah, baby.

Ally: Nice.

Murph: That is a, da da da.

Ally: Two 19s.

Murph: 27?

Lou: And I got a 2.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: A 27? The braziers are, you recognize them from a like, rogue tomb
raiding manual. These are traps, and these are specifically Conjure Elemental
traps.

Riz: Guys, this is Tomb Raiding 101. These are Conjure Elemental traps.

(laughing)

Gorgug: So how do you set them off? Would you know that, or like, should we...

(laughing)

Fabian: Well, I mean, the question is, is there a way around it, or do we just
have to deal with it?

Riz: Here's the thing. Tomb Raiding 101 only teaches us how to find traps, not
necessarily how to disarm them.

Ally: I like to imagine Riz is dressed as Tomb Raider all of a sudden.

Zac: Riz looks so hot.

(cast laughing)

Gorgug: Well, I don't think we have too much time to figure it out.

Riz: Yeah, all right.

Gorgug: Why don't we all go towards one of the statues? Like, 'cause I don't
understand how the braziers really fit in, unless they--

Riz: I bet you if we use the water, we definitely need to use the water to put
out the thing in the middle, if we do that, I bet you one of these elementals
will pop up. Here's an idea, I'll go do it, you guys get ready to just bash it
as soon as it comes out.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Fabian: Great

Gorgug: Let's try to like only go towards one of the things, so we don't set
off everything, just in case.

Riz: All right. Should I go climb up and—

Fabian: So you can get some water going?

Riz: Get some water going, and then you guys are just like, ready to destroy,
hell yeah, one of these things.

Fabian: All right.

Riz: All right.

Gorgug: I believe in you.

Brennan: Hell yeah. So--

Riz: Hey, I believe in you.

Fabian: I believe in you.

Gorgug: I believe in you.

Fabian: I believe in the two of you.

Riz: I believe in the two of these people.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you guys all believe in each other. Very, very exciting.

Gorgug: I believe in the three of us.

Fabian: I'm not sure about myself, but the two of you have got this.

Gorgug: And overall, the six of us at large.

Brennan: You move in, that investigation lets you avoid what you see as being
some possible areas where you could just set something off on the floor. You
like, hop up into an alcove. Go actually and give me an Acrobatics check.

Riz: Can somebody toss me, help me?

Fabian: I would like to toss The Ball.

Brennan: Yeah. (cast laughing) Go ahead and give me an Athletics check.

Gorgug: Can I help you?

Fabian: Yeah.

Brennan: Gorgug does the help action, give me, yeah, give me Athletics.

Riz: This is really supportive, guys.

Brennan: With advantage.

Lou: That's gonna be 22.

Brennan: Cool. So you pick up Riz in your hand, and you sail, bam, land on the
statue, not touching anything on the floor, land on the first statue.

Zac: Like a little spidermonkey or like, kite squirrel?

Riz: Really good job, everyone. I believe in you, I believe in you.

Fabian: I like this support.

Brennan: Give me another Investigation check as you arrive at the first
brazier.

Murph: (grunts) 13.

Brennan: Immediately, what you see is--

Lou: Is he on the pitcher or the brazier?

Brennan: You're on the statue with the pitcher, right? So you're on the statue
with the pitcher there. You see this like elven statue here. Immediately what
you see is all the infrastructure of this place, like everything, bears this
high elven adoration for arcane magic, so as a result of that, you see that
you need a cantrip to trigger, that there's an easy way to make these pitchers
move, which is just a cantrip that would allow them to bend over. For you,
you're gonna have to figure out some way to mechanically or otherwise like
disable or deal damage to cause these pitchers to move.

Gorgug: Oh yeah, they didn't care about physical strength.

Riz: That's right, yeah. We don't know how to use magic. We're all—

Gorgug: I am the greatest wizard of our time.

(cast laughing)

Riz: I believe in you, but also, we should've brought somebody who knows
magic.

Zac: Can I go into a rage and just jump at this thing?

Fabian: Well, yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, you can go into a rage.

(cast laughing and talking at once)

Fabian: Wait, nononono!

Riz: You're ready to attack, I believe in you, I believe in you, but wait,
okay?

Gorgug: Okay, do you wanna just shoot it off?

Riz: Yes.

Fabian: I mean, yeah. Okay, great, yeah.

Riz: Clearly that's the move, right?

Fabian: I mean, it feels like either you shoot it off or do Gorg—

Riz: But he's down there waiting for the elemental.

Fabian: Smack, okay, correct.

Riz: I'm gonna shoot, and then we're gonna reassess. I believe in you, I
believe in you.

Gorgug: I believe in you.

Murph: Bam.

(laughing)

Brennan: All right, I'm gonna let you know right now--

Murph: That I did a bad job?

Brennan: No, you did not do, there is a damage threshold here.

Murph: Oh, okay, cool.

Brennan: The damage threshold is 15. You need to do at least 15 points of
damage to do any damage, and then it's 20 hit points basically the mechanism
on the statue has.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll an attack roll as normal. You can add your Sneak
Attack to this.

Murph: Oh, sweet, okay. 16 to hit?

Brennan: 16 hits.

Murph: Great, okay. Let's--

Gorgug: The statue never saw it coming.

(cast laughing)

Murph: Oh, very good. (counting) Eight...

Brennan: Very good.

Murph: 28.

Brennan: 28! Riz, (whooshing), bam! You nail the—

Fabian: Great job, Riz.

Riz: Great job. Believe in you, believe in you.

Brennan: Boom, and you see the pitcher lurches forward off the broken statue.
This bright, clear water surges out of this alabaster pitcher, races down,
hits the central fire. The helix changes from gold and green to a weird,
arcane purple gold, just (whooshing), and the first brazier next to the door,
(roaring) roars into life, I need initiative from everybody.

Riz: Kill it, kill it, kill it, kill it, kill it!

Brennan: You guys have readied actions, but, so the way this is gonna work is
that basically you two guys get a surprise round.

Lou: Great, okay.

Zac: We roll initiative though, right?

Brennan: Do roll initiative, yes.

Zac: 11 for me on initiative.

Lou: 22.

Murph: 21.

Siobhan: (to Lou) He’s back, baby.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Here we go, Fabian.

Murph: It's good, this is a good plan.

Lou: This is good, I like this.

Zac: Really solid.

Brennan: All right, Fabian.

Fabian: I love the amount of support we're all giving each other. This is
good.

Gorgug: Positivity.

Fabian: Yes! We have each other's backs, we're a team.

Brennan: All right. Fabian, you act first without surprise. Let me ask you a
question, would you have gone to the statue closest to the door, or one
further away from the door?

Murph: I think probably the one closest?

Brennan: Cool. Fabian, you are first to act.

Lou: Great. Can I do an Arcana check? This is just like a classic fire
elemental? Nothing special?

Brennan: Classic fire elemental.

Lou: Great. Then we'll just swing, I'll just, I'll stab it.

Brennan: What sword are you attacking with?

Lou: I guess, I don't have, or I do—

Murph: You have something magical?

Lou: I don't have anything, I don't think I have the sword, do I still have
the Sword of the Seacaster on me, or—

Brennan: It has been placed in front of you a number of times, but whether
Fabian would be fighting with it right now is up to you.

Lou: I think I timidly just take it out, and I'll swing at it—

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: With one.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an attack roll.

Lou: That's going to be a 25.

Brennan: 25 hits.

Lou: Great. And that'll be 11.

Brennan: That is 11 points of damage. You rush up, slash, are you taking your
second attack?

Lou: I don't have one,

Brennan: (laughs) That’s right.

Lou: And then I will take my movement to stand timidly behind Gorgug.

Brennan: Hold on—

Lou: Or no, I'm not gonna leave a threatened area.

Brennan: You also take—

Lou: Okay, great.

Brennan: 5 fire damage right away, right off the bat.

Gorgug: Hey Fabian, you're on fire, dude.

Fabian: What? No, no! [slaps his arms]

Brennan: You have not ignited--

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: But you do take five points of fire damage. And as you move away, it
is gonna take a swipe at you.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Oh, you did move away?

Lou: I am going to move away.

Brennan: It misses.

Lou: Okay. Yeah, catching on fire.

Fabian: Oh, stop!

Gorgug: I believe in you, I'm sure you can find a way to not be on fire
anymore.

Brennan: Gorgug, you are next acting. Riz and the elemental, you guys lose
your turn for surprise.

Zac: I'm gonna go into a rage.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: And then I'm gonna recklessly attack this bad boy. Well, there's one,
right? Nat 20!

(cast cheering)

Murph: Love to see it.

Zac: And that means—

Ally: [chanting] Crit! Crit! Crit! Crit!

Brennan: That's gonna be 3d12 plus whatever you had, because you have Savage
Attacks—

Zac: 3d12 plus six. Oh wait, do I have Savage Attacks?

Brennan: You're raging, 'cause it's plus eight.

Zac: Do I get, oh yeah, okay, great. Yes.

Brennan: And it is 3d12.

Ally: Do you need a d12? Do you need another one?

Zac: Plus, I'm sorry, raging makes it plus eight? Oh yeah, that's true. Okay,
great. So here's… So that's 11, and then two, and then one more. Oh, I'll just
roll one. And then a five, so 11, two, and five.

Ally: 18.

Zac: 18, plus six on the first attack.

Brennan: Well plus eight on the first attack, right?

Zac: Oh yeah, plus eight. 18 plus 8 is 26?

Brennan: Jesus.

Zac: So 26 on the first hit, and it's a magical weapon, if that matters.

Brennan: It does matter.

Zac: And then it's also, you knock your subject prone with Zelda's mixtape.

Brennan: Oh, you listened to Zelda's mixtape. So Fabian, you are now slashing
this thing, it sets you a little bit on fire, Gorgug, (roars), bam, this thing
is on its fiery ass.

Zac: Okay, and then I'll take my second attack.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: Okay, worse. 16.

Brennan: 16 hits.

Zac: Okay, so that's just 1d12 plus eight. Okay. 19 on that one.

Brennan: All right 19 damage, damn.

Fabian: I believe in you.

Gorgug: [raising his axe over his head] I believe in all of us!

Riz: You both did really good.

Fabian: We both did do good.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Riz: You both did great.

Fabian: Yes. [heavy excited breathing, dances] Come on, Fabian, come on, come
on.

Brennan: You also, when you hit this thing, do take five points of fire damage
right away.

Zac: Ouch!

Brennan: That is going to be Fabian, your turn again.

Lou: What?

Brennan: Yeah, keep going.

Lou: Okay. I'm gonna run up and hit it again.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: It's on the ground, too, do you get advantage?

Brennan: You do get advantage, actually, yeah.

Ally: Crit.

Lou: I didn't crit, but I did get a 19. If I were a fighter, that would mean
something. So that'll hit, and then that'll be a 13.

Brennan: 13 points of damage, hell yeah.

Lou: And then I'd like to run back behind Gorgug again.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Awesome. That is going to be Riz's turn.

Murph: Sweet. I'm going to shoot the fire elemental. Oh, two, 10, 19?

Brennan: 19 hits.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: And you do get Sneak Attack, 'cause this thing is prone and both of
your friends are wailing on it.

(Emily laughing)

Zac: I'm looking at Riz like,

Gorgug: I believe in you!

Riz: I believe in you!

Fabian: The Ball, I—

Murph: I'm just shooting dangerously close to you guys, just like right here.

(cast laughing)

Ally: Like right over your thumbs up.

(cast laughing)

Murph: 25 damage.

Brennan: Ooh, baby!This thing is already looking hurt.

Riz: Good plan, everyone.

Gorgug: [thumbs up] Good plan.

Fabian: Are we going to kill this one, and then do the next pitcher, is that
what--

(roaring)

Fire Elemental: I have been summoned and bound by the elves of old to protect
this sacred pylon. Please stop hitting me with your weapons.

(laughing)

Riz: Right, we didn’t speak to you.

Gorgug: If we had not hit you, and asked you to not attack us, would you have
not attacked us?

Fire Elemental: [long silence] Get outta here, get outta here!

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You did Reckless Attack, so it's gonna get some advantage on
attacking Gorgug. Hold on one second. That's gonna be a hit. That's gonna be a
hit as well. It deals you first 10, and then 14 points of fire damage, your
rage does not half that, and you are also ignited and fully on fire.

Riz: You're on fire, Gorgug, you're on fire, dude. You're on fire, you're
good.

Gorgug: [pained expression] We’re a good team! Aaaah!

(laughing)

Fabian: You're on fire, but I believe in you.

Gorgug, on fire, gives Fabian a thumbs up.

Brennan: And Gorgug, that's gonna be your turn, Gorgug.

Zac: What do I do to not be on fire anymore?

Brennan: You can take an action to douse yourself.

Lou: Can I put you out?

Brennan: Although you do take another 5 points of fire damage at the start of
your turn.

Zac: At the start of my turn? Okay, so I'm at 85.

Gorgug: Look, Fabian, do you wanna try to—

Fabian: Yes, very much so.

(Gorgug shouts)

Fabian: Okay, yes, I will do that.

Riz: Keep going, Gorgug.

Zac: I'm just gonna Recklessly Attack him again.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: All right. That'll hit. That's, (sighs), 9 damage on the first one.
Another reckless attack, that'll hit. This is 11, so I did 21, or 20 damage,
so far.

Brennan: You know, you guys are rushing in here. This is one of the first
adventures you guys have had out here on spring break, where you guys like,
have a plan, you know what's going on, you rush in here, first pitcher down,
Gorgug, you're set on fire, but you guys got the jump on this thing and wailed
on its ass right away, and you two more mighty blows, bam, bam! There's a
blast of fire. You're still ignited.

Gorgug: Yes! [pained] Aah!

Brennan: This thing is--

Riz: Spring break! (cast laughing) Spring break!

Fabian: We're doing it!

Brennan: You guys yell "spring break" as you're on fire.

Fabian: [punching the air] Spring break!

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Fabian, that is your turn.

Lou: I'd like to take my turn to put Gorgug out.

Brennan: Cool, you take an action, you douse Gorgug, you are no longer on
fire.

Fabian pats at Gorgug.

Gorgug: Do you have one of those silk blankets you can use?

Brennan: You put the blanket up, and the blanket perfectly drifts and like
wraps around you, and there's a little elven like, (vague elven mumbling), and
it sort of breathes the fire off you.

Zac: Oh, good.

Brennan: [elf voice] Everyone knows elven sheets can put out fires. Fabian,
that is your turn. Riz, your turn.

Murph: Great, okay. No more elementals?

Brennan: No more elemental, there are two more segments of the room.

Riz: Sweet. Okay, everybody get ready to attack things.

Fabian: Okay.

Brennan: However, you do see though that there is clearly some like, alarm or
signal from within the changed fire, which was probably, you know, this is
like, literally where the energy is coming from, someone attacking it or
fucking with it was definitely gonna be noticed somewhere, but there is a, you
know, 450-foot Arthur Aguefort stomping north somewhere, so—

Murph: So hopefully, yeah.

Brennan: Hopefully.

Murph: Great.

Zac: Yeah, let's just keep going.

Murph: All right, I'm gonna shoot another statue.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Sweet.

Lou: Oh, can we, oh, nevermind.

Murph holds the die still for a long time before rolling, and Lou laughs.

Murph: Yeah! 24.

Brennan: 24, hell yeah. Go ahead and roll that Sneak Attack damage.

Zac: Such a dramatic pause.

Lou: Yeah. He held that. [punches the air after Murph’s roll]

Murph: 23.

Brennan: Woo! Pitcher lurches forward. Suddenly it is this gleaming bright
ruby red helix of energy coming out of the fire as the second of the two water
pitchers moves into the middle and another elemental springs out of the
brazier, acts on the next initiative, which is the one coming up right now.
Races forward and is going to take some attacks on you, Riz.

Riz: Oh. I should've hidden. We had a good plan on the first one, gang.

Brennan: You are immediately ignited, and you take 10 points of damage
followed by another 11 points of damage.

Ally: Oh.

Emily: You guys don't have a healer, do you? (laughing)

Lou: No.

Riz: Spring break!

Gorgug: [two thumbs up] Interesting.

Fabian: Spring break! I'll douse you, don't worry.

(cast laughing)

Siobhan: Into the blanket, boy.

Emily: And I have Healing Word.

Lou: Actually sink my sword and I'm just holding this blanket.

Riz: Hey, the worse we're doing, the better the other teams are doing.

Fabian: Yes.

Riz: Just remember that, everyone. Stay positive, spring break.

Emily: I forgot! Murph is such a paladin in my head.

Gorgug: You're fully on fire, spring break.

Brennan: Spring break, stay positive.

Ally: Stay positive.

Riz: Stay positive, spring break!

Brennan: Gorgug, it's gonna be your turn.

Zac: Gorgug, I'm going to frenzy on this, yeah yeah, recklessly attack this
one.

Brennan: Go for it.

Riz: Fabian, please put me out.

Fabian: I'm coming.

Zac: Weirdest roll I've ever seen.

Fabian shakes the blanket over his head in a dance, taking loud breaths.

Murph: We have the perfect help from traumatized Fabian. Just a firefighter.

Zac: First one hits.

(laughing)

Ally: You're fanning the flames!

Zac: Second one hits. And then I'm gonna use my frenzy attack.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: So. Does a, yeah, I think all three of them hit.

Brennan: Okay, awesome.

Zac: 23 for the worst one, so.

Brennan: So that's just gonna be 3d12 plus 24?

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: [laughing incredulously] Okay.

Zac: Okay, 10 and a 9 plus—

Emily: Oh! You love to see it.

Zac: 9.

Ally: Nice!

(laughing)

Brennan: 28 plus 24, you deal 52 damage in one turn.

Gorgug: I believe in us!

Riz: [on fire] Yeah!

Emily: Maybe you should just believe in yourself.

Brennan: As you attack this thing, you take another five points of fire
damage.

Fabian: Fuck!

Brennan: You guys definitely were right to not send the hirelings to this one,
this was a bad one. Just boom, boom!

Gorgug: We're both on fire.

Emily: (laughing) Now Fabian has to choose which one to put out.

Brennan: Hold on, you're—

Murph: Fire damage. I’m on fire.

Brennan: He took fire damage, you're ignited. Fabian, that's you.

Lou: Fully sheathe my sword, do like some light dancing with this blanket, and
then just full-on run at the Ball.

Brennan: You're really in touch with your elven roots right now. It's a lot of
like ribbon dance twirling. And you're like, the fire kind of curls up the
sheet and around your hands, and you do kinda some David Bowie orb tricks with
the fire in your hand.

Lou: Palm, yeah. Palm juggling, or contact juggling.

Brennan: You do a lot of contact juggling, the sheet's on fire. You are, Riz
is doused. Riz, that is your turn.

Murph: Sweet.

Fabian: I've found my purpose!

(cast laughing)

Murph: I'm going to do bonus action disengage by slowly backing away from the
situation. I'm gonna do a bonus action disengage so that I'm not getting
attacked by the fire elemental, and then I'm going to shoot at it.

Zac: I imagine if like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon, where like a sheet
unfurls and there's just no one there.

(cast laughing)

Murph: But then I'm anime running really low.

Brennan: All right, go for it.

Murph: Oh no, that is only a 12 to hit.

Brennan: 12 misses, that's Riz's turn. Elemental's gonna be next. You took
reckless attacks on your last turn, correct?

Zac: Yas, dude.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: Okay, that's a hit for sure.

Zac: Yeah.

Murph: My dude is reckless.

Brennan: That's a hit for sure. That's gonna be—

Zac: I mean.

Siobhan: Just two teams to go.

Fig: Tracker's flying. With the hirelings.

Brennan: 20 points of fire damage, and you are ignited.

Zac: [incongruously cheerfully] Okay.

Lou: My eyes come alive.

Zac: I really hope we don't have to do much after this.

Brennan: You guys, by the way, also now see that the helix in the middle is
flickering with other energy that looks like it's possibly failing. Out the
window, you guys see a flash of some kind of magic from Tracker up at the
other tower, so it looks like they've made it to their position as well.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check? Or I'll wait till my turn.

Brennan: It is your turn right now, welcome to another five points of fire
damage.

Zac: Oh, thank you.

Murph: Welcome to the fire zone.

Zac: Thank you.

Lou: Welcome to another five points of fire damage.

Zac It's a smithy, right?

Brennan: Yes, it looks like some kind of, but it looks like it has been built
in the shape of a smithy, and it's actual, it's not like functional for—

Zac: So there's not like weapons anywhere.

Brennan: Go ahead, make a Perception check.

Zac: Okay. 12?

Brennan: You see that there are some ornamental weapons carved from stone on
the statues. But this place is really more of like, again, like an arcane
power station than it is a working forge.

Zac: Great, okay. Well, I'm just gonna keep recklessly attacking, just
because.

Fabian: I'll keep putting you out.

Gorgug: Thank you, thank you.

Murph: I'm still on fire, right?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: I have 55 hit points,so I don’t know if I can keep doing that for very
long. [rolls] All right. 21 hit?

Brennan: 21 hits.

Zac: Does a 15 hit?

Brennan: A 15 does hit.

Zac: Oh, wow. And then a 23.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: So three hits. So it's gonna be plus, you know, whatever.

Brennan: Plus 24, yeah. [shakes his head]

Zac: So that is 20 points, with two dice, and another 10, so 30 plus 24.

Brennan: [impressed] 54?

Ally: Woo!

Brennan: Second elemental, Gorgug, (whooshing), and the fire blasts away,
singes the walls. There are no combatants on the floor right now. You are
still ignited. Fabian, it is your turn.

Lou: Can I make an Athletics check to do some cool jumps while I put him out?

Brennan: Go ahead and do it with advantage.

Lou: Hey thank you.

Gorgug: I have the positivity—

Murph: He's thriving.

Lou: That's 23.

Brennan: For the first time, you are feeling your body fully express itself in
combat, and instead of like, a weird compulsion to like, run into danger and
hurt things or attack things, you're like, saving your friends through the
power and majesty of dance.

(Emily laughing)

Ally: Oh, you Fabian.

Zac: I'm like out of breath, like soot on my face, singed hair, like…
[aggressive thumbs up]

Fabian: I'm here for you.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Fire comes off. Riz, that is your turn.

Riz: Sweet. This is something we didn't try. What if we put out the fire
before we do one of these things?

Fabian: Well, everyone knows that elven blankets put out fires.

Gorgug: Put out the brazier.

Riz: Yeah, I guess we'll--

Lou: I mean, it was announced that elven, everyone knows that elven blankets
put out fire, so I'd like to use common knowledge and use my elven blanket to
put out the third brazier.

Brennan: I know what's happening right now. I know, I see what's happening.
I'm gonna get the Box of Doom.

Zac: Yes.

Murph: Oh no, Fabian.

Brennan: I'm getting the Box of Doom. This is going to be a DC 20 Acrobatics
check.

Lou: I have advantage and plus eight.

Zac: Can I prepare an action to hit the thing if it comes to life?

Brennan: And I'm gonna say this, on a 20, nothing bad will happen to you. I
wanna see, you'll see what happens if you hit a 25 or higher.

Lou: Great, and this is—

Emily: I believe in you, Fabian!

Lou: This is, yeah, Acrobatics?

Brennan: Acrobatics.

Riz: Spring break!

Lou rolls in the box. It is a natural 16.

Lou: Oh, god, I can't see what that one is. I can't see what either one is.

The second roll is a 13.

Brennan: First one's a 16, what does a 16 do?

Lou: 16's a hit at 24.

Brennan: 24, awesome. Here are your dice. Fabian: you rush up to this brazier.
(Brennan and Lou both wiggle their arms in a sheet dance) You touch something
on the floor, which triggers the brazier to erupt.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: The elemental leaps out, and as it does, you [lassoes] encircle it in
the sheet, take it into the deepest tango dip in the world.

Murph: Oh my god.

Brennan: Now I'm gonna ask you to make a choice. You did not hit a 25.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Do you believe in the dance enough to fully take the damage that will
come from embracing this elemental?

Lou: I do.

(cast laughing)

Murph: Riz is sobbing.

Ally: Riz is sobbing.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: You take 22 points of fire damage.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: As you lean deeply into the dance. You guys see the sheet swirls
around Fabian's body and the elemental, like roiling up behind him in the
flame as you dip this elemental. Before the elemental goes, Riz, it is your
turn.

Gorgug: Shoot it in the head!

(cast laughing)

Murph: I shoot it in the head.

Riz: It's beautiful!

Brennan: The elemental right now, give me an Insight check.

Zac: Can I help you?

Murph: Yeah, that'd be great, thanks.

Riz: Help me figure this out, Gorgug.

Murph: Oh, nat 20.

Ally: Hey! [claps]

Brennan: The elemental has been so deeply affected by the dance that you don't
think it's in active combat mode right now. It might be in a state of being
partially stunned.

Riz: [his hand shakes as he holds the gun] So beautiful, Gorgug.

(cast laughing)

Gorgug: [nods] You're right.

Brennan: But you do see the final statue with the pitcher.

Murph: I'm gonna shoot the pitcher.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me an attack.

Murph: Yeah, baby, that's 28.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go ahead and roll damage.

Lou: Wild stuff happening over here at the smithy.

Zac: The vibes are strong in the smithy.

Murph: The boys are having a weird day.

(cast laughing)

Murph: Ooh, not great rolls, but 4, 10. Ooh, 4, 6, 12.

Zac: Can you do Fury of the Small?

Murph: Oh yeah, I can. And if that’s not enough, I'll do Fury of the Small.

Brennan: You do Fury of the Small. Bam, you hit 20 points, last pitcher.
[music changes to something soft and gentle] You see that the water flows. The
fire extinguishes. This elemental that you're cradling here, as the last
brazier goes out and the helix ends, the thing binding this elemental to
protect this place goes as the helix goes and the last pitcher's there. So you
are holding this elemental there, and you see that it goes from being a
monstrous fire to being a sort of elven face, made of wreathing flame. It
looks up at you, tears of flame streaming down its face, as you hold it, and
it kisses you so softly on the lips for… (rolls die) 8 points of damage.

Lou: I take it. I take it all. I take every single point of that damage, I
take it slowly.

(cast laughing)

Lou: I feel it. In my whole body.

Brennan: As it does, you see that a voice whispers in your ear like flame.

Fire Elemental: (softly) Thank you for my freedom. For my life.

The lights in the D20 dome briefly shut off. Brennan looks up around him.

Brennan: And the flame goes out. You feel a touch on your lips, and you guys
see, as Fabian stands, the sheet roiling around him, you see that his lips are
like, red hot, and that with like a sort of gulp standing up, badly injured,
you feel a glowing mote of fire like descend down your throat and rest hot and
warm in your chest.

Fabian: Oh. Wow. Great job, everybody.

(Brennan laughing)

Zac: Can I take his cape and wrap it around his shoulders and tie it on like,
the sheet, and tie it on like a cape?

Brennan: You are wearing a sheet tied around you like a superhero.

Riz: You got that fire in your belly now.

Fabian: I do.

Riz: [encouragingly] You got that fire in your belly!

Fabian: Yeah, I do, the Ball, I do, Gorgug. [high-fives Gorgug] Yeah. …
[screaming] Yeah!

Riz: Spring break!

(cast laughing)

Fabian: [shouting] Yeah! Let's go! Spring break!

Brennan: Spring break!

Zac: Jump down the stairs.

Murph: Is it broken?

Brennan: The pylon is destroyed.

Lou: Full on, I’m gone. My cape is—

Gorgug: Time to go?

Fabian is Naruto running with his cape streaming behind him.

Brennan: You like just performed some act of elven dance magic and are badly
burned, Gorgug is badly burned behind you. Riz, you're burned as well. You
guys got rid of the pylon and you rush out of there.

Murph: So hurt, so happy.

(laughing)

Brennan: So hurt, so happy.

Ally: Spring break.

Lou: Yeah, just the biggest smile on my face. [relieved] Oh.

[music changes to forbidding drumbeats]

Brennan: Incredible. We cut to Calethriel Tower. Oh my god. Okay, so.
Calethriel Tower is a tall, multi-story tower, about like, a 10 story tower,
that is situated into the edge of a walled courtyard. So it's sort of like, a
little ring wall, and then on the edge of the wall, the tower comes up,
leaving that little garden in the middle. You see the gate is closed. You guys
arrive, looking at it. As you guys arrive there, go ahead and give me
Perception checks.

Emily: 10. Wait, 11.

Ally: 20, not nat.

Brennan: 20 not nat? You look around, and Kristen, as you're waiting there,
you look and see the young elf maiden that you guys fought in Leviathan rush
into the tower, followed quickly by Adaine's dad, Angwyn Abernant. You also
see four of these extremely large, eight foot tall, they look like kind of
like green men, where they don't look like automatons like the Warforged you
met in Leviathan, but they're more like native spellcraft, they're like plant
beings that are composed of magic. But they have beautiful elven faces, these
are sort of eight, eight and a half foot tall elven giants, four of them walk
into the tower, and the last thing you notice with that 20 is you see some of
Tracker's magic up in that far tower, and then you see the moon doors that
some of these guardians came out of (imitates sizzling) fade.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Whoa.

Emily: I'm gonna use, we're invisible right now.

Brennan: Yes, you are.

Emily: I'm gonna use the opportunity to Disguise Self for the next hour, to
look like Arthur Aguefort.

(Brennan laughing)

Emily: So that if I come out of invisibility, they'll think I'm Aguefort.

Brennan: They'll think you're Arthur Aguefort.

Ally: Can I, while we're invisible, do I have a chance to cast something on
the elf that was running in front of Adaine's dad?

Brennan: They have made it in before the spells drop. Now the flow of magical
energy into the tower is gone, you know that all the permanent magical effects
that were on this place are now dispelled.

Emily: But those soldiers aren't.

Brennan: The soldiers are not. So, you have to worry about Kir, the young
elven woman, Adaine's father, and whatever those guardians were.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: I think if you cast a spell when you're invisible, you come out of
invisibility, I think.

Brennan: I believe, I think it depends. With lesser invisibility, yeah. And
that's what—

Emily: And that's what she—

Emily: Oh, so I guess maybe I cast Disguise Self before I--

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Got made invisible.

Kristen: Are we able, what do you guys think, should we fly and try to find
Adaine in a window?

Fig: Yeah, let's try to fly into a window.

Brennan: Cool. Go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Emily: 20, not nat.

Ally: 21, not, yeah.

Brennan: You guys spot a window up at the very top of the tower. Ayda looks at
it and says,

Ayda: Good, that's us.

Brennan: She picks you up, flies to that top of the tower. As she does, you
see Adaine suspended in an orb in that top tower.

Siobhan: Wait, if the magic is gone, shouldn't the orb be gone as well?

Brennan: The orb is a spell that no longer has the re-up effect, so in other
words—

Siobhan: Oh, okay, so in like an hour it'll be gone.

Brennan: Exactly.

Emily: Oh wait, if I cast a cantrip, do I come out of invisibility?

Brennan: Yes, when you cast a cantrip you’ll come out of invisibility.

Emily: Damn. Can we, let's just punch this window and get in. [mimes punching]

Ally: Yeah, no one’s in this room, right, it’s just Adaine and the ball?

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: Do you have that weird sword still?

Emily: I think I gave James Whitclaw’s sword back to the city, as much as I
wanted to keep it.

Brennan: Hell yeah. As you guys fly to the window, you guys rush in. Go ahead
and give me an attack roll on that window, attack.

Emily: 10?

Brennan: 10 does not hit. So like, there's no way now to like, stay under
Invisibility, right? Because you're kinda like, you gotta attack the window to
possibly get a chance of getting into the room. So you come out of
Invisibility with that.

Emily: Oh, wait, I come out of Invisibility for attacking? In that case, why
don't I just cast Shatter on it, if we're gonna come out of Invisibility
anyway.

Brennan: That and it makes the most sense.

Emily: Yeah, okay, yeah, so I just cast Shatter on it.

Brennan: Okay, you cast Shatter, you hit a fuckin' chord on that guitar.

Emily: And then Arthur Aguefort playing a bass guitar appears in the sky.

Adaine: Professor, what are you— You came back. Thank goodness you came back,
Professor. I thought you—

[metal music playing]

Brennan: (booms) Ayda, Kristen, and Fig all leap into the room. As they do,
you see those four guardians rush in with Kir and your dad right behind them.

Ally: I cast Banishment on Kir.

Brennan: We're gonna roll initiative now.

Siobhan: Okay. Do I also have to roll initiative?

Brennan: Yes you do.

Siobhan: Great.

Emily: 14.

Brennan: Woo!

Siobhan: I also got a 14.

Emily: Also Ayda, I wanna message Ayda and be like,

Fig: It's just me, it's Fig, okay, don't get--

Ally: Oh, you turned yourself into her dad.

Emily: I know, I know. I warned her when we were coming over.

Zac: Yeah.

Emily: I was like hey, psst.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Did anyone get above a 20?

Siobhan: No.

Emily: 14.

Brennan: Did anyone get above a 15?

Emily: No.

Brennan: Did anyone get above a 10?

Emily and Siobhan: 14.

Brennan: Both got 14? Cool. Fig, Adaine. Did anybody get between a five and a
10? What'd you get.

Ally: I got an eight.

Brennan: Eight. Hold on one—

Lou is headbanging to the music again.

Ally: I feel like I have to announce what I'm gonna do. I have a minus three
to initiative.

(cast laughing)

Murph: It's insane. It's the worst stat I've ever seen. You have a four.

Ally: I just start reading my book.

Zac: You have a four? Four to Dex?

Murph: They have a four to Dexterity.

Lou: They wear flip-flops, like, there's no--

Ally: Yeah, yeah, totally, yeah.

Emily: Yeah, that's true.

Ally: So you losing your like drive, it's like—

Brennan: Cool, you guys have landed in this room, you see this orb here. Fig,
you are first to act.

Emily: Sweet! Well, I'm Arthur Aguefort, so I'm gonna say,

Fig: This will all be over if you hand me the girl.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me Intimidation or Persuasion.

Emily: Wouldn't it be like Deception or Performance?

Brennan: Actually, we'll call it—

Emily: 'Cause I'm Actor.

Brennan: We'll call it, well, give me a Deception to be Arthur Aguefort, and
then it will be… I guess Intimidation.

Emily: Deception, I got a, hold on. 18.

The music changes a little, but is still metal, and Siobhan, Zac and Emily all
headbang a little.

Brennan: 18? Awesome. You, that's enough to deceive them, now go ahead and
give me Intimidation, just flat Intimidation.

Emily: 12!

Brennan: 12. You see Kir says,

Kir: You are nothing more than a fool, and your efforts here shall have been
in vain.

Brennan: I'm not gonna make you use your whole turn on that Intimidation, if
you wanna take another action, you can.

Emily: All right, then. I'm going to Hexblade Curse Adaine's dad and attack
him.

(cast laughing)

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Emily: I know this isn't strategic, but man, fuck that guy!

Brennan: Absolutely go for it.

Emily: Does a 15 hit?

Brennan: Does a 15 hit? A 15 certainly hits, however, I need you to make a
Wisdom saving throw for me.

Emily: Okay. Hmm, eight.

Brennan: That's your Wisdom saving throw?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Awesome. You see that Angwyn's eyes ripple, and he says,

Angwyn: Think better of your hasty action.

Brennan: And uses Instinctive Charm, which means on a failed save, the
attacker targets the creature closest to it, other than the enchanter or
itself.

Emily: Oh, please, don't make me attack Ayda as her dad.

Brennan: I'm gonna roll, it's 50-50 between, I'm gonna say one through three
is Ayda, and a four through six is Kristen. That's a three, you attack Ayda
Aguefort.

Emily: Oh!

Ally: Oh no!

Emily: Can I scream,

Fig: It's Fig, it's me Fig! Blame me, blame me!

Zac: Oh my god, that's so much damage.

Emily: Oh wait, no, I didn't do that, I didn't do that, I didn't do that. 12.

Brennan: 12 damage?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. And what was your actual attack roll again?

Emily: It was 15.

Brennan: Okay. You see Ayda, and you did 12 damage?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: So you swing at Ayda, (grunts), and you see that Ayda looks at you
and says,

Ayda: Dad, Dad, I'm sorry, I'm done, I'm sorry, Dad, Dad--

Fig: It's me Fig, it's me Fig, it's me Fig! I didn't mean it, Fig, it's your
best friend, I'm so sorry!

Brennan: Kir looks at Arthur Aguefort attack his daughter and scream, "I'm
you're best friend, it's me Fig," and Kir says,

Kir: I'm getting very confused and upset with everything that these children
do.

Gorgug: I hope the vibes are just as positive in the other tower.

Fabian: [sheetdancing] They must be.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Adaine, it's gonna be you.

Siobhan: I mean, can I do anything? Oh, I'm gonna Message Aelwyn.

Adaine: Aelwyn, get ready, we're leaving. Get ready.

Aelwyn: Okay.

Adaine: Get ready, we're leaving.

Aelwyn: There's a vault on the first floor.

Adaine: Yes.

Brennan: And she messages back to you, she knows to get ready. That is
Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: And can I ready an action to cast a spell?

Brennan: Yes, you may absolutely ready an action to cast a spell, yeah.

Siobhan: Great.

Emily: Are these guardians green plants?

Brennan: These guardians are green, plant-like creatures, yes. Um, uh, ba ba
ba... Okay, hold on one second. I am going to, Angwyn raises his hand to cast
Dominate Person on you, Fig. And Ayda knocks it out of the air. Boom,
Counterspell.

Fig: Thank you, from me, Fig.

Ayda: Whatever, I would help you, Fig, Dad, you're not my dad, you're Fig,
right?

Fig: Yeah, I’m Fig, I’m Fig, I’m not your dad.

Ayda: It's an illusion, yes, you're Fig, I know. Why would I have carried my
dad here? He never carried [stutters] me.

(Emily laughing)

Ayda: And--

Fig: Hey, if you wanna work out some stuff, like when we're not in battle, I
could kinda do this--

Ayda: I might need to work some of it out while we're in battle, because
you’ve elected to have a disguise that's very upsetting.

Emily: (crosstalk) I mean, if I had rolled really well on my Intimidate—

Brennan: That's Angwyn's turn, Kristen, that's you.

Ally: Great, I am going to, what am I gonna do? You know what, we're all just
in one room, right?

Brennan: Yep.

Ally: Okay, I'm gonna cast Spirit Guardians, and try to fill the room with--

Brennan: Spirit Guardians.

Ally: And excluding us two, Ayda and the sisters.

Brennan: Cool, you got it.

Ally: And then I want to try to see if I can roll the ball that Adaine's in.
Like a bowling ball at (laughing) Kir.

Siobhan: Do you have Dispel Magic? You can Dispel Magic it away.

Ally: I don't think I have Dispel Magic.

Emily: I don't have it.

Siobhan: I think it's arcane, I think only Ayda can do it.

Brennan: Awesome.

Ally: Yeah, but I have Heal, you know. I can heal you and your sister.

Brennan: So you cast Spirit Guardians, and a bunch of philosophy grad students
appear.

Kristen: My guys!

Spirit Guardian: Oh, what's up?

Kristen: What is up?

Spirit Guardian: Oh what do we got here, some kinda like, oh, it's like, is it
an off-brand, like, fey elven kinda—

Kristen: Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Oh, we're royal too, oh.

Spirit Guardian: What, are you guys aloof because of the passage of time or
some bullshit?

Adaine: Oh, you guys are just aloof because you're aloof?

Brennan: You see that one of the Spirit Guardians disappears.

(cast laughing)

Kristen: No! No, Adaine, which side are you freakin' on? Look, they're
students, they're philosophy students.

Fig: Yeah, they have to work it out now so they're not annoying adults.

Kristen: Yes, hey, do want a cortada?

Brennan: In unison they all say,

Spirit Guardians: We would love a cortada.

Kristen: Okay, okay.

Brennan: Incredible.

(cast laughing)

Siobhan: Yeah, there is an espresso machine in this prison.

Ally mimics the buzzing of an espresso machine and pretends to make coffee.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Can I see, do the Spirit Guardians get through the orb, or is the orb
totally--

Brennan: Wow, those are bad rolls. The Spirit Guardians do partially go
through the orb. They appear as kind of a radius. Every one of the green men
fails, go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: Oh, it's four d8, I believe. Can I have a d8 from someone?

Brennan: If you're using a higher level spell slot.

Ally: I am, yeah.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Ally: Fourth level. (whistles) All right, all right. 14, 15, 21… 21 damage on
anyone who.

Brennan: [sharp intake of breath] God damn.

Murph: Is it your modifier too, or just… Yeah, your—

Ally: Yeah. So what would I add to that?

Murph: It's just 21.

Ally: Okay.

Lou: Thank you.

Ally: Thank you.

Brennan: Okay. You see two of them rush up to you, Kristen, one goes to Fig,
one goes to Ayda.

Ally: How do the green men look after getting hit with 21--

Brennan: They're up, but they didn't like that. You see, as they start moving,
you see one of the guardians start yelling out,

Spirit Guardians: In what way do you actually defend the forest, and from
what? Do you have any actual participation in the systems that watch
ecosystems being destroyed, or do you just kind of march around and do what
the elves tell you?

Brennan: And the green men kind of partially disassemble under the weight of
those questions.

Lou: [laughs] The weight.

Brennan: Cool. Ooh, one scores a critical hit on Kristen.

Ally: Shield. Do I have a bonus action after, yeah.

Brennan: Well, this would be your reaction. You can use Shield, but it's a
critical hit, so it's gonna hit no matter what.

Ally: Oh, yeah, of course.

Brennan: 9, 14, 15, you take 19 points of bludgeoning damage.

Ally: Here we go.

Lou: Here we go. That’s a nice quiet here we go.

Brennan: Fig, you take 12 points of damage.

Emily: All right, Hellish Rebuke.

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: On one of those green dudes?

Brennan: One of the green dudes, yeah.

Lou: Cook 'em.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, they're--

Ally: Oh, that's gonna be great.

Siobhan: Fire damage is probably bad against them, right?

Ally: You should just try to get bumped into by all of them so that you can
Hellish Rebuke.

Emily: Oh, I rolled so poorly. That's gonna be a seven. And fire damage.

Brennan: Seven fire damage? That thing hurts, you know that it's not your most
powerful Hellish Rebuke. You see it hurts this thing quite a lot.

Emily: Oh, does it now!

(Ally laughing)

Emily: Interesting.

Brennan: Awesome. That is the green men's turn, as they swing at you. That's
now gonna be Kir's turn. Bum bum bum…

Zac attempts to throw a snack and catch it in his mouth, fails once, then gets
it on the second try.

Murph: Horrifying.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Did you do the cheese thing?

Murph: Yeah, he did it, he made it look like it was dice.

Emily: Are you doing it?

Ally: (shaking a cheese in their hand) You want me to?

Lou: I tried to do it, literally 'cause I thought you...

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: Incredible.

Zac: In this house, we eat dice.

(cast laughing)

Murph: You need to roll dice, pick up cheese as you pretend to eat the dice.

Emily: Oh.

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Zac: I'm gonna roll…

Zac again pretends to roll and throw a “dice” (cheese) but again fails to
catch it and it bounces off his face.

(cast laughing)

Murph: Perception check.

Lou: You do this thing where you shake your whole head.

Zac: Where the hell did that go?

Brennan: I'm gonna need Wisdom saves from Kristen, Fig—

Ally: What's up?

Brennan: And Ayda.

Emily: Oh, I need this to go well! 14.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: Nat 20. Go fuck yourself, Kir.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see that Kir looks at you and says,

Kir: Leave this place at once.

Brennan: You are unaffected, it looks like Ayda's unaffected, Fig is affected
by the spell.

Fig: Kill me.

(Ally laughing)

Brennan: Ayda is next in the initiative. Ayda looks at you, one second… And on
a roll of a natural 19, dispels the Suggestion on you. She looks and says,

Ayda: Dad, don't leave! Ah, I mean, stop, stop, stop, Fig don't leave, Fig
don't leave.

Kristen: Oh, no!

Fig: Hey, call me whatever you want if you're gonna dispel me.

Ally: This fight.

Brennan: That is Ayda's turn. Fig, that is gonna be you.

Emily: Okay. I'm gonna go over to the green guardians and put my bass aside
and then Burning Hands him.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Go for it, roll damage.

Emily: Rolled terribly again! That is going to be a whopping six.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: But it's a 15-foot cone.

Brennan: 15-foot cone. You can hit all of them in that for sure. It's a Dex
save for half. Hold on one second here.

Emily: [to Zac, who is looking at her sheet] I can't do it at higher levels,
it’s a special.

Brennan: Okay. Two of them save, two do not, and how much damage did you do
there?

Emily: Six.

Brennan: Six, okay. That's gonna be—

Zac: You can't because it's not that good, or—

Emily: I can't because it's part of my pick.

Zac: Gotcha. That’s cool.

Brennan: Yes, it's a lot of damage across all four of them, though. As you
light them up with fire. Adaine, that's gonna be you.

Siobhan: There's really not very much I can do. There's no spells that can

get through the orb, right? But Boggy can turn into a mist and then back
again?

Brennan: That's correct.

Siobhan: So can I send Boggy to help Fig on these Wisdom rolls?

Brennan: Yes, you absolutely can.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You send Boggy, Boggy rushes out.

Murph: Can Adaine Counterspell from in there, or—

Siobhan: I don't have any spells left. I only have three first level spells
left.

Brennan: That is going to be, Angwyn is going to go again. He is now going to
hit Kristen with a Dominate Person, I'm gonna need a Wisdom saving throw from
Kristen.

Ally: Oh. Interesting. It's a 14.

Brennan: 14? That is exactly Angwyn's DC, you succeed.

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: You see he says,

Angwyn: Come under my control.

Kristen: Did you say something?

Zac: What are you reading?

(cast laughing)

Kristen: On the Book of World Religions.

Brennan: That is Angwyn's turn, Kristen, that's you.

Ally: Okay, great. I'm going to, maybe can I just prepare a Cure Wounds action
for when we get these bubbles open?

Brennan: Oh, to Cure Wounds on Adaine?

Siobhan: I actually don't need Cure Wounds. My problem is really I

don't have spells left.

Brennan: The main issue is this orb as well. I don't know if Kristen

has Dispel Magic prepared.

Ally: I don't have Dispel Magic, yeah.

Brennan: But the main issue is the orb.

Ally: Okay, well then I guess I'll just keep, I'm gonna cast… Okay, yeah, I'm
gonna cast Blindness on Kir.

Brennan: Cool, is that a concentration spell?

Ally: Nope.

Siobhan: You have the teddy bear.

Brennan: Nope, okay. Oh yeah, the teddy bear, that's right. Okay, Blindness,
awesome. Hold on one second.

Ally: You choose a creature you see within range, they make a Con saving
throw. If you fail, you're blind.

Brennan: Okay, she's gonna make a Con saving throw.

Siobhan: How high is that wizard's Constitution?

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: Not extremely high, I won't lie. But on a natural 17, she does
overcome the Blindness. [vwoom] You—

Ally: Oh, sorry. On higher levels, third or more, you can cast it on an
additional creature. Can I do that and also cast it on--

Brennan: And target Angwyn as well?

Ally: Angwyn, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Absolutely.

Zac: Do your Spirit Guardians hit people this round?

Brennan: Yes, they hit at the beginning of their turn every round. You see
Angwyn, light blasts out of your crooked staff, and (shouts), he is completely
unable to see.

Siobhan: Sick.

Ally: Awesome.

Brennan: Now that's going to be the green men again. At the beginning of their
turn, they all make saves from the Spirit Guardians. Two save, another two do
not. Go ahead and roll damage.

Ally: All right. Keep it up, thank you. [rolls] Uh, it’s a… 19.

Brennan: 19, okay. So it's gonna be...

Ally: When I do that, is that 19 points of damage to each of them?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Oh, awesome.

Brennan: Sick. Your philosophy grad students just again start heckling and be
like,

Spirit Guardians: What's your whole deal, why do you exist? Rebel against the
conditions of your creation. You clearly have sapience, right?

Kristen: Hey, have you seen Memento?

Spirit Guardians: We love Memento!

Kirsten: That was crazy, right!

Brennan: Oh, complete in uniform sip from all their cortadas. You see that Kir
is now going to act.

The music in the background does a riff that is suspiciously similar to but
not the same as the primary riff of “Blitzkrieg Bop” by the Ramones.

Zac: Sounded so similar to a different song, and I was like--

Ally: Yeah, here we go.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: It's supposed to be, it's truly one degree off. But it's not that song.

Zac: It’s a soundalike.

Ally: All right?

Siobhan: Zac freaking loves pop punk. Big pop punk fan.

Lou: Lawyers watching the show. Our big two are CEOs and lawyers.

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Charisma saving throw from Kristen.

Ally: All right, okay. My Charisma is a six...

Brennan: 17 passes. Kir attempts to banish you, and you are not banished from
this realm.

Kristen: Uh-uh-uh. [Finger wagging]

(laughing)

Brennan: Ayda rushes forward, hits the orb with Dispel Magic and dispels it.

Ally: Yes!

Emily: Yes!

Brennan: She rushes up, grabs your hands, Adaine, and says

Ayda: I heard you were kidnapped, so I came to help.

Adaine: Thank you, my sister is also kidnapped. Can you do the—

Ayda: Great, where is she on the Earth? Can we teleport there?

Adaine: No, she's like in the next room.

Ayda: Extremely convenient.

Adaine: Yes!

Brennan: And you see that she begins to rush out of the door.

Siobhan: And I have my spell prepared, right?

Brennan: Yes you do.

Siobhan: How many of these green guys are left?

Brennan: All four are still up, but they're all looking badly injured.

Siobhan: Okay. In which case I guess I'll just Firebolt one of them. Wait,
yeah, hmm.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah, might as well.

Ally: Nice.

Brennan: Are you going after the most injured one?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobh: Well, it's 2d10 damage, so actually no, I should go after a different
one, right?

Brennan: Well it's gonna be 2d10 and they're vulnerable to fire damage, right?

Siobhan: Right, exactly.

Brennan: Up to you. They're all kind of looking about as injured.

Siobhan: Oh, okay, then I'll kill the one closest to me. Whatever that is.

Brennan: Cool, go for it.

Siobhan: That's a 15 to hit.

Brennan: 15.

Siobhan: Oh no, 17, sorry.

Brennan: A 17 to hit?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: 17 exactly hits.

Siobhan: Great. That's 10 damage.

Brennan: 10 damage? [whoosh] You light one of these dudes up.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: In a big blast of flame. That's your readied action, so that's your
reaction.

Siobhan: Great. And then can I slap my dad in the face? For no damage.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: He can't see it. coming, so free dad slap.

Siobhan: Great. (crosstalk) You know, sometimes you can handle a free dad
slap.

Ally: Free dad slap. This is a very dad-centric episode. Hi Dad, I know you're
watching.

Brennan: Fig, that’s gonna be your turn.

Lou: Number 3: Dads.

Emily: That's me, okay. I guess I'm just going to, I don't have any more fire
spells, I'm going to, I guess I'm just gonna Shatter these. I'm gonna try and
Shatter as many of these green guys as I can.

Brennan: Okay, awesome, no worries, go for it.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: [coughs] Sorry, guys.

Emily: So they do a Con save.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Or they take… Let’s see… 21. 21 damage, half that for anyone who saves.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: A creature made of inorganic material, such as stone, crystal, or
metal, has disadvantage on the saving throw.

Brennan: Okay. These guys are not made of stone, crystal, or metal.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Hit this power chord, again, Arthur Aguefort just rocking out in the
middle of this room.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: These guys are looking messed up for sure. Oh, I also believe, I may
have actually skipped these guys attacking you. So we're gonna go back and
resolve that, I'm afraid.

Ally: I took 19 from something.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: That was their first round.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Brennan: And what is Kristen's AC? That's a hit.

Ally: 18.

Brennan: You take 11 points of damage as one of them strikes you. Two are
going for Fig, and hit.

Emily: Shield!

Brennan: One is converted into a miss.

(Emily laughing smugly)

Brennan: You take 11 points of damage as well. As its huge, powerful wooden
fists rain down on you. That is Fig. Adaine, back to your turn.

Siobhan: Great. I guess what I'm gonna do is, Kir is still here, right?

Brennan: Correct.

Siobhan: I am going to...

Ally: Kir's the worst.

Siobhan: Chromatic Orb poison attack her.

Brennan: Awesome.

Siobhan: That's a 17 to hit.

Brennan: 17 hits.

Siobhan: Great. [rolls] And that's 10 damage again, god damn.

Brennan: To Kir? Awesome.

Siobhan: To Kir, yeah. 10 poison damage.

Brennan: That bypa— yeah, poison is a rare kind of damage. She vomits as
poison courses through her veins. She says,

Kir: I don't understand why you have to be so difficult.

Adaine gives her two middle fingers.

Kir: Oh, very classy.

Fig: Hey Adaine, what do you wanna do about your dad? 'Cause, I mean—

Adaine: I mean, I want him to die.

Fig: Okay, then we'll try to kill him.

Adaine: Great, okay.

Fig: Cool. Oh hey, it's me, Fig.

Adaine: [loudly] Oh!

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: That tracks, actually. That tracks.

Brennan: Angwyn dispels the Blindness on himself.

Siobhan: Can you Dispel something that you can't see?

Brennan: He knows where he is.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Let me actually double-check and make sure that Blindness is not an
inst, do you have a Blindness card there in front of you, Kristen?

Ally: I certainly do.

Brennan: Is the duration instantaneous on it? Is it a thing where it creates a
permanent effect? Let me, let me see—

Ally: No, on a successful Dispel, the spell ends.

Brennan: [takes the spell card from Ally] Let me look at the card real quick?

Ally: Also, Spirit Guardians I forgot halves anyone who takes damage from it,
their speed.

Brennan: Oh, okay, he actually keeps making the Con save. Well he's not gonna
wait around for that Con save, he's gonna dispel that. Angwyn looks at the
badly hurt green men and at Kir here as well. Angwyn—

Emily: Tries to run?

Brennan: Turns invisible.

Emily: Oh!

Siobhan: Bitch!

Brennan: Kristen, that is your turn.

Ally: Okay. There's a lot of like, commotion and Kir's throwing up, right?

Brennan: Yes, correct.

Ally: Okay, I would like to appear behind her, and I would like to put my hand
on her back and say,

Kristen: You're on the wrong side, but you could join us if you want.

Ally: And then cast Banishment.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Oh my god.

Lou: Banished?

Ally: Just to give her time to think, you know? Kinda out of this. We'll bring
her back.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: I like the part where you disappear and reappear. Just like slowly.

Kristen: Hey, um just something to think about.

Murph: I think that is gonna break your Spirit Guardians.

Ally: No, because I have teddy bear to--

Murph: Oh.

Brennan: Yeah, there you go.

Ally: Two concentrations.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Yay, concentration!

Brennan: Okay. Now we're gonna go ahead and deal with this. So, the next, so
Kir's got one shot at this.

Ally: Mm-hmm. [rubbing their hands together excitedly]

Brennan: It's a Charisma saving throw.

Ally: She doesn't seem very charismatic to me.

Siobhan: Yep. Anti-charismatic.

Brennan: She's actually gotta hit a 16 or higher in the Box of Doom right now.

Emily: Ooh!

Siobhan pretends to pray.

Murph: No way, no way, spring break. Spring break!

Cast: Spring break!

Brennan: On a Nat 1, she's gone, baby!

(cast cheering)

Adaine: Bye forever!

Ally: I kiss her on the side of the head.

Kristen: Bye.

Brennan: She says,

Kir: Oh, you're so— ! (shouting)

Brennan: And you see that, yeah.

Kristen: Ta ta.

Brennan: And all of your philosophy grads raise their cortadas, and they're
like,

Spirit Guardians: Kristen!

Kristen: Guys, guys, please. Let's hang out after this, right?

Brennan: (laughing) Next is gonna be the green men, who once again are gonna
make their saves. [pained] God! The highest roll was a five. Go ahead and roll
your damage.

Ally: Hell yes. Thank you. All right, come on, let's get a good one. Eh.

Lou: Kid's killing it today.

Ally: 17.

Brennan: 17? Okay. One of the badly hurt green men that got hit by that
Shatter and the Burning Hands before, see a grad student walks up and just
goes again like,

Spirit Guardian: So again, you do have a mind, but it's made of magic but you
follow orders... What does the plant motif have to do with imprisoning these
children? I just don't--

Brennan: And you see the green man just says,

Green Man: Forget it!

Brennan: And unravels, to just like get away from the grad student. And is
unmade, and that was, what you said, 17 damage?

Ally: 17.

Brennan: Okay. So that's gonna be, seven. These guys are looking messed up.
Kir is fully banished. Ayda runs in from the other room holding Aelwyn in her
arms.

Kristen: Nice. Let's get outta here.

Adaine: No, I need my spellbook. I had a spellbook. On the first floor.

Fig: They're on the first floor?

Adaine: I can't do anything if I don't have my spellbook.

Kristen: Can we start messaging? 'Cause we don't know where your dad is.

Adaine: Yeah, sure, yeah, we can do this via message.

Zac: Ooh, smart.

Brennan: Fig, that is gonna be your turn.

Emily: Can I--

Ally: Always hiding from Daddy.

Ally, Zac, Lou and Siobhan all tap their heads in a thinking motion.

Emily: I want to reach out and touch. Can I use Bestow Curse to try and make
him uninvisible? 'Cause it says that you can remove, it says like at the DM's
option, you may choose an alternative curse effect. So I wanna try and reach
out and touch him and make him uninvisible.

Brennan: What I'm gonna need from you is a Perception check with disadvantage,
and you're trying to spot, because like, I would let the spell do something
cool, but you gotta know where the guy is.

Emily: All right, I can't do that.

Siobhan: But can Boggy give her the help action?

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: I still have a plus two to Perception, so it's not really worth it.
What if I just try to attack him, would I just attack with disadvantage?

Brennan: You don't know where you're attacking. He's gone invisible.

Murph: He might've run, too, he had movement.

Siobhan: What about if Kristen tries to just hit it with her staff again and
rolls a nat 20?

Brennan: I will also point out, you do have these big green men that are
raining blows down on you.

Emily: All right, I'll just do one more Shatter on them.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: Nice.

Emily: I rolled three 1s.

Zac: Oh my god!

Ally: No!

Brennan: Oh, no.

Emily: I have rolled 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 3. All right. Take three damage, bitch.

Ally: New dice.

Brennan: Whew, brutal.

Emily: Or half that. I walk out the window.

Lou: Hey, want me to get you a cup of water?

Ally: Yeah, you dip 'em in a cup of water and then you can quit your spell
class.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Adaine, that is you.

Siobhan: I am going to… I actually have good Perception.

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: So can I grab Boggy back and try and find my dad?

Brennan: Yes you can. Go ahead and give me a Perception check.

Siobhan: Just regular flat?

Brennan: Regular flat.

Siobhan: Ooh baby, that's a 23.

Brennan: You hear a pitter-patter of feet running down the hallway.

Siobhan: Can I shoot a Firebolt down the hallway?

Brennan: Yes you can. Because you had that Perception check, I will let you
make the attack on the correct square. You're still rolling with disadvantage
because you're effectively blinded, you can't see.

Siobhan: Great. 9.

Brennan: Firebolt shoots down the hallway. You see a little scrap of burning
robe come out from invisibility, as the steps make their way down the stairs.
That's Adaine's turn.

Emily: Ooh. But if you--

Ally: Can I do, sorry.

Brennan: It's actually Angwyn's turn next in the initiative, and he flees down
the staircase.

Ally: Can I do a Perception check to make sure he's not going to the vault
where the spellbooks are?

Brennan: At this point, Adaine had to follow him out into the hallway.

Ally: Oh, got it.

Brennan: So, okay. It is your turn now.

Siobhan: He was too far away, sorry, when I shot him and I saw that piece of
burning robe for me to like, run after him and jump on his back, right?

Brennan: Well, you had already taken your action taking attack.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: Right?

Ally: I run out there.

Brennan: Okay.

Adaine: He went that way, he went down the stairs.

Ally: Can I do a Perception check to see if he's going to this like vault that
we need to go to next?

Brennan: What's that, sorry?

Ally: Can I see if he's going to to the vault to steal the spellbooks?

Brennan: Well, you know that he's running down the stairs. The tower is small
enough that there's not too many, it's not like the tower has tons of hallways
and rooms, it's kind of like each level is one.

Ally: Okay, I have a crazy idea.

Brennan: Let's hear it.

Ally: Okay, I still have my ribbon dancer wheel, that's true.

(laughing)

Ally: I whip it, and I fly down instead of taking the stairs down this tower,
I fall majestically down with the ribbon.

Siobhan: With your minus 3 Dex.

Murph: You're just gonna jump out the window of the tower?

Ally: No no, down into the middle, right? Where like the courtyard is? Just
try to whip one or two down, you know?

Brennan: This is beautiful, I'm gonna allow this to happen.

Ally: Uh-huh.

Brennan: Hey Ally, I'm gonna allow this to happen.

Siobhan: You don’t want this to happen. This is really bad. This is such a bad
idea.

Lou is hiding his face.

Brennan: So… So what's gonna happen is this. The skill that feels most like
doing a beautiful ribbon dance to me is Acrobatics.

Ally: It's not Religion?

Murph: You're just gonna look really good while you curl on the ground.

Brennan: So just go ahead and in the Box of Doom, if you'd be so kind, and
just give me an Acrobatics check.

Ally: My Acrobatics is negative three.

The cast all yell over each other. Emily and Zac both slam their fists into
their hand. The mood is panicky disapproval.

Brennan: Oh no no no. We like to ask Brennan for cool things to happen.

Murph and Lou: Jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump, jump!

Emily: If you get a nat 20, it's gonna feel so good!

Brennan: That's a 17.

Ally: Hey!

Brennan: Minus three is a 14. So you leap out the window. Now, I want Ally, I
want you to look at me and you tell me, do you feel like a 14 is a high enough
roll for your character to be able to use a dance ribbon to fly? Bearing in
mind that if I say yes, that if I say yes now, I have to say yes every other
time you wanna do this.

Ally: Yeah, definitely, I think, you know, 14, it's above average.

Brennan: Don't pay any attention to this noise. [many dice rolling out of a
bag]

Murph: You guys just see the most insane things.

Ally: I'm not trying to like fly, all right?

Brennan: Sure, you're trying to descend.

Ally: I'm just trying to grapple. It's like a grappling hook.

Zac: It's 10 stories?

Ally: Is it 10 stories?

Brennan: It's 10 stories.

Ally: Well, I'm just trying to grapple hook three flights down so that I can
cut off her dad at the pass.

Zac: Yeah, you have that kind of precision of course.

Brennan: Okay, cool. So you're just gonna try to nail this, you're gonna try
to cap this graceful fall at 10 stories, cool.

Ally: No, do you understand like, I'm jumping with the ribbon dancer like
this, you know, to fly, you know? I don't know if you understand. It's like to
fly.

Brennan: [hoisting the Box of Doom, perfectly calmly] Okay, so yeah, you're
just gonna try to go a quick three stories down using a ribbon dancer to do
that. An ability nowhere on your character sheet.

Ally: The ribbon dancer is written on my character sheet.

Murph: You have 4 Dexterity.

Brennan: So here’s the thing.

Murph: Not a modifier four, four.

Brennan: So here's the thing. I'm gonna allow you to avert this, because I
don't want anyone to say that I was cruel or mean or unfair, right? So all I'm
gonna ask is this. Hit a 15 Acrobatics check for me right now, Box of Doom.

Ally: Another one?

Brennan: Yeah, just to like, Indiana Jones using a ribbon as a bullwhip.

Ally: Yeah. See, you let Indiana Jones do it, and that's sexist.

(cast laughing)

Ally: No one respects femininity in this country.

Ally rolls into the Box of Doom and the die jumps out.

Brennan: You Ally-ed out of the Box of Doom, across my lap!

Ally rolls again.

Brennan: Okay, that's a natural 2.

Ally: Interesting.

Zac: So that's a--

Murph: Actual negative 1.

Emily: I really thought this was gonna be one of those crazy Ally moments!

Lou: I didn't want to say it to jinx it.

Ally: We don't know what the first one landed on, though.

Siobhan: That's true. The first one is canon.

Brennan: Here's your die back.

Ally: Thank you.

Emily: The first one was gonna be a nat 20.

Brennan: So, what happens is this. Kristen, you are like, “I have got to get
to the first floor before Angwyn.”

Kristen: Here we go.

Brennan: Hey, I have great news. You make it to the first floor way before
Angwyn does, right? And the reason for that is—

Ally: Why is that?

Lou: Ooh, man!

Brennan: 16, 23, you take...

Ally: Can we say the ribbon wraps around me, makes sort of a cushion.

Brennan: Cool. Here's what we are gonna say. Kristen, to get to the first
floor, you take your ribbon, twirl, leap out the window, and take 36 points of
damage as you—

Siobhan: Absolutely worth it.

Brennan: As you--

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: (shouting) And you fuckin' land on your leg and roll and snap your
ankle.

Ally: All right, I do have three points left.

(cast laughing)

Zac: Can you bonus action heal yourself?

Ally: Yeah, I would like to bonus action heal myself.

Brennan: Throw yourself a Healing Word.

Ally: Love it.

Lou: Ooh, I was stress eating celery in that moment. That was crazy.

Brennan: Oh my god. Incredible.

Zac: It's so often how often they try to jump on things with the worst Dex I
have ever seen.

Ally: I have a ribbon dancer, okay?

Brennan: Right. For sure, absolutely.

Ally: Some of us are getting more into dance in this episode. You just
wouldn't understand.

Lou: How dare you. How dare--

Ally: It worked out really great for you.

Lou: I saw you do it, and I was like, go off.

Zac: What's his Dex?

Murph: Your modifier is bigger than their total.

(cast laughing)

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: It's still, my modifier is five, which is more than their full attribute.

Ally: That's so funny.

Brennan: [coughing from laughing too hard] Total. Oh, that makes me laugh.

Murph: It's the lowest score I've ever seen.

(cast laughing)

Siobhan: How do you even roll a four?

Murph: I can't believe you didn't--

Siobhan: 'Cause you roll five dice and take the three highest ones.

Brennan: So here's the thing. I'm just gonna say that's Kristen's movement.
I'm gonna say that you leap out of the window, fall 100 feet, or let me see,
yeah, about 100 feet. Hit the ground, take that damage, but you have an action
left, if you'd like.

Ally: Great. I'm gonna cast Zone of Truth.

Murph: Oh my god.

(cast laughing)

Zac: What? On an invisible man?

Ally: I'm gonna cast Zone of Truth right outside of the vault, while I lay
there not really able to do very much. Just in case we catch him, then we
could ask him questions.

Murph: Cool.

Ally: We could figure out what they're up to.

Brennan: Badly broken leg, you cast Zone of Truth.

(Lou laughing)

Emily: You're not gonna heal yourself?

Ally: No, I did, I did a healing on myself.

Brennan: Healing Word, yeah.

Lou: Yeah, they're at 9, don't worry.

Ally: Oh wait, actually I get bonus points for that.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: He knows he's a bad guy.

Ally: Well, we don't know, maybe they know more about the--

Zac: I think he's just gonna, I'm pretty sure he's just gonna get away.

Brennan: Fig, you get hit for 11 points of damage.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: From one of the green men. Adaine, you're gonna get hit for some as
well.

Lou: Ooh.

Siobhan: Shield, is that?

Brennan: Okay, one of them is bypassed, a critical hit still hits you for
eight, seven, 15, for 18 points of damage, one, boom, wallops you. That is
going to be, Kir is still banished. Oh, actually, I'm gonna need Kristen to
make a concentration check, because you took 36 points of damage? So that's
halved to 18, so you better get an 18 Constitution saving throw.

Murph: You need a 16 or higher.

Ally: Okay. Oh! 10.

Brennan: Kir returns into the room when you hit the bottom of the courtyard.
As she does...

Emily: Wait, but was the teddy bear the one focusing on that one?

Siobhan: Yeah, what's the teddy bear's status?

Brennan stares into the camera like he’s on the Office.

Emily: If the teddy bear was concentrating on it.

Siobhan: Yeah, I feel like that teddy bear has a plus five to Constitution.

Emily: Also like, a teddy bear can fall out a window.

Brennan: [sighs] I'm gonna roll a luck check in the box of doom. One through
10, it was the bear, that takes no damage, 11-20 it was Kristen. That's a 15,
it was Kristen.

Ally: Aww, dammit. Do I look good down here?

(cast laughing)

Emily: I look out the window, yeah!

Ally: Do I look intimidating to fucking Kir?

Lou: Hey, and there's a Zone of Truth, so we can't lie, so.

Zac: You're definitely there.

Emily: Yeah. I take some pictures in case you want me to...

(cast laughing)

Ally mimics a splatted Kristen with their mouth wide open.

Siobhan: Spring break!

Ally: The end of 10 stories down, you take a little grainy photo of me?

Emily: And like, in the foreground is the ribbon dancer, which did
successfully grab onto the nook of the--

Ally: It's still falling.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: There's a cat filter on your face.

(laughing)

Emily: I take a boomerang, it’s really really… (?)

Siobhan: On your broken body.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Welp.

Ally: I'm glad we came in here with a plan, just like the guys.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Oh my god.

Siobhan: Oh, you're rolling too many dice back there, Brennan.

Lou: Oh no no no no.

Brennan: Adaine, you take--

Siobhan: I still have Shield up, is that, oh, this is from the crit?

Brennan: No, this hits regardless.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: You take nine points of fire damage.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Fig, you take--

Emily: I took 11.

Brennan: From the green men.

Emily: Oh, this is from someone else.

Brennan: This is from Kir, who's back.

Emily: Dang, Kir.

Brennan: You take 17 points of fire damage halved to 8.

Emily: Okay. Oh, right. [cackles]

Brennan: And then Ayda gets some fire damage, which she is fully immune to.

Siobhan: Cool.

Brennan: As Kir just lights you guys up with a bunch of rays of flame.

Fig: Dare you do that to Arthur Aguefort?

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see Ayda goes,

Ayda: Please stop that!

Fig: I know, but see, it's intimidating for them.

Ayda: It can't possibly be helping us more than it's hurting us.

Siobhan: Does Aelwyn have cantrips? How's she doing?

Brennan: Aelwyn's looking comatose.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: She's looking sort of--

Siobhan: So you're saying that she doesn't have any Ray of Frost that she can
just pull out of her ass?

Brennan: Does not look like it.

Siobhan: All right, well, you know, worth a go. I message her,

Adaine: Wake up, you bitch!

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Ayda is gonna go ahead and hit Kir with something. Kir's gonna make
another Charisma saving throw. Kir once again has to hit a 16 or higher. Box
of Doom.

Murph: Ain't gonna happen on spring break.

Zac: No way, sorry.

Lou: Not on spring break!

Brennan: That's a natural 3.

Murph: Yay, simply can't happen on spring break.

Brennan: You see that Ayda walks over and says,

Ayda: My friend Kristen did this. Mwah.

Brennan: And gives a kiss, sort of loudly pronouncing "mwah." And Kir goes,

Ayda: Not again!

BrennanAnd vanishes into a Banishment spell.

Ally: Yes, I wasn't there, but yes.

Brennan: Fig, that is back, your turn.

Fig: Okay, Adaine, do you wanna get to that spellbook before your dad does?

Adaine: Oh yeah, I do.

Fig: Describe the room to me.

Adaine: It's a vault and it's on the first floor.

Emily: I grab her by the shoulders and then Dimension Door down.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: Into the vault.

Brennan: You Dimension Door. The normal protections that would safeguard the
vault against these sorts of intrusions have been unmade by your party members
abroad at the elemental pylons.

Lou: [sheetdancing] Spring break!

Emily: Spring jailbreak!

Murph: I love how you’re just down there with a broken ankle as they just zap
past you.

(cast laughing)

Ally: Yeah, do I hear them arrive? Can I be like,

Kristen: I'm out here?

Emily: I still have my movement, right?

Brennan: Yes you do.

: So I wanna run to the door leaving so that I can try and prevent the
invisible man from getting out. So I wanna occupy that door.

Brennan: You have made it down here definitely before Angwyn is down here.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: And so you see that the vault door—

Emily: Oh, in fact, I wanna go and hold my leg out for like the stairs.

Brennan: Okay. Well, you see there's like a big locked vault door that hasn't
been opened yet, because no one's arrived here to open it.

Emily: Oh, I'm sorry, I thought we went into that vault.

Brennan: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You guys have teleported into the
vault, there's the inside with the big locked door. That's where Angwyn's
gonna come from when he comes here.

Emily: Oh, okay.

Brennan: 'Cause you're in a dark room that is, you know, you teleported into.

Emily: Okay, and then I wanna, can I like do a Stealth check or something to
trip him when he runs in?

Brennan: Yeah, you can prepare an action to attack him when he runs in,
absolutely.

Kristen: [strained] I'm out here.

Zac: He might not be coming to get the spellbooks.

Brennan: Adaine, that's gonna be you.

Siobhan: Can I, with Boggy giving me the help action, search this vault?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me either Investigation or Arcana.

Siobhan: Great. [shakes her head] Well, I rolled a 3 and a 2.

Brennan: Oh no!

Siobhan: So I got a 10.

Brennan: Okay. Right now it's pitch black in here, and even with elven
darkvision, it's hard for you to see, without light, it's hard to see what
would have magical auras in what would be otherwise light.

Siobhan: Okay, is there even at least like, I realize as a high elf, I
actually have proficiency in swords and daggers.

Brennan: Uh-huh.

Siobhan: I don't have any spells left.

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: I have one first level spell left. But are there weapons that I can
grab?

Brennan: Absolutely, you wanna just grab a weapon?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You reach out, there's a random sword hanging on a wall or something.
As you pull it, [unsheathes sword] you go shing! And the vault fills with
gleaming, green-golden light as this long, whip-thin elven sword springs to
life in your hand, and the voices of your ancestors cry,

Fandrangor: [elf voice, dramatic] Fandrangor, Sword of the Elven Kings, forged
in ages long past.

Adaine: Are you gonna do this every time I draw you?

Fandrangor: Every time.

Adaine: Great, can you help me find my spellbook?

Fandrangor: I don't have eyes.

Adaine: Okay, well, you're at least light in the darkness.

(cast laughing)

Fandrangor: Mostly we prefer to be used for fighting.

Adaine: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Right, yes, obviously yes.

Brennan: You just have this big glow stick sword as you feel its ego extremely
injured.

Adaine: You're being very useful right now.

Fandrangor: Useful is sort of not the vibe--

Adaine: Very dangerously useful.

Fandrangor: Oh, okay.

Adaine: You should meet my Investigate spell, I feel like you'd get on very
well.

Fandrangor: All right. Aha.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Incredible. Fig, the vault door, crank, opens, and...

Ally: Wait, if I'm out there, do I get an attack of opportunity?

Brennan: You don't see anything approaching.

Ally: Hmm.

Brennan: But you do see the wheels start to spin.

Kristen: Hey, hey.

Brennan: But there was this, the door opens.

Siobhan: What's your favorite color?

Brennan: The door opens. Go ahead and take your attack roll with disadvantage.

Emily: With disadvantage, okay.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Whew. Nat 1.

(groaning)

Brennan: Oh, no!

Ally: Throw your dice away!

Emily: I'm getting 1s every roll this session!

Brennan: Oh, I'm so sorry. So you take a swing, but you do hear a yelp from
Angwyn as he rushes into the vault, like (shouts).

Fig: I found him! I found him! Everyone attack!

Adaine: Close the door. Close the door!

Brennan: Kristen, that's you outside in the courtyard.

Ally: Okay. I would like to… Well, first I'm gonna cast a little Mass Healing
Word on myself, yes, okay. I get another 12.

Emily: Oh, are we within 60 feet of Kristen?

Brennan: You are, you wanna hit Fig with that as well, you can.

Ally: Yup, you all just got 12, and you don't get anything in addition, but I
do. Okay. I am going to, are my Spirit Guardians, do they follow me down?

Brennan: They do, yeah.

Ally: Okay, so would he have passed through them?

Brennan: Ooh, that is a great point. He's gonna roll.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: He rolls a natural 1. Go ahead and roll damage, if you'd be so kind.

Ally: [collecting dice] I need one more.

Brennan: One more d8? Yeah, go for it.

Ally: [borrows a d8 from Lou] Oh, here it is, sorry. Okay, that's seven, 14—

Lou: Cha cha cha.

Ally: 22.

Brennan: Ooh!

Ally: That's right, baby.

Brennan: You see that your grad students are confused and they don't know who
they're yelling at, so they just gonna like,

Spirit Guardians: Hey, fuck this invisible guy! Fuck this guy!

Brennan: He runs by, opens the door, and then springs out into this room,
where he gets swung at by a bass guitar.

Ally: Cool, then I'm just gonna use my turn to help try to find the
spellbooks.

Brennan: So you cast a bonus action, your Spirit Guardians did a thing, go
ahead, do you want to give, do you want Investigation or Arcana here? You
could also do a Religion check.

Ally: Yeah, Religion would be great, 'cause I get advantage on that.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Oh, I'll bonus action Bardic Inspiration you.

Ally: Woo! That was Religion? Yeah, 21.

Brennan: You go over and find a massive religious tome packed with notes over
in a section of the vault.

Ally: Okay, cool, I grab that and I do kind of like a, I wrap my body around
it in a ball on the ground so no one can take it.

Brennan: You like, just huddle around.

Ally: 'Cause he's still invisible, right?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Zac: Wait, when you get hit when you're invisible—

Murph: Does he have to do a concentration check?

Brennan: Oh, Angwyn?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Oh, he took damage, he does have to do that.

Murph: 11, right? 'Cause it's 22?

Brennan: 22 points of damage.

Lou: Get him, Murph.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: Get him.

Siobhan: Fuck him up, Murph.

Brennan: We'll do it Box of Doom style. He's gotta roll an 11 or higher.
That's a natural 3.

Ally: Hey!

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to reroll your attack roll, because he's not
invisible when he comes into the vault.

Emily: Does a 15 hit?

Brennan: 15 exactly hits.

(cast cheering)

Murph: You love to see it. It’s spring break.

Emily: Psychic blades, I'm adding my psychic blades.

Ally: It's spring break, baby.

Siobhan: Spring break!

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Good bit of rules lawyering from Murph.

Murph: I think Zac pointed it out.

Emily: 11.

Zac: I love to see it.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Love to see it.

Emily: 27 damage, bitch! Eat my shit.

Brennan: So you see, he comes in, your grad students like, grab the spell off
of him. He swings the vault and says,

Angwyn: You are a horrible, nasty little human!

Brennan: Bang! Like el kabong, just bass guitar to the head, his teeth fly out
of his mouth, and he is unconscious on the ground.

Fig: You're a worse fighter than you are a father. Oh, you couldn't hear that.

Emily: I heal him so he can hear that, then kill him.

Brennan: What's this?

Ally: Can I drag him into the Zone of Truth while they're finding the other
book?

Brennan: Yes, you drag him—

Ally: Okay, I hand the book to Adaine, and I drag him into the Zone of Truth.

Adaine: Thank you, this is not my spellbook.

Fig: Can I actually close this vault so we can trap him in here, so he doesn't
do something tricky?

Adaine: Wait, no, my spellbook is still in there.

Fig: Yeah, yeah.

Kristen: The Zone of Truth is outside. Yeah, let’s do it.

Brennan: You guys hear an enormous explosion from up in the top of the tower,
and you hear Ayda call down and say,

Ayda: I destroyed the green men, the last ones, they were still up here, more
bad guys. I don't know if that was a priority.

Adaine: You did great, thank you.

Ayda: Thank you very much for your compliment, it means a lot.

Adaine: We're friends.

Kristen: Come on down and hang.

Ayda screeches.

Zac: Where's your sister?

Fig: Come on down to the Zone of Truth.

Adaine: Bring my sister, please.

Kristen: Oh, right.

Brennan: Incredible. We are out of combat.

Siobhan: Oh, amazing.

Emily: Can I, okay.

Brennan: You guys see, however, as you guys are down here, that, hold on one
second. As you guys rush in, Ayda swoops down on you guys and says,

Ayda: We have less than a minute left before Kir returns.

Emily: I'm gonna use that minute to look for something about gems in this
special vault.

Brennan: I'm gonna let all of you guys make one last roll for the vault, tell
me the skill you're using, because Ayda is getting ready to invisiblize
everybody and get the hell out.

Zac: Is her sister there too?

Brennan: Yes, Ayda's holding your sister in her arms.

Siobhan: I'm gonna use an Arcana check with Boggy to help me.

Brennan: Absolutely, go ahead and make your Arcana check.

Siobhan: Okay, that's a nat 20.

(cast cheering)

Brennan: Ooh, baby.

Siobhan: [punching the air] Okay, all right.

Brennan: You find, cordoned off, using the light from Fandrangor, you find a
quarantined series of elven scroll cases that is labeled basically top secret,
classified, confidential. This is the research of Arianwen Abernant. You found
your mom's research.

Siobhan: And my spellbook and Aelwyn's spellbook?

Brennan: Your spellbook and Aelwyn's spellbook, yes.

Siobhan: Great, cool, thank you.

Ally: I would like to use Religion, and I'm looking for anything Nightmare
King related, if there's anything like that.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: (whistles) Oh, that was cocked. Okay. 17?

Brennan: 17? As Adaine is going through her mom's stuff, you find a series of
notes looking for the location of a temple within Sylvaire, that Arianwen was
looking for. And you see it and immediately know that Arianwen might not have
known where this was, but you do. The book that you and Riz found in the
Compass Points library.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: And let me get one from Fig as well, if you want.

Emily: Okay. I'm gonna do a Persuasion check?

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: And I'm gonna play like a really sick riff that makes all the gems
dance. And just like try and like suss out any sort of gems, [yelling] I don't
have any other good skills!

(cast laughing)

Emily: This is what I do and it’s all I do!

Ally: You're gonna hear a gem dance?

Lou: The gems are gonna dance and reveal themselves.

Brennan: Okay, awesome.

Ally: I jumped out the window, so I can't laugh at you.

Brennan: Give me--

Emily: What am I gonna do, a plus two to anything else?

Brennan: Give me a Performance check.

Emily: Okay, Performance or Persuasion? I can do Performance if you need that.

Brennan: Do Performance.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: You're trying to persuade some gems?

Emily: Okay, 19!

Brennan: Cool. You hit a tasty chord, and you see that there's like large gem
built into the base of Calethriel Tower. You go (imitates guitar chord
echoing). The gem cracks, and you see the tower begins to collapse.

(cast laughing)

Fig: Everybody run!

Brennan: Ayda goes,

Ayda: I think it's time to leave!

Brennan: And she grabs you guys.

Emily: I grab a shard.

Brennan: Actually, I will say this. You do see something here in the vault,
specifically about gem lore, also in the section of Arianwen's research that
Adaine was going through. So you grab another thing having to do with gems,
and you guys peace the fuck out. Ayda invisiblizes everybody.

Ally: Couldn't have gone better.

(cast laughing)

Ally: Couldn't have gone better.

Fig: Guys, great work out there.

Kristen: Good thing that me and my girlfriend are on such good terms, she can
nurse me back to health.

(cast laughing)

Adaine: Wait, did you and Tracker fight?

Kristen: We got in a little skiff.

Lou: (laughing) "We got in a little--"

Brennan: You guys race out. I'm gonna say that, as you guys all leave from
this place, you guys reconvene in the forest around the hang van. The three
spring break boys from the forge rush back into the van as the group flies in
from the far ridge, and the group that was hitting Calethriel Tower appears at
the van. You see Ayda looks at everybody and says,

Ayda: All right, what was the plan? Now what do we do?

Zac: Do we have the hirelings? Are they—

Brennan: Yes, the hirelings have all come back.

Emily: We have Adaine's dad, right?

Brennan: If you guys want to, you can, or you could have left him.

Fig: I wanna bring him. I want him to, do you think he casts Plane Shift?

Adaine: I don’t trust him to—  You think we can make him cast Plane Shift? I
don’t think so.

Kristen: Remember how horrible he is to work with?

Adaine: He sucks, I want him to die.

Fig: Well then why don't we just kill him?

Adaine: Let's kill him.

Gorgug: I don't know about killing your dad.

Adaine: He locked my—

Brennan: I'm gonna say this. With the tower collapsing around you, I don't
know that you guys would've had any more time to--

Siobhan: Great, so we just leave him under the rubble?

Brennan: I think you just leave him under the rubble.

Adaine: Works for me.

Emily: Wait, I must have some kinda, ah, no, I don't think I have anything I
can do.

Siobhan: I stab him as we leave. [sword stabbing motions]

Zac: [to Siobhan] Oh my God.

Brennan: You guys were putting your focus primarily on getting your shit out
of the vault.

Fig: Wait, ah, fuck, I shoulda just killed your dad.

Gorgug: I don't know that we gotta kill people's dads.

Adaine: I'm saying yes, we should!

Fig: Yeah, that's why I asked Adaine to begin with.

Kristen: I'm in that camp too.

Adaine: I disowned him.

Kristen: You just have a good dad!

Brennan: Ayda looks and says,

Ayda: I don't mean to shout or be rude, but it's very important that we do
something quickly.

Emily: I at least take a pack of clove cigarettes, light it on fire, and throw
it behind me, to hopefully increase the damage to him.

Brennan: Just through the carcinogens in the cloves?

Emily: No, because it would maybe be like start a fire.

Brennan: Oh, actually start a fire.

Ally: Light the whole pack.

Emily: Like the whole pack, take out all the cigarettes and light the whole
pack.

Ally: All my philosophy majors were like oh, oh!

Brennan: Hell yeah, hell yeah, hell yeah.

Fig: They’re not for you!

Riz: All right, well we just fought a bunch of fire elementals, does anybody
have any clues as to where we should go next? 'Cause we should teleport there.

Gorgug: We should teleport the fuck outta here.

Kristen: Sylvaire?

Fig: Sylvaire?

Adaine: We should at least get back to the van.

Riz: Teleport to Sylvaire?

Brennan: Ayda says,

Ayda: I don't know anywhere in Sylvaire to teleport to. I can either take us
back to Leviathan, or we could go back to Kei Lumennura under Fabian’s
grandfather’s protection.

Riz: Let's do that.

Fabian: Are we going, yes, to Kei Lumennura.

Brennan: Ayda (whooshing), fire and phoenix feathers. [calm music] You guys
arrive in Kei Lumennura. You see that Fabian, your grandfather, Telemaine,
looks at you and says,

Telemaine: My grandson.

Fabian: Grandfather.

Telemaine: Something has changed in you.

Siobhan: [gasps] I left my jacket! No!

Brennan: Did you? 'Cause all your gear was there, your spellbook.

Adaine: Oh, I got my jacket with me—

Brennan: Yeah, all of it was in the same quarantined, you got your jacket, you
got your shit. Yeah, they were not so paranoid that they would be like--

Siobhan: I take my anxiety medication.

Brennan: You know, it'd be like, yeah. Yeah, you take your anxiety meds. Cool.
All of you are here in the gardens of [elf voice] Kei Lumennura. You look
around and see this for the first time, Adaine.

Adaine: This is beautiful.

Riz: Adaine, it's good to have you back.

Adaine: What are these grapes.

Riz: [reaching out to her] We support you. Just so you know.

Kristen: Don't eat the grapes!

Fabian: Don't eat the grapes.

Gorgug: They kinda sing, or I think you could eat a grape, it just—

Riz: We don't know. It's a thing.

Fabian: It just makes you not horny.

Riz: Yeah.

Fabian: I think.

Brennan: A lot of love is showered on you, Adaine, by the other hirelings,
Cathilda gives you a kiss on the cheek, Sandra Lynn claps you on the back and
rubs your shoulder, and everyone's very happy to see you.

Fabian: Welcome back, Adaine.

Adaine: Thank you. Thank you.

Gorgug: We killed that guy we were fighting.

Adaine: Who?

Gorgug: Captain?

Fig: Captain Whitclaw, I actually had his sword, I would've given it to you
and it would've been a whole thing, except I had to leave it to be a good
person. [rolls her eyes]

Adaine: He seemed bad and his sword seemed bad.

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: [holds up Fandrangor] I guess I have this now?

Riz: I see that we have your, should we, I guess we have like your sister
kidnapped now—

Adaine: I need to sleep.

Riz: What's up with your sister?

Adaine: She needs to sleep.

Brennan: You see Telemaine looks at that and says,

Telemaine: Fandrangor, the Sword of the North Star. I made that a long time
ago.

Adaine: Oh, it's beautiful.

Gorgug: No way.

Fabian: Very cool.

Telemaine: Thank you.

Fig: Do you still make weapons?

Telemaine: Yes, I am the greatest elven swordsmith.

Adaine: It'll take him like 300 years.

Gorgug: Do you have one that you already made that your grandson could have?

Fabian: What?

Brennan: He looks and says,

Telemaine: [consideringly] A sword worthy of my grandson.

Fig: Or maybe just like a barbed sheet.

Kristen: A barbed sheet?

Fig: Yeah, that he could whip around.

Gorgug: You know, like, if a sheet like little--

Fig: The sheet looked inviting, but hurt.

Siobhan: I take the sword and plant it in front of Fabian.

Lou: I pick it up.

Telemaine: You wield it well, Fahbiahn Aramayahas Seacaster.

Fig: Oh, right. Say his name again?

Gorgug: No, you don't have to. (laughs)

Telemaine: I understand that I mispronounced it the first time.

Gorgug: Oh, you worked on it?

Telemaine: I did. I want you to know that I--

Riz: The proper pronunciation is Jorjudge.

Fabian: Jorjudge.

Fig: I prefer the way you pronounce it.

Telemaine: I want you to know that I respect you, and you deserve to have your
name pronounced correctly.

Gorgug: [touched] Thank you. I believe in you.

Telemaine: I'm going to say your name now. This is my best effort to get it
right.

Gorgug: I can't wait.

Telemaine: [the camera zooms in on him, he takes a deep breath] Chett.

(cast laughing)

Kristen: Jedd?

Riz: Chett?

Telemaine: Chedge, Chedge. Your name is Chedge?

Adaine: There are hard Gs in high elvish.

Gorgug: It sounds like literally no sound was correct in that.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: You see he cries a little bit. He says,

Telemaine: I'm really embarrassed, I'm really embarrassed.

Gorgug: You’re good at other things. You’re good at other things.

Fabian: Don’t worry, grandfather. We support you.

Riz: We support you. We learned a lot on our spring break.

Gorgug: I'm gonna go outside for a little bit, but I really appreciate the
attempt.

Adaine: I'm gonna sleep.

Kristen: Gorgug, how did you make that call before when you were able to call
Zelda?

Gorgug: Ayda Aguefort has the Sending spell, and maybe, did you—

Adaine: I have it too, if I sleep, goodbye.

Ally: Ayda, can I talk to Ayda?

Brennan: Yes, you go over and speak to Ayda, yeah.

Kristen: Hey, do you think I could maybe use your Sending spell to talk to
someone back home really quick?

Ayda: Yes.

Kristen: Great.

Ayda: 150 gold.

Kristen: I will absolutely give you, my friend, money.

Ayda: Is that normal? Is it strange or bad that I'm doing that?

Kristen: No, I think it's fine. I have much more money than you. I guess
that's an assumption, but we got a lot of money from a recent thing. Anyway, I
would like to send a message to Jawbone, my counselor, and I just wanna say
like, I'm having some relationship woes, and I just want a little advice. And
I wanna put some of that in there.

Ayda: All right, give me 150 gold pieces.

Kristen: Of course, yeah, okay, so let's see, that's 50, 75, 80--

Gorgug: It might not be the most financially sound plan to have a bunch of 150
gold transactions back and forth for a conversation. Just, it's your money, do
whatever you want.

Kristen: It's 150 gold per—

Gorgug: Well, I think Sending is one message there, one message back.

(Ally sighs)

Gorgug: And it's 25 words.

Adaine: Just wait for me to rest, it takes four hours.

Kristen: I can't do that. All right, I'll start with this, and then I'll
switch over to your message.

Brennan: Cool.

Kristen: I got 300 for this, I really need an answer, I keep saying the wrong
thing.

Brennan: You see that, what is the message that Kristen sends to Jawbone?

Ally: Okay, it says, Jawbone. (laughing)

Kristen: Jawbone, hey, having some trouble with Tracker. She's pretty upset at
me, I keep saying the wrong thing, I kept something from her, oops?

Brennan: You send that message, you immediately get a response back.

Ally: Oh.

Brennan: From Jawbone saying...

Jawbone: Tough break, kiddo. Happy to help if I can. Should I find a way to
contact you other than this spell?

Ally: Yes. Oh, I can't say anything.

Brennan: You'd have to respond back.

Ally: Ah, god dammit. 150. And it says, fuck yes.

(Brennan chuckles)

Brennan: Cool. You get a response back.

Jawbone: Hell yeah.

Fig: You can borrow my phone if you want.

Kristen: What?!

Brennan: Your phone doesn't work.

Fig: Oh.

Kristen: Oh.

Riz: You also like, threw it in a river, didn't you?

Fig: No, this is the new phone that I got from Adaine.

Adaine: Like a brick phone.

Brennan: Incredible. You guys are healed up.

Lou: Can I dance all night?

Brennan: Fabian dances—

Lou: I don't want to rest, I would like to dance with this fire—

Murph: He’s got the fire in his belly now.

Brennan: Give me an Acrobatics check with advantage, if you'd be so kind.

Ally: Ooh, advantage.

Murph: He's got fire in his belly now.

Lou: That's a one and a two.

(cast laughing)

Zac: Can I give him a help action or something? I don't know, this is too sad.

Emily: Oh, Bardic Inspiration?

Murph: But he's dancing like nobody's watching. So if any, this is brave.

Emily: Ah.

Ally: In a way.

Murph: I’m just quietly saying,

Riz: He’s so brave. He’s so brave.

Brennan: Fabian, you're just in the groove of it. You do see that your
footsteps, like, light the ground behind you with the dull glow of flame as
you (whooshing) dance and dance and dance like nobody is watching. Fabian,
it's a beautiful night of just being in touch with your body, your feelings,
and for the rest of you guys.

Murph: I think I want to, like as Adaine's going to sleep, I just wanna poke
her and go,

Riz: [whispering] Hey, Adaine. Is your sister still like trying to kill us?
'Cause she's kind of here now.

Adaine: I don't think so, I think that she's maybe, it's just they kept her
awake for like five months.

Riz: Okay.

Adaine: And it broke her brain. And like, that's so bad that I had to rescue
her.

Brennan: Ayda actually comes in with Aelwyn, and looks up at you and says,

Ayda: May I deposit this sister of yours in here with you?

Adaine: Yes.

Brennan: You see she lays Aelwyn on the bed. Aelwyn is outside of the

orb, you see that her body is still shaking from like the strain and effort.

Siobhan: Can I hold her as we go to sleep?

Ally: Aww.

Brennan: You hold her as you go to sleep. And both of you are just out like
lights.

Ally: That's so sweet!

Murph: Riz just slowly backs out.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Both of you trance for the first time in so long. And as you trance
in the night, you can almost feel your sister, she doesn't have any magic

left and is too exhausted, she just was in this position for too long. As you
start resting to get your spells back,you feel a tiny piece of your sister's
abjurative magic, like the innate kind of cantrip, it's her Abjurer's Ward,
like her class ability. As she begins to get her energy back from resting, you
feel her begin to build a shield around you in the night as you both trance.
Ayda comes out and finds you, Fig, and says,

Ayda: I think Adaine is very grateful that we rescued her.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Uh.. you fight very bravely, and--

Fig: Thank you, this was not my best work today.

Brennan: You see, she says...

Ayda: Um... you are extremely loud and funny and charming and you talk loudly,
and that's so exciting.

Fig: [giggling] Thank you so much! I mean, you're really direct and
analytical, and you kind of deconstruct things before my eyes and make me see
them in a different way. And I really like that.

Ayda: Mm-hmm.

Fig: A lot of things I take for granted you really think through.

Brennan: Just tears of flame straight down her face.

Fig: Also you cry fire, which is awesome. And check it out. [reaches out and
touches Ayda’s face]

Brennan: You see that, as you touch it and it doesn't burn your finger, she
goes,

Ayda: Ha, that's something we have in common.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: That's bonding.

Fig: That's bonding.

Ayda: Yep. I live on an island full of nasty, dirty pirates, so I don't have
any other young women to hang out with, and this has just been so huge for me,
and you're so cool and kind.

Fig: Why don't you just come hang out with us?

Ayda: Okay.

Fig: Why don't you just keep hanging out with us?

Ayda: Okay.

Fig: The library can run itself. I mean, the man who works at the front, he
was really on the ball.

(cast laughing)

Fig: Really fast.

Brennan: You see, she says,

Ayda: That's not been my experience of Rawlins.

Fig: Okay, from my experience, I was like ooh, that's a fast man.

(cast laughing)

Ayda: Running's all he's good for.

Ally: [laughing] "That's a fast man."

Zac: Wasn't that you running?

Ally: It was you, it was you.

Zac: The lore of the fast librarian.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Incredible. She looks and says,

Ayda: I think Adaine and her sister Aelwyn probably just need to rest.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: I need to fully sleep, do you fully sleep as well?

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Are you feeling tired from the battle?

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Okay.

Fig: Let's do it up. Are you asking to have a slumber party? 'Cause if you're
not, I am.

Brennan: Crying.

Ayda: Okay, you're asking that because you want it, and it wouldn't be weird
for me to also want that.

Fig: Look, I understand that you probably meet a lot of people that say what
they don't mean, but I pretty much across the board say what I mean, but I
usually look like someone else.

Ayda: Okay.

(Ally laughs)

Fig: But I mean what I say.

Ayda: Okay. I'm gonna lie down next to you while we sleep, because I have not
had a friend like that before.

Fig: Yeah. Let's do it.

Ayda: And I'm gonna really take my cues from you about what's normal about
that.

Fig: Okay. Physical contact is totally cool, we've talked about it, we can
just do whatever we want.

Ayda: Great, fantastic. I'm gonna really follow your lead on this.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that she lays down, and immediately starts to snooze and is—

Emily: Oh, I wake her up.

Fig: Sorry, part of the slumber party is that you stay up late talking.

Ayda: Fantastic.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: I got that wrong out of the gate, but now I know and I won't make that
mistake again.

Fig: Yeah, first cue is we stay up for a while.

Ayda: Great, fantastic.

Fig: Okay.

Ayda: I love that.

Brennan: She stays up talking, Ayda is… You find out, is there anything you
ask Ayda about as you guys are like, slumber partying?

Emily: I think I just would maybe apologize for being Aguefort, and I wanna
say like,

Fig: My plan was like to try to get out of fighting them and make them think I
was your dad, and like, that I would call off, you know, the military effort
if they gave us, I wasn't trying to mess with you at all.

Brennan: Gotcha. You see that she says,

Ayda: That makes total sense, and I won't lie, I caught the short end of the
straw with this disguise, but normally, your disguises are extremely
delightful.

Fig: Thanks, yeah.

Ayda: So it's all right that this one didn't pan out for me. I'm sure the next
one will.

Fig: I'm sorry that it seems like he's a really powerful guy and it must be
really annoying seeing everyone idolize him so much, 'cause it doesn't sound
like he was a great dad.

Ayda: No, he was not a great dad.

Fig: It's okay to admit that.

Ayda: I'm admitting it.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: I'm very forthright.

Fig: He might just be a bad dad forever.

Ayda: [monotone] Oh well.

Fig: But that's okay, because you find cool people in your world that take the
place that you were looking for from him.

Ayda: A different, other dad.

Fig: Well, [stutters] rather, the emotions you were hoping to get from him,
you might find in unexpected places.

Ayda: [frowns] I have to find these places.

Fig: (laughs) Not a physic, actually yeah, it's a physical place, yeah. Let's
go into some caves and look for emotions.

Ayda: Fantastic.

Brennan: Fabian is dancing, Adaine's collapsed. Gorgug and Riz, are you guys
doing anything else as you arrive back here in Kei Lumennura? Or are you—

Murph: I think we just watch Fabian dance.

Zac: I'm in like whatever the elven equivalent of a rocking chair is.

Murph: Yeah, we're both sitting on chairs.

Brennan: You guys see that there are two treants, like sort of tall tree
beings, that are like, cradling you in their boughs and like rocking you, and
they're both kind of humming. [hums a lullaby]

Riz: You know, this place isn't so bad.

Gorgug: How did this part start happening?

(cast laughing)

Riz: I thought I was just gonna sit in a tree, and it started singing to me.

Gorgug: Hey. Really not horrible.

Riz: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that Telemaine appears behind you and goes,

Telemaine: Yes, really not horrible at all. And you see holds up his hand, a
blossom lands on it, and he looks at you and just gently shoves it into your
mouth.

(cast laughing)

Telemaine: Eat it. Yes.

Gorgug shakes his head.

Riz: Is it good, or is it just a flower? It was beautiful.

Gorgug: It’s gross.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: He just glides off into the night.

Riz: Did he actually just feed you a flower?

Gorgug: Yeah.

(cast laughing)

Riz: That was insane.

Gorgug: It's a complex flavor, I don't like it.

Riz: That was insane.

Brennan: Kristen.

Ally: Mm.

Brennan: You, after a little while, you see Tracker kind of goes off to sleep
on her own. And also to like create the Moon Haven for as many people as she
can.

Ally: She's got work to do.

Brennan: She's got work to do. You see that, later on in the evening, a little
(booms) mote of light appears before you, and a little scroll glowing with
illusory magic appears, and it says “a message from Arthur Aguefort.”

Ally: Oh, cool. I open it.

Brennan: It appears, you see in front of you a badly injured Arthur Aguefort
at his desk, wrapped up with bandages, bleeding a lot, seated as his desk at
Aguefort Adventuring Academy. Looks up at you. You see he goes,

[music stops]

Aguefort: (sighing) Oh, hello, Kristen, how's it going?

Kristen: It's good, are you okay?

Aguefort: I fucked up.

Kristen: What?

Aguefort: I fucked up.

Kristen: What happened?

Aguefort: I did a bunch of magic, it was too much. It was just too much. I
tried, you can't just destroy a government.

(cast laughing)

Kristen: Oh, got it.

Aguefort: You can't just destroy a government.

Kristen: Got it.

Aguefort: A lot of that stuff was experimental, I was working on it, it's not,
we shouldn't do that. I'm in a lot of trouble. [coughs a little]

Kristen: Oh god.

Aguefort: I'm in a lot of trouble, the government of Solace is really mad at
me. Really mad at me.

Kristen: Oh, cool. Did you just kinda start a war like out of nowhere, maybe
to like throw the scent off?

Aguefort: I think they're gonna patch it up, I think I didn't fuck anything up
too much, I didn't. Yeah, a lot of that magic was sort of new, I was trying it
out.

Kristen: What? You were, when you grabbed the sun?

Aguefort: Yeah, you're not supposed to do that.

Kristen: Yeah. Okay, cool.

Aguefort: Yeah, it's too much. It's just too much.

Kristen: That was a workshop.

Aguefort: I really hurt myself.

Kristen: I'm really sorry.

Aguefort: This is just the magic to kind of tore up my guts. (cast laughing)
Oh, I just--

Kristen: All right, okay yeah.

Aguefort: I got about 50 miles north, and I just shit about an ocean of blood.

Kristen: No.

Aguefort: Yeah, I can't get that big. It's just too big.

Kristen: Okay, well, hey, so Aguefort, I'm so sorry, but it's four in the
morning out here. So what's going on? What's with this personal message to me?

Aguefort: I really fucked up, I'm so sorry, Kristen. [pained] I know, we had
that whole experience in heaven. I've kind of been going ham for a while. I
knocked out God and ran heaven for a bit.

Kristen: Yeah.

Aguefort: And then I did a spell where I grabbed the sun, I tried to topple a
government.

Kristen: Uh-huh.

Aguefort: Just kinda one-shot a government.

Kristen: Yep. Can't do that, turns out.

Aguefort: Can’t do that. It's actually, I got close. I think--

Kristen: Did you?

Aguefort: Well no, I think—

Kristen: Okay, there it is.

Aguefort: No, I didn't. They summoned up a lot of magic to try and stop me, I
got hit with some pretty powerful elven counter magic, and a lot of what I was
trying to do, just the force of magic itself didn't want that to keep
happening, you know?

Kristen: Yeah, got it.

Aguefort: Too big, 450 feet tall is too big.

(Lou laughs)

Kristen: Yeah, it's crazy.

Aguefort: No, just you're huge, you're just huge at that point.

Kristen: Mm-hmm.

Aguefort: I shit a lot of blood and I almost passed out.

Kristen: Wow.

Aguefort: Had to teleport back to Solace.

Kristen: Oh.

Aguefort: My sorta terracotta army fell apart.

(cast chuckling)

Kristen: Yeah.

Aguefort: Yeah.

Kristen: Hmm. [awkward pause] So what's up?

Aguefort: Jawbone wanted me to reach out.

Kristen: Oh, yes, great.

Aguefort: He's here, so I just set up a spell for him.

Kristen: Oh!

Aguefort: I'm probably gonna have to go to court, I'm in a lot of trouble.

Kristen: Ah, yeah, that sucks. Hey, so you said Jawbone's there, right?

Aguefort: Oh, yes, very good.

Kristen: No, I'm, yeah. That's--

Aguefort: I really stretched on this one, you know?

Kristen: Yeah.

Aguefort: That was some power, I grabbed the sun.

Kristen: Yeah.

Aguefort: They're gonna make me move the sun back to where it was.

Kristen: Oh, that's, yeah.

Aguefort: I'm gonna have to figure out how to do that.

Kristen: You have to move it back.

Aguefort: Yeah, it's not messing anything up too much right now, it's a little
bit north of where it should be.

Kristen: Oh.

Aguefort: But it's going in the right direction, it's still going around the
Earth, but in the far south of the globe, it's much more wintry than it should
be.

Kristen: Interesting.

Aguefort: And it's a lot more summery up here where, you know.

Kristen: Huh.

Aguefort: I fucked up.

Kristen: Wait, on this planet, the sun goes around the Earth?

(Brennan laughing)

Aguefort: Right, so, funny story. Actually, Spyre does go around the sun, so
when I was dragging the sun across the sky, I'm actually not, I need to figure
out kind of what I did.

Kristen: Oh, shit.

Aguefort: Yeah, 'cause again, it's sort of, that's a more poetic understanding
of how things really work, but I really fucked up. So I don't know, been going
pretty ham.

Kristen: Yeah.

Aguefort: When I was dead for a couple months, it kind of, it fucked me up.

Kristen: Mm. Me too, yeah. Meeting God, finding out that he was a frat boy,
that ruined my life.

Aguefort: Sorry about that.

Kristen: No, it's okay.

Aguefort: Here's Jawbone.

Kristen: Oh, great.

Brennan: And you see he stands up. You see he kinda puts his pockets over and
he, like, walks a little way away. Jawbone goes,

Jawbone: Hey there, Kristen. Arthur, we're gonna maybe need the room, bud.

Brennan: And you see Arthur says,

Aguefort: Huh? Yeah, yeah, I'm gonna go for a walk, I don't feel good.

Brennan: He walks out of the room.

Kristen: Is he gonna be okay?

Brennan: Jawbone looks and says,

Jawbone: Ah, he fucked up. You can't do that, you can't go do a one man war.

Kristen: Yeah.

(Lou laughs)

Jawbone: On a whole place, and get real big and grab the sun.

Kristen: Yeah, especially if you're about to get impeached. Okay, so, hey
Jawbone, I wanted to talk to you. So, I'm having problems with Tracker. I feel
like she got really mad at me about something that I didn't think was that big
of a deal, but then I just think that made her even more mad, that I wasn't
really listening to her.

Jawbone: Okay. Well what was the thing that you were--

Kristen: Well now, this is another whole element to it, 'cause it was
something about you, but I kinda want her to tell you. Is there a way to have
this conversation without me telling you what the specific thing was?

Brennan: You see he kinda smiles and says,

Jawbone: Well, Kristen, I gotta say, my interest is pretty piqued.

Kristen: Yeah, definitely.

Jawbone: But I'm not gonna make you say anything you don't wanna say, I'll try
to weigh in and be as helpful as I can without all the details.

Kristen: See, the next day, something scary happened and she was still mad at
me, and I said, "I thought you slept it off." And she didn't like that.

Jawbone: Okay. You guys were in a fight.

Kristen: Mm-hmm.

Jawbone: You feel like you can't say the right things, and you thought she
would just sleep it off?

Kristen: I thought maybe that would happen.

Jawbone: And you told her that.

Kristen: Yeah, I said it to her.

Jawbone: Huh. Well. Kristen, I think that the only mistake you can really make
in a relationship is treating the other person sort of like a means to an end
rather than kind of an end in themselves, does that make sense?

Kristen: That doesn't, yeah.

Jawbone: What is the thing you don't like about Tracker being mad at you?

Kristen: I guess she's like really distant, and she doesn't wanna, you know,
she's really upset with me. She keeps like, you know.

Jawbone: Mm-hmm.

Kristen: She's like unbelievable.

Jawbone: Yeah.

Kristen: But you know her so well, so I tried to pick some flowers, like so
cheesy, but something better than that, something like that to like--

Jawbone: Well, let me ask you a question. Try to answer as honestly as you
can. Did you pick flowers for Tracker because you wanted her to start being
nice to you again and to get over it?

Kristen: Mm-hmm, interesting, yeah.

Jawbone: That sound kinda true?

Kristen: Probably, yeah.

Jawbone: You know, this is hard, this level of enlightenment and awareness is
not something that everyone's just naturally good at, it's work and effort
what I would probably say is, people can sense when people are trying to
manipulate them to feel a certain way, and as unfortunate as it is, if you had
gotten her flowers because you actually were sad that she was sad, it would've
probably meant a very different thing than getting flowers to try and sweep
the problem under the rug.

Kristen: Hmm.

Jawbone: And I know it's hard because, look, when someone we love is mad at
us, we want to go into panic mode and we're defensive, and nobody likes to
feel wrong or like we did something bad. But to the best of your ability, if
you can honor Tracker's emotions for their own sake, you're gonna be a better
partner to her. Like, if your main concern when she's mad or upset is that
she's mad and upset and you wanna help address the thing that she has a
problem with, for her sake, that's gonna be better than coming from a place of
panic and just wanting to--

Kristen: Totally.

Jawbone: Just wanting to get her back to where she's the most fun for you.

Kristen: Totally, yeah, totally, yeah. Hmm.

Jawbone: Right? So why do you think Tracker was mad?

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, it's just--

Jawbone: 'Cause you gotta have that level of empathy. You gotta be able to
look at your partner and say--

Kristen: I think that's totally true, yeah. I think she was really upset about
something that I thought wasn't necessarily, it was more, I heard some
information that was very pertinent to her, and she was the last person I told
it to.

Jawbone: Oh, okay, I gotcha. Well, you know, people make mistakes. But I think
that you owe it to Tracker, if you wanna patch things up, to understand that
that's not her values. Now, you know, secret keeping is a hard, tricky thing.
There could be instances where it's important to keep a secret from your
partner, you know. Nothing's set in stone. But you know now about Tracker that
for her, having full transparency and trust between the two of you is
something that really matters to her.

Kristen: Definitely.

Jawbone: And maybe the thing to communicate is that you didn't know that
before and you do know that now. The one thing it wouldn't be fair to Tracker
to be mad about is for you to have not known something that isn't natural to
you. If you think keeping secrets from someone is not a big deal, that's not
your fault, that's just something that now you have to learn and grow and
evolve.

Kristen: Yeah, totally.

Jawbone: Right?

Kristen: Cool. Cool, well, thank you, Jawbone.

Jawbone: Appreciate it. How's spring break going? Adventure going good?

Kristen: Oh, it's great, yeah. All the guys are burned, and—

Jawbone: That sounds normal.

Kristen: Yeah, and we're just having a good time with all the elves who are
like silky.

(Murph laughs)

Jawbone: Elves kinda are silky.

Kristen: They are, everything about them.

Jawbone: I traveled around a lot, I met a lot of very silky elves.

Kristen: Yeah.

Jawbone: It's kinda the right word.

Murph: I have to pee too bad to listen to this conversation. [exits]

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see that Jawbone looks at you and goes,

Jawbone: Well, you know, kiddo, I think you and Tracker work really well
together.

Kristen: Mm-hmm.

Jawbone: And I love you--

Kristen: I have a question.

Jawbone: Yeah, sure, go for it.

Kristen: Are you the type of person who thinks like a secret should not be
kept from you, and it's a big issue?

Jawbone: In my opinion, hard and fast rules about behavior always tend to have
exceptions.

Kristen: True.

Jawbone: So keeping secrets, not keeping secrets, doing stuff, not doing
stuff, I think every situation, you just gotta make a call with your heart,
for the most part. What I will say is, I think it's usually pretty silly to
try and protect people from the truth.

Kristen: Hmm, mm-hmm.

Jawbone: I feel like more harm gets done from people not knowing than from
people knowing. In general.

Kristen: I think that's great. Okay, well, can you call me at this time
tomorrow again to talk really quick?

Jawbone: I'd be happy to, kiddo.

Kristen: Thanks so much, Jawbone.

Jawbone: Give my love to Tracker.

Kristen: I will.

Jawbone: Give my love to you.

Kristen: Hey. Thank you.

Jawbone: Love you, kiddo.

Kristen: I love you too.

Jawbone: And please give my love to Sandra Lynn too.

Kristen: [nodding] I sure will, I'm definitely gonna talk to her immediately.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: He nods, he says,

Jawbone: All right, take care, thanks for checking in, okay?

Kristen: Okay, of course, thank you. Bye, Jawbone.

Brennan: [tiny wolf noise] Little message vanishes. You go off to sleep. The
next morning, you all awake in Fallinel. Or except for Fabian, who has danced
through the night.

Lou: All night, all night. [sheetdances]

Emily: [laughs] All night.

Brennan: Incredible. As you dance through the night, sun rises and Telemaine
watches from the trees, and your grandfather begins to dance with you as the
dew assembles on the leaves.

Emily: I'll play little music for them to dance to.

Brennan: Great, on the bass?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Under the new (mumbles). Ayda is just completely passed out, she is
deep, deep sleep, you guys were up all night talking. Telemaine looks at you
and says,

Telemine: I danced for so many years in these glades and meadows with your
mother.

Fabian: I understand why now. I've never danced before. It feels so right. It
is who I am.

Telemine: It is, my grandson. To feel the movement of your body and the grass,
the leaves of the trees. You belong here, Fabian.

Fabian: Part of me does, Grandfather, of course. But I mean, I can't stay
here. I have to go with my friends. We have to defeat the Nightmare King.

Telemine: It is a cruel world beyond these shores. I would see such beautiful
children have to do stuff. You should not have to do stuff. You should instead
be ever in these meadows, eating grapes and dancing around, dancing around
forever.

Fabian: Maybe I'll come back one day.

Telemine: Please come back.

Fabian: And dance a little more.

Telemine: I only wish for you to dance ever a little more, my grandson. Eat
this. [grabs a flower and gives it to Fabian]

(cast laughing)

Gorgug: Don't, it's gross!

Fabian: Mm.

Murph: It's just a regular flower.

Fabian: It's very good.

Telemine: Thank you.

Brennan: He glides away. You guys assemble that morning, your party all
together. Ayda is still here with you, your hirelings are all here, and in the
morning as you come out of trance, Adaine, you open your eyes and you see a
very sick and shivering Aelwyn. It looks like she has not recovered.

[calm elven music]

Siobhan: Are there any kind of, like a hot spring or something that I can take
her down to and just get her cleaned up?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely. There are some elven healers who wash Aelwyn, and
you see—

Siobhan: I'm gonna stay by her side, I don't wanna leave her alone.

Brennan: You stay there, Telemine looks at you and says,

Telemine: We would be happy to keep your sister here, if you wish.

Adaine: It's up to her.

Brennan: You stay by her side. Her eyes flicker open. She looks at you and
goes,

Aelwyn: Adaine?

Adaine: Aelwyn.

Aelwyn: [barely audible] We're out of the tower.

Adaine: We're out of the tower.

Aelwyn: Did… did we escape or did we die?

Adaine: No, we escaped.

Aelwyn: Good.

Adaine: We're alive.

Aelwyn: I… I didn't really take care of you.

Adaine: No, but that's okay, I'm gonna take care of you now.

Brennan: She puts out a hand, and a very feeble shield surrounds you, and you
see she goes,

Aelwyn: [strained] I don't remember everything.

Adaine: That's okay. Don't worry about it. It's okay, you don't have to do
anything right now but get better.

Aelwyn: Okay.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check with advantage, be so kind.

Siobhan: 16? Yeah, 16.

Brennan: You see like a look of confusion or something in her eyes, and you
sense that like, she is having trouble navigating her own mind, that there's
something changed or different about her mind. There's something going on
within her thoughts that is confusing and upsetting.

Siobhan: Can I give her Boggy to hold?

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: And, hmm. Can I, as a ritual, cast Detect Magic on her?

Brennan: Yes, you can. You cast Detect Magic. As you cast Detect Magic on her,
there is a faint aura of enchantment magic somewhere around her, but it's deep
and well-hidden. You find it, only the faintest whisper of it. But there's
something going on in her mind.

Siobhan: Can I cast Detect Thoughts on her?

Brennan: You cast Detect Thoughts, start to move through her mind. The torture
has had a profound corrosive effect on Aelwyn's well-being, and her memory is
really warped and hurt. As you're casting Detect Thoughts and looking through
her, you see, it's almost like a vision to you. You're like walking through
her mind, and you see, it's like a city that's been like razed to the ground
or bombed out, and you see all of these walls and defenses and like
battlements, with like, magical arcane towers that have all like crumbled, and
you look at these like intense arcane defenses everywhere, and recognize like,
your sister's personality. Like, the horrible, mean, wicked, sarcastic, you
see the wreckage of that, and it is like the ringed walls of a great city. And
you're walking through this weird, vulnerable labyrinth of images, and most of
what you see is like, deep self-loathing, and a lot of the memories of self-
loathing, you see memories that you don't remember, from this perspective, of
you being like, scorned and chided and dismissed by your parents and actively
like cast aside into second place, and you see your sister there, and you
never remembered your sister doing anything heroic, interceding on your
behalf, doing anything, but what you see now in all these moments is Aelwyn's
loathing of herself for never saying anything, this natural like, abjurative
instinct, and overpowering, the thing that is more powerful than that self-
loathing is her fear of your parents. Of just not wanting to put herself in
front of them. And then of course that cowardice feeds directly back into the
self-loathing, which feeds back, back, back, over and over again, through as
many memories as exist throughout your childhood. A horrible acknowledgment
that she was the golden child, and as long as she never fucked up, she would
never have to face what you faced. In the center of this labyrinth, you find
an intense magical charm, and it's wrapped up, and it's all of Aelwyn's
abjurations mixed with that faint enchantment that you can see, and you get
the sense that in that orb, they had been searching for this over and over and
over again. And you see there's writing on the outside of this, and it says,

Aelwyn’s Thoughts: Despite all of the torment and tribulation, let this be
proof, I always knew there was only one person clever enough to find this.

Siobhan: I touch it.

Brennan:  Do you attempt to dispel this effect?

Siobhan: Will it work? Does it seem like it will work without dispelling her
own magic?

Brennan: It seems like you can trigger this with a dispelling action, and it
will do what Aelwyn intended it to do.

Siobhan: Then yes.

(booms)

Brennan: You are shunted out through the city. I'm going to describe something
very heartbreaking now.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Brennan: Aelwyn's mind returns. The version of her mind she saved before all
of this happened. You feel that your sister is no longer broken. The memory of
herself, the version of her mind, using that custom Modify Memory spell,
(whooshes) comes back, (whooshes), as you are now once again in your own body
standing next to her, and you see a very physically feeble Aelwyn go,

Aelwyn: [gripping her head and shouting] ...Adaine. [a smirk grows on her
face] Little sister.

Brennan: That's all for this week on Fantasy High.

Siobhan: [whispered] Fuck.

Ally: Get outta here!

Siobhan: [slams the table] Eat your goddamn dice, Brennan!

Brennan: I got my sugar dice right here.

Ally: Aww.

Brennan: Guys, that's all for this week on Fantasy High. Tune in next week, we
will see you guys then. Thank you as always for watching.

Siobhan: God dammit.

Lou: Chett, Chett.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 11: Revelations &
Revivifications](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRFPuQItsiadZYaCtE9ufwkyoOiz2YDEEQOTrVu1ADll9hlT9vaj6zodFP-3cStF85QBwTCdcd7St5f/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650539953723&usg=AOvVaw00v9OltxZIUClVZhEvSZ5w)]

* * *

Edited by: gluegunshots, Finley Sweets, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxyxLOFLBGEeh6eAt-S5y5IYSSaOUFhUU9UuTUBqMqf5lDrLmdFZTpumkH0P7ntEfT-H29ElRvN1SPZZ-A:0)

Episode 11: Revelations & Revivifications

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 11: Revelations & Revivifications

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTjx_VuWUARMCvF3Z3iuvWGq6a14ehLvSG9fICeFyXqtwzVJHbY-6O55u4BNT7QhH6OOhlyex6J_u62/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650543286571&usg=AOvVaw2bJjKZMKfIAouw8k2XVFAV)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSt_Z0e9A1GlCDuhZ8RcdUc5XAAOBtBOJvqudzEQo8z5p3JOQXWt7CRL-
xNPyA06uwyNPTiVxiKhpTg/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650543287039&usg=AOvVaw0Yd8vELVPjN_-
LnrKhDhYR)] >

Brennan: My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan, I'm your humble Dungeon Master. With
me as always, our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes!

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Except for one of our intrepid heroes, who's on the 101 right now!

(laughing)

Siobhan: Roast him!

Emily: He said he forgot about tonight.

Siobhan: Yeah, he was like, "Oh, is it Wednesday?"

Ally: He said he was microwaving a quesadilla and then was like, "Oh, I gotta
get there."

Siobhan: "Oh, the traffic in L.A.!"

Brennan: I guess for some people, you know, adventure's less important than,
you know--

Emily: Wow, wow.

(laughter)

Brennan: Yeah, exactly. Guys, this is Dimension 20 Live. Zac Oyama's gonna be
here any minute now. But, the show must go on! And so, here we are, back in
the world of Spire, following the Bad Kids, a group of teen adventurers from
the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, the world's premier high school for heroes.
We find ourselves midway through their spring break project to retrieve the
lost crown of the Nightmare King that has brought them to the elven nation of
Fallinel, after rescuing their party member, Adaine Abernant, and her former
villain in season one, sister, Aelwyn Abernant from Calethriel Tower, our
heroes have found themselves back in Kei Lumennura, the ancestral lands of
Fabian Seacaster's mother's side of the family, (laughing) a place where the
rowdy teens of Fallinel are banished until they get sad and wistful, as all
elves should be. We awaken the following morning with our various heroes.
We've had, Fig Faeth had a slumber party with party ally, Ayda Aguefort.

Ally: Aw.

Siobhan: Cute.

Brennan: Kristen Applebees's still in the doghouse.

Ally: Absolutely, yeah.

Brennan: Riz Gukgak and Gorgug Thistlespring kept a watchful eye over Fabian
Seacaster who danced all night long.

Murph: Danced the night away.

Lou starts waving his arms around in a beautiful dance.

Brennan: After a powerful discovery in his relationship to the elven magic of
dance, and a kiss with a fire elemental.

Emily: You are so loose.

Ally: Yeah, wow!

Lou: This is the dance, right? It's just loose.

Emily: You really are one of those--

Ally: Lou just drinks Mai Tais before the camera rolls.

Lou: Yeah, what's up, guys? This cup ain't full of water.

(laughing)

Brennan: And of course, Adaine and Aelwyn slept arm in arm. The last we truly
left off was a heartbreaking moment where our dear Adaine Abernant went into
the mind of her sister to find a charm, an enchantment locked away, bound in
Aelwyn's natural abjurative magic saying, "Despite all the torment and
tribulation, let this be proof I always knew there was just one person clever
enough to find this," and having dispelled it, Adaine reset Aelwyn's memory to
a version Aelwyn had created. Basically, at some point during her capture or
after you guys had defeated her in your freshman year, she created a backup
version of her mind far from where anyone but Adaine could find it, and after
all of the heartbreak that Adaine had found in her sister's mind, Aelwyn, as
you remember her from freshman year has had that version of her mind restored.

Siobhan: I couldn't have one nice day with my sister?

Brennan: [looking directly into the camera] No. No, you couldn't.

(laughing)

Siobhan: He's all the bad guys.

Brennan: I am all the bad guys. (laughing) We return now, and I wanna ask for
the rest of you who are waking up that morning, I guess we'll start with
Kristen and Fig. Fig, you awaken next to Ayda, who has naturally curled her
bird-like legs up against her chest. She gets extremely hot while she sleeps,
just kinda like an ember burning kind of sensation. Little trails of smoke
come out of her nostrils.

Ayda: (heavy breathing) (squawking) [jerks her head] Ah, I was unconscious.

Fig: No, I think you were asleep.

Ayda: Right, right. That's what I mean.

Fig: Right, same difference. Good caw.

Ayda: Thank you.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Now that we're awake, is the sleepover still happening or is that
considered concluded now?

Fig: You know what? I'm glad you asked. Let's keep the sleepover going
throughout the day.

Ayda: Okay, I don't fully understand, but I'm going to basically take your
lead and follow along.

Fig: Cool.

Ayda: Does this mean I have to remain in my night garb, or can I put on my
normal daytime clothes?

Fig: You know, the thing is, at a sleepover you could sleep in your daytime
clothes. So, sleepover, the wardrobe is kinda do as whatever feels right to
you.

Ayda: Okay, things rarely feel 100% right to me. I’m very self-critical.

Fig: You don't have any outfit that feels good to you?

Ayda: I have outfits that feel good to me, but I worry about whether other
people will like that. Does that make sense?

Fig: Okay, well first off, everything you're wearing everyone's been liking.

Ayda: Fantastic.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: God, what a huge success.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Good.

Fig: It's definitely been a success. So, you know what? I think you should go
out on a limb and put on something that you like that you think other people
won't like.

Brennan: You see, she just fully starts sweating and goes,

Ayda: And you would like that?

Fig: Okay. I mean, yes, I would like that, but don't do it 'cause of that.

Ayda: Okay, you've constructed a hellish riddle.

(laughing)

Ayda: Okay, I'm going to attempt to solve the dilemma you've put in front of
me, and I am going to go eat. I am hungry, so I am going to go get food.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: And, I'm not doing that 'cause I think you'll like that. I just need to
eat. Is that a success?

Fig: (laughing) Do you think it's a success?

Ayda: Okay, this is hell.

Brennan: (laughing) She walks out of the room. Kristen, you awaken in another
section of the Hangvan, waking back by yourself once again.

Ally: Yeah, I think-- You know, I've been in the doghouse for a long time, and
I would like to start taking steps to get out. So, I think I'm just gonna
kinda-- are the books that we got out of the vault in the van with us?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Ally: I'm just gonna kinda start reading those and seeing if I can find
anything helpful or interesting. I would like to maybe investigate those.

Brennan: Give me a Religion check.

Ally: Oh! That's advantage, baby.

Lou: That’s gonna be a Religion check!

Ally: Mmm! Mmm! You love to see it. That is a 22.

Brennan: 22.

Ally accidentally rolls a die over to Lou but they quickly wrangle it.

Ally: [to the die] Get away from there.

Lou: [waves the die away] Shoo shoo.

Brennan: Okay. So, your proactivity in the Compass Points Library, having
grabbed that pirate-esque Tomb Raider's Guide to a lot of stuff. The book you
took from Arianwen's research, so the book you grabbed when the tower was
about to collapse, which was the big religious text has a lot of seemingly
contradictory stuff, and the text you have now is a lot older. So, what you
find in this text cross-referenced to what you got from the Compass Points is
pretty damn intense. You find a religious text manufactured by high elven
clerics of Galicaea, who is the Goddess of the Moon, the same goddess that
Tracker worships, right? Obviously, Track-- [turns his head]

Zac skulks in behind Brennan.

Brennan: Oh!

[the cast collectively makes the “ooh” after someone gets called to the
principal’s/headmaster’s office]

Ally: Oh, look who it is!

Brennan: Okay!

Lou: How was that quesadilla?

Emily: Late to class!

Zac: Ooh, it was so melty.

Murph: That was pretty late to take a nap.

(laughing)

Zac: Yeah, well, I had my alarm set, but the quesadilla shorted out the--

(laughing)

Ally: Have you been listening live?

Zac: No.

(laughing)

Brennan: Incredible. Hey, it's live, baby. We live streamin'.

Zac: As you were saying, Tracker was--

Brennan: [laughs] Tracker is a cleric of Galicaea, as well, the Goddess of the
Moon. What you observe, or I guess what you glean from this book, is these are
an assembled number of texts and epistles from high elven clerics of the
Goddess of the Moon.

[gentle Skype ringtone starts playing]

Brennan: As they were basically keeping--

[gentle Skype ringtone persists]

Brennan: Sorry, one second.

[Emily laughs]

Ally: Are you being Skyped right now?

Brennan: I am being Skyped at this present moment.

Siobhan: I thought that was somebody’s phone but that’s you being Skyped!

Lou: This is live, baby!

Ally: That's right, baby. That’s right!

Siobhan: Brennan! Everybody's unprofessional today.

Zac: [pointing towards Brennan] This is the thing now, right?

[casts laughs]

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: So sorry. (laughing) Just going to--

Lou: Did you schedule an interview for this time?

Brennan: I'm so sorry.

Siobhan: Wow.

Brennan: I'm getting Skyped. Please, nobody Skype me.

Lou: Get Skyped.

Siobhan: Everybody who has Brennan's Skype, please Skype him right now.

Brennan: I get phone calls-- whatever way I get contacted, my computer makes a
million noises about it, and I can't make it stop.

Siobhan: Ta ta ta!

Brennan: So, what you find is that these high elven clerics have recorded a
number of texts and epistles from nearly a millennia ago, like roughly 850
years ago.

Ally: Whoa.

Brennan: Or, between 850 and 900 years ago, immediately following, during, and
around the time period of the last great Sylvan War, the time where all of the
tribes of Sylvaire, centaurs, treants, sprites, and wood elves were in combat.
The different similar references to gods of the tribes you find in these more
ancient texts appear to refer to a united goddess of Sylvaire that in these
texts are referred to almost as a younger sister of the Goddess of the Moon,
of Galicaea. You find no reference to the name of this goddess anywhere in the
text, but from what you can see, the unifying principles of this one sole
goddess of Sylvaire was that she was primarily a Goddess of Mystery, and as
you start to read about this there are literal references in these books to
what these high elven clerics call the Sylvairian Heresy, which is that a lot
of the gospel of this goddess, because she was a Goddess of Mystery, and sort
of mystery and also night and magic, sort of like the mysteries of nighttime
an the mysteries of the unknown and the mysteries of magic itself, but a lot
of her gospel and doctrine was about the idea of mystery and being praised or
worshiped through doubt, through a love of the unknown; and obviously the
moment that Kristen reads that, it's kind of an intense moment here.

Kristen: That's me. Praise through doubt? I can do that.

Brennan: There are texts within here that are epistles from these high elven
hierarchs that basically a lot of the motivation of the last Sylvan War was
religious differences between the tribes about what the correct way to worship
their shared Goddess of Mystery and the night was, and these high elven
clerics came in to broker a truce, and basically said, “You are committing a
heresy because your goddess has definitive facts about which there can be
disagreement," and it looks like these high elves, as a part of their clergy,
advised the tribes they were counseling through being a third party mediating
this truce, advised them to, through official doctrine and through basically a
combination of a council and a ritual act of divine magic, were basically
advising the tribes of Sylvaire to destroy their goddess's name, destroy your
goddess's name because the fact that she has a name is somehow a heresy
because she's a Goddess of Mystery and she shouldn't therefore have a name.
There shouldn't be things that are understood about her because any hard and
concrete facts about her would of course be a heresy. So, this sort of weird
logical, theological position, and you see that there are texts bound into the
tome that Arianwen had collected, which were not included in these original
tomes or doctrines that are ancient scrolls and messages from the clergy of
Fallinel at the time that seem to suggest that their advisement that the
tribes band together perform this ceremony and destroy or unmake-- they never
use the word “destroy”. They always are very careful to use kinder terms than
that. “Unmake”, right? “Release” or “free” or “liberate” the name of this
goddess in the correspondence between the clergy themselves and time. There is
some indication that this advice may not have been... in good faith on the
part of the high elven clergy, that there may have been an agreement between
the high elven clerics of Galicaea that this could be something they could do
to weaken the position of that other goddess and create a possibility for
their church to expand into Sylvaire.

Ally: Whoa.

Brennan: And, that is what you on a 22 Religion check--

Ally: Wow. Damn.

Brennan: Some really intense stuff.

Siobhan: Cool.

Brennan: Riz and Gorgug, you guys have dew on your body, the sun has come up
and you've kind of awakened and see Fabian--

Lou starts dancing again.

[Emily cracks up]

Brennan: In the morning light, just dance, dance, dancing away.

Gorgug: Right where we left him.

Murph: I wake up doing that nodding bearded dude meme, just looking at Fabian.
[nods]

Brennan: Just like-- [laughing] [nodding]

Riz: [nodding] Yeah.

Brennan: The Robert Redford.

Murph: Yeah, exactly.

Brennan: The one where he gave the quick nod. Yeah.

(laughing)

Riz: He's really doing it. I don't know what, but it.

Gorgug: Whatever he's doing, he believes in it.

Fabian: Good morning!

[Zac laughs]

Riz: He's back, baby.

[Zac and Murph laugh]

Gorgug: Good morning.

Brennan: Beautiful. Fabian, as you get your body experiencing a full-state
exhaustion euphoria from-- You just feel so connected to your body, so like
warm and alive and passionate, and as you look up at the dawn light and the
dew aligns across the grass, walking across the grass, the leaves, the grass
not even bending in approach of her footsteps, in her black on black kimono
with some chunky travel sunglasses and a huge purse is your mother.

Lou: What?

Brennan: Hallariel Seacaster.

Lou: I stop dancing.

Brennan: As you begin to stop, she drops her purse, removes her chunky
sunglasses, [squints her eyes] blearily at the sun, folds them, and goes,

Hallariel: Never on my account.

[Ally, Emily, and Lou laugh]

Brennan: And begins to [dances like Fabian] takes a huge sheet out of her
purse, begins to dance.

Gorgug: Are the sheets necessary?

Riz: I guess she brought them with her?

Gorgug: Okay.

Fabian: Mother, you always had a sheet?

Hallariel: I always did, and never knew.

Fabian: Okay.

Hallariel: I can't explain through words. I can only explain through the
dance.

Brennan: You see that Cathilda, who has gotten back into her trainers and gray
sweats, comes out full weeping, and she can't dance like you two can dance,
but she just does full sprints and then leaps [spreads his arms]

[Lou laughing]

Brennan: Around the edge of the meadow as you guys continue to dance, just
full weeping.

Emily: I gotta play music along with this.

(laughing)

Lou: We're having a party here.

Brennan: Fig comes out and--

Emily: Like some Explosions in the Sky, Friday Night Lights kinda music.

(laughing)

Emily: Really ambient.

Fig: This is more ambient than I usually do, just so everyone knows.

Riz: I didn't feel super comfortable with dancing like an elf, 'cause I don't
think I could pull it off, but I can do this.

Murph: I follow Cathilda and I freak out.

Brennan: Start freaking out along with your--

Murph: Real nerd kid, like really aggressive. [starts skanking]

(laughing)

Ally: Like you're running to lunch, like the bell just rang.

Murph: Yeah, just like the ska-- Just like a ska kid freaking out.

Fabian: Yes, The Ball. Feel it.

Riz: I feel it. I'm skanking. I'm skanking.

Fig: Get in there, Ayda. Get in there.

Fabian: Skank, The Ball. Skank.

Ally: I take out a— [they mimic playing a flute]

(laughing)

Brennan: Ayda goes in and just looks immediately, just,

Ayda: Dance? You want me to dance?

Fig: Yeah, get into it.

Brennan: She just starts rhythmically stamping her talons back and forth and
kind of, yknow,

Fig: Hell, yeah.

Brennan: And bobbing.

(laughing)

Zac: Gorgug picks up Riz and starts-- [imitates Lou’s arm waving]

(laughing)

Fabian: Yes! Yes! The dance is freeing us all.

Brennan: Telemaine comes out and has completely disrobed, except for a huge
ritual silk diaper.

Lou: What have I done?

Zac: Silk diaper?

Brennan: You know kinda like sumo where it's like made--

Murph: Yeah, yeah yeah yeah.

Brennan: It's not really a--

Siobhan: Yeah, you know.

Brennan: It's like silk ropes and bound and there's some spikes of fabric
coming off of it. He comes out and you see he has this huge moss-covered,
perfectly spherical stone and he's just doing contact juggling with it on his
naked body.

(Lou laughs and claps)

Ally: You're at Burning Man.

(laughing)

Lou: Full Burning Man.

Emily: Ooh, I got my wa-wa pedal going on my bass. [wa-was]

(laughing)

Brennan: He contact juggles it over to Hallariel. It becomes immediately clear
the way they're weeping in deep eye contact that they haven't spoken and she
hasn't returned in a long, long time. It's just a beautiful continuing dance,
and finally, as the sun rises, naturally it just fades into-- The dance quiets
and Hallariel and Telemaine end up on the ground and you see that Hallariel
invites you in the dance to come until the three of you, the three generations
of this family, your heads are all right next to each other, staring up into
the sky together as the clouds move. And, you see that Telemaine looks up and
goes,

Telemaine: [softly] That cloud looks like a song.

Brennan: And you see Hallariel in Elvish goes--

(Brennan’s phone ringing)

Brennan: You gotta be kidding me.

[cast laughs]

Lou: No!

Ally: Aquarius season.

Lou: Wow.

Siobhan: Whoaaa. Did she get a call?

Brennan: If there was a cell tower.

Lou: Is the song played on the marimba and just very--

Brennan: Marimba. She looks up and begins to describe, as well, what different
clouds look like with no formal greeting between her and her father, and after
a certain amount of time passes, Telemaine stands and says,

Telemaine: My daughter has returned. The feast shall be laid out in her honor.
That you have come here is the greatest honor in the past hundred hundred
years.

Brennan: And you see Hallariel looks over and goes,

Hallariel: [shaking her head] I was here 18 years ago. It's not been that
long.

Fabian: Because he has a weird thing about time. He'll say things are gonna
get done, like, tomorrow, but tomorrow is like 60 years.

Hallariel: [nodding and waving her hands] I'm glad you've gotten to spend some
time with your grandfather.

Fabian: He's fun.

Brennan: You see that Cathilda walks up and you see that Hallariel looks at
Cathilda, gives her a kiss on both cheeks, and looks at you, Fabian, and says,

Hallariel: I think I'm going to go on a walk with Cathilda and have a little
talk. You're welcome to come if you'd like, Fabian.

Fabian: I would like to.

Brennan: And, you guys go to walk throughout the grottoes and gardens together
and Hallariel just goes into detail, talking about different memories of
growing up here and just doing the things that a mom would do if she had taken
her son to where she grew up.

Fabian: Did you eat the grapes, mother?

Hallariel: So many grapes.

Fabian: Really?

Hallariel: Yes.

Fabian: I've never ate one. [clears throat] They just suppress how horny you
are? Is that really it? It it just, it brings--

Hallariel: Darling, Fabian. The grapes don't work.

Fabian: What?

Hallariel: They don't. They are supposed to suppress the innate horniness of
the youths here, and boy, let me tell you, it does not work.

Fabian: Oh.

Hallariel: I grew up here and basically, the adults were like, "The grapes are
definitely working.”

(laughing)

Hallariel: And, I can just promise you I, again, grew up here. I wasn't sent
here. I grew up here, and when I was 16, 17 here on the grounds of the grotto,
let me tell ya, a wild time.

Brennan: She touches your cheek.

Hallariel: A wild time.

Fabian: I can imagine.

Hallariel: Yes.

(Ally laughing)

Fabian: People seem very rowdy.

Hallariel: Yes, of course. It's a bad plan to take all the teens and put them
in a place with extremely few adults around. Telemaine, he's not-- My dad's
not checking up on these kids. He's wandering around, grabbing flowers, and
turning into sand. He's not-- It's a bad plan.

(laughing)

Hallariel: It's a bad plan for sure. Teens should, in an ideal world, if you
wanted to stop the nonsense, you would keep teens away from each other. Kinda
crazy to get all those hormones in the same spot, all cooped up like that.

Fabian: Yeah, sure. I don't think it's a bad thing that all the teens are
together.

Hallariel: No.

Fabian: Doing stuff.

Hallariel: No. Not at all.

Fabian: It's kinda like our school, but--

Hallariel: It's kind of like Aguefort. Exactly, darling. Yes.

Brennan: She continues to walk with you and we are going to cut over to the
hot springs right now where Adaine, you are gazing right now at your sister,
Aelwyn, who is still in her body, but is otherwise very possessed again of her
demeanor that you recognize.

[somber piano music]

Aelwyn: [taking in her surroundings] Oh, my. Well, we're in Fallinel. That
much is obvious.

Adaine: [quietly] Do you not remember?

Aelwyn: I'm afraid I remember everything up until I stashed my mind away where
those elves couldn't find it. But, I'm afraid the recent events, although I'm
not sure how recent the events are, is gone. I can assume because I am in this
nice hot tub and you just found what you found that I am not in immediate
danger of being killed by you. Is that a fair assessment?

Adaine: Depends on whether I'm about to be killed by you.

Brennan: You see that she sorta looks around and says,

Aelwyn: It doesn't seem like anyone's casting any spells. So, that's an
exciting development. Feel free to catch me up to speed, if you'd like.

Adaine: I need you to look. I need you to see. I need you to look in my mind
and see what happened to you.

Aelwyn: Ah. You wish for me to see a degree—

Brennan: And she looks at her hands, looks at her reflection in the water and
goes,

Aelwyn: Ah. I've been very badly tortured. Is that correct?

Adaine: I need you to know what they did to you so you don't go back to them.

Aelwyn: Back to who?

Adaine: To them, to our parents!

Aelwyn: Ah.

Adaine: What do you mean, "ah?"

Aelwyn: You should understand, Adaine, that our-- [frowns] All right. I am
obviously at a disadvantage in this conversation because there is a great deal
of information you have that I don't. So, before I look into your mind, why
don't you just briefly explain what the most urgent pieces of information are?
I assume you retrieved me from some sort of elven custody. Last thing I
remember was I was being broken out of prison in Elmville by elven agents.

Adaine: That was nine months ago. You've been kept awake and aware and unable
to do magic for that whole time.

Aelwyn: And—

Adaine: Our father was going to kill me, kill us, I don't know.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: 10.

Brennan: Gotcha. Aelwyn--

Emily: Do you have the Bardic Inspiration? Didn't I give you a Bardic
Inspiration you didn't use.

Siobhan: I used it.

Emily: Oh.

Brennan: Aelwyn looks at you, and as you begin saying that, her gaze kinda
wanders over. She says,

Aelwyn: Hmm. Adaine, our parents are not on the same side, the both of them.

Adaine: What?

Aelwyn: There is a great deal going on that I cannot explain right now.

Adaine: No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No.

Aelwyn: Point well made. No, no, no, no, no, no.

[Emily laughs]

Aelwyn: Your eloquence, as ever, is legendary.

Adaine: Excuse me for not being the most eloquent person in the world when—

Aelwyn: Well, I've apparently been tortured for nine months and I'm managing
quite well.

Adaine: Oh, please.

[cast laughs]

Siobhan: [laughing] I cast Ray of Sickness on her. I get throw up in the hot
tub.

Brennan: You cast Ray of Sickness on her? Hold on—

Siobhan: I don't. I don't have it stocked.

Brennan: Oh you don’t have-- Gotcha. You see she looks at you and says,

Aelwyn: All right. Anything that I can explain, I will try to. I'm still very
feeble and I want to understand the situation to the best of my ability. What
is most urgent for us to understand right now? Are we in danger of being found
by the elves that took me hostage? Are we—

Adaine: I think it's possible. I think that we should leave as soon as we can.
We're still in Fallinel, which means that we're under Fallinel law. It's
possible that our father is dead. I don't know. I wasn't really caring that
much. Rocks were falling. We needed to leave. He tried to kill me.

Aelwyn: Yes. [sighs]

Adaine: What side is everybody on? Why am I always that last person to find
anything out in our family?

Aelwyn: It's rather funny given that you are a diviner. You'd think you'd know
things.

Adaine: Oh, yes. All of the jokes about me being a diviner are very funny.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see that she says,

Aelwyn: Adaine, I can't explain why you're the last to find everything out,
but I think perhaps our parents wanted you to prove something to them before
they entrusted you with certain information, but that's neither here nor there
and a great deal has changed. You are-- I'm trying to think how to phrase
this. If nine months have passed, I'm sure that much has changed, and while
I'm very glad that I was able to protect my mind from the base crude
degradations of the Court of Stars and the elven government, I am a little bit
rattled and at a disadvantage. So! You have helped me. We are not currently in
the same violent throes that we found ourselves at Ostentatia’s little
shindig. You have saved me and I owe you at least a repayment for that favor
that you have done me.

Adaine: Well, yes. And also, the many times that you tried to kill me. If you
don't remember being tortured, I don't know— I— You're—

Aelwyn: I tried to kill you one time. Let's not expand it to dozens of times.
Let's not rewrite history.

Adaine: Well, and you kidnapped a bunch of girls.

Aelwyn: Were those girls you? That was you?

Adaine: Oh, I'm sorry. Does it make it less bad that it was not me?

Aelwyn: Oh, my goodness. Are the girls dead or are they all fine?

Adaine: Because we saved them.

Aelwyn: Yeah, I thought you were probably gonna do that.

Adaine: Oh, you thought we were probably going to do that?

Aelwyn: I thought you were probably—

Adaine: Yes, of course.

Aelwyn: Listen, you've met—

Adaine: You don't think I can do anything.

Aelwyn: Oh, pish posh. Okay. Clearly, I thought you could find the thing—
Look, I'm not gonna sit here and fall into your traps to give you more
compliments than I've already given you.

Adaine: I'm the one setting traps.

Aelwyn: You've met Goldenhoard, right? Did you really think that I thought
that that guy was, what, going to win?

Adaine: He was a dragon.

Aelwyn: [sarcastically] Oh, no. A dragon.

Adaine: He's a full dragon.

Aelwyn: They're so, what, big? Oh, my god.

Adaine: Yes, they're really big!

Aelwyn: He's so big. He might-- He's gonna burn things one at a time as he,
what, flies around?

Adaine: Oh, so you teamed up with him for what? For why?.

Aelwyn: Something of a lark. It's fun.

Siobhan: I cast Tasha's Hideous Laughter on her.

Brennan: She laughs a little bit too hard and fully passes out.

[Emily laughs]

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Sinks into the hot tub a little bit. You see that some of the elven
staff come over and pluck her, unconscious, out of the water and go,

Staff: [elf voice] Miss Abernant, elven oracle, oracle of people. Where should
we deposit your unconscious sister?

Adaine: Put her in the van.

Staff: All right. We shall put her in the van.

Adaine: Into the van.

Brennan: So, the rest of you guys are sort of going about your business. I
assume you guys meet back up. You've read this crazy stuff here, Fabian, up to
you if you wanna stay on the walk with your mom, and people, you wanna group
back up with people.

Emily: Can I just privately ask Telemaine a question?

Brennan: Sure. He's still in his ceremonial, sort of undercarriage cloth.

Emily: Okay. So, I keep my eye level up here.

Brennan: He has that, again, extremely fit, old man body. So, the skin is a
little bit looser, but there's a lot of visible muscles.

Emily is shaking her head with a slightly disgusted expression.

[Lou laughs]

Brennan: Very, just like--

Emily: I take out the gem that Gorthalax is in and I just wanna kinda secretly
show it to him and say,

Fig: I was wondering if you know a spell called Plane Shift?

Brennan: He extends his hand to the ruby, takes it, looks at it.

Telemaine: You're asking me if I know the secrets of walking between worlds.

Fig: Yes.

Telemaine: To tread the path beyond as lightly as the mighty deer treads the
path of the forest.

Fig: Stealing the words from my lips.

Telemaine: No.

Fig: Oh, fuck. Motherfucker! Are you fucking kidding me?

Emily: I snatch it back.

Brennan: He looks and says,

Telemaine: However, I am the lord of Kei Lumennura. If you were to allow me
time to study the gem, I could perhaps find a way to, while it was in my
sanctum, open a door from here to the space within the gem.

Fig: [sighs] You are a super nice man who takes a really long time doing
stuff. I think I'm gonna hope I run into someone who knows Plane Shift along
my way. Thank you for the offer though.

Telemaine: Okay. [thinks] I could just give it a once over, you know, for a
few days? Or years? What's shorter?

Fig: Okay. [laughing] I kinda live in the minute, but I'd settle for days.

Telemaine: Okay. Well, I can take a whack at it, and if you want to come get
it, then I'll just give it to you, and if I'm taking too long, I'll just stop.
But, it's up to you.

Fig: Okay. Give me a second to think about it, and before we leave I'll follow
up.

Telemaine: I will be out in the yard, juggling the stone.

Brennan waves his arms around.

[Siobhan and Ally crack up]

Fig: [unimpressed] You know how to do that, but you can't walk between worlds.

Telemaine: If the worlds were a stone ball and the paths were my arms, and my
feet could be up on my arms instead of my hands, then, you know, then that
would be something.

Fig: That would be something.

Brennan: Juggle, juggle, roll, off into the woods.

Emily: I pocket my dad.

[Ally and Brennan laugh]

Ally: Could I go find Aelwyn in the van really quick?

Brennan: Yeah, you find her in the van. She's unconscious.

Ally: Yeah, can I do a Cure Wounds on her and try to bring her back to
consciousness?

Brennan: Yeah. You can go for it. You cast Cure Wounds. It does appear to help
her injury somewhat, but she's probably just going through another trance or
long rest to get another level of exhaustion off.

Ally: Okay, cool. It can wait. Yeah, that's fine. I’m glad to give her some
hit points.

Siobhan: Here's what I would like to do to Aelwyn.

Brennan: Sure.

Siobhan: Talk about this for freaking divination. All right, first of all, I
would like to cast Detect Thoughts on her. She's asleep, so I wanna see what I
can find about our parents that she's maybe hiding from me.

Brennan: Cool, cool. She—

Siobhan: My spell save is 16.

Brennan: Mm-hmm. She saves against the spell as you attempt to cast it.

Siobhan: Okay. Then, I try again. [checks off another spell slot]

[Zac and Emily laugh]

Brennan: Okay, on the second one, she fails.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: She is unconscious, in trance, so her surface thoughts are not super
helpful. What do you begin to push through to?

Siobhan: I would like to find out about our mother.

Brennan: Hell, yes.

Siobhan: Because I have a pretty clear idea of what our dad was doing, or I
feel like I do.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: I imagine I'm standing there, too, right? Can I--

Brennan: Yeah, you--

Ally: I tell you what I found in this book that your mom was writing.

Siobhan: Oh, wow.

Ally: And about this potential younger sister of the Moon Goddess.

Adaine: Oh, I also have research from her. I'll look into that afterwards.

Kristen: Cool, yeah. That’s great.

Fig: Oh, I have a shard of the gem that brought the tower down.

Adaine: That's nice.

Kristen: Oh.

Adaine: That's pretty.

Kristen: It's pretty. It could be a necklace, it could be a brooch.

Fig: Interesting. I think I'll use it as a pick.

Adaine: Yeah, no, cool, yeah.

Kristen: Oh cool, that's very cool. That's very cool.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: All right, anyway. [to Adaine] What were you doing? I'm so sorry.

Adaine: What?

Kristen: Did I interrupt you?

Adaine: I'm really trying— This is a concentration spell.

Kristen: Oh, we can't say the goddess's name.

Adaine: Oh, okay.

Zac: I’m here as well.

Murph: Yeah. I also, I go over with Gorgug.

Zac: We’re here.

Riz: I just think it’s so great that—

Kristen: Hey!

Riz: Adaine and Aelwyn have been able to patch things up.

Gorgug: They’ve reconnected. Water under the bridge.

Riz: It makes me think, why did I kill Daybreak? He could’ve turned a corner.
Something to think about, perhaps.

Kristen: Oh! Yeah.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Kristen: What do you think Daybreak would be doing right now?

Riz: That’s a good question.

Fig: Are you kidding me?

Gorgug: Maybe trying to kill us.

Riz: Yeah, true.

Gorgug: So, you know.

Kristen: Yeah. [to Adaine] What were you saying?

Adaine: Shh!

Brennan: As you probe deeper into her thoughts, so the thing that is looming
largest in her mind right now, and the thing that your Insight check failed to
see, when she was looking away from you, over your shoulder, Kalina was
talking to her.

[Ally gasps]

Brennan: The Shadow Cat was directly over your shoulder, speaking to Aelwyn.

Ally: That's what I was gonna try to do! I was gonna try to have her look at
the photo and see if she saw the cat.

Brennan: And, Kalina was saying effectively, it is a very recent short-term
memory. Aelwyn's mind is-- sleeping is good because she doesn't know you're
casting a spell on her, but her thoughts are not as clear as they would be if
she was awake and listening to you. She's also in a weird-- She's unconscious,
but doesn't sleep. She trances, so it's like a weird, hazy, liminal space, but
you see Kalina basically saying,

Kalina: Don't keep looking at me. Look back to your sister. Your sister's
talking. Here's what you need to know. You've reset your mind and missed a
great deal of information. Your mother is working for me. She has the crown,
she's brought it to Sylvaire.

Brennan: She's like,

Kalina: Get away from your sister. We need to talk about what's happening.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Ally: Can I give you the help action?

Brennan: Yeah, if you want.

Siobhan: Great. 17. Oh, no, 18.

Brennan: Kalina is speaking to Aelwyn with an incredible amount of
familiarity, as though they have spoken before many times.

Siobhan: I can see Kalina in this memory?

Brennan: You can see Kalina in this memory.

Siobhan: Great. That's all the information I'm gonna get from this memory?

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: Great. I cast Scrying and she gets a 1 because I rolled a 1 [slams
the table] for my divination roll. Kalina rolled a nat 1 on my scrying. [to
the camera] We leveled up. I have Scrying now. I'm using my divination magic
for good. [slams the table] I get one of those 2’s back. Ooh, baby.

(laughing)

Siobhan: Magic!

Brennan: Everyone's ninth level now. Incredible. So, you peer into Aelwyn's
mind, see that she can see Kalina, see that Kalina's familiar with her. Kalina
tells her, “Your mother has the crown and is working for me.” You see that—

Siobhan: So, tell me where Kalina is right now, please.

Brennan: Here's what I’m gonna describe on that nat 1.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: So, you see Aelwyn doing— Sorry, you see that basically Aelwyn is
stretched out on the ground, unconscious, or in the van, unconscious. You see
Adaine pulls— You're in Fallinel, this elven oracle thing. Adaine's hair,
[whooshes] Miyazaki wind, eyes go brilliant white, and you just do this double
dip into a Detect Thoughts, straight into a powerful Scrying. I'm gonna
describe what you see—

Ally: Sick. Sick!

Brennan: With Scrying now.

[Murph laughs]

Brennan: You are so deeply confused by the Scrying you get back. You had heard
that Kalina was difficult to scry on, but you are literally using your elven
oracular ability to reach out and say, "This time, it works." Fate itself is
in your hands. You are in a small village in the Red Waste. There is an orcish
man with a long scimitar walking along with a dark cloak. A second later, you
are looking at a light blue robed elven individual in a council meeting with a
picture of Arthur Aguefort. A moment later, there is a wood elf ranger walking
with a wolf animal companion next to the border of Sylvaire. Less than a
fraction of a second later, you see that there is another high elf who is just
in a tavern, enjoying a breakfast in a port city on the edge of Fallinel. A
moment later, you see that there is an enormous beast that has claw marks and
wounds on it, walking through some weird, nasty, dark, tangled, evil-looking
forest. Bam, [snaps repeatedly] flash, flash, flash, flash, flash, flash. You
see images of all these people who are not Kalina over and over and over and
over. And after a moment, you see it goes [snaps] Riz, Tracker, Sandra Lynn,
Kristen looking, and you see you're scrying on Kristen and when it gets to
Kristen, it stops. Kristen, where are you looking right now?

Ally: At Adaine.

Brennan: You see—

Ally: Fuck.

Siobhan: What the fuck? (laughing)

Brennan: You flash to a horrifying, dark, tangled forest. You see that there
is a wood elf covered in open claw wounds that look like they've been
festering for 100 years. Their eyes are covered in puss and gore. They look
not zombified in that romantic way. It's almost like a biological-- They look
like alive, but covered in open sores and festering things. They are covered
partially in vines, like they've been sitting, resting against a tree for like
100 years, and you see there is a vine in their mouth that is dripping blood,
like sap, from the vine, into their mouth. The vines retract from your
Scrying. You see that this elf stands up, grabs a old, ancient, knotted spear
and begins to scratch something into the ground that from your Scrying sensor
is obscured by their old, tattered cloak. They turn to look and look directly
into your sensor, and what they have scratched into the ground, in Elvish,
says, "Hello, Adaine. Glad you could join me."

Adaine: Who are you—? They— Can they hear— They can't— Can you see me? Who are
you?

Brennan: The moment after you see that, your scrying moves back to Kristen.

Ally: And so, you see yourself?

Brennan: So, you're scrying on Kalina and you're seeing Kristen, and you're
seeing yourself say those things.

Kristen: What?

Riz: What are you talking about?

(calm music)

Adaine: But, I'm still Scrying and I see Kristen.

Brennan: Yeah.

Kristen: So, she's here.

Zac: Gorgug’s gonna start punching around its head.

(laughing)

(Ally shouts)

Brennan: I'm gonna say that the Scrying spell comes to an end—

Siobhan: Can I see the picture?

Murph: Can we see the picture now?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: You look at the picture and cannot see Kalina.

Adaine: No, I can't see it, but I know what she looks like.

Gorgug: Hmm.

Riz: Say—

Gorgug: Do you really—

Riz: Say, "Kalina."

Adaine: Kalina.

Murph: Can she see the picture now?

Brennan: No. The only time you've seen Kalina was in Aelwyn's memory of
Kalina.

Ally: So, does that mean that I have seen Kalina?

Siobhan: Can I do Detect Magic on Kristen?

Brennan: You cast Detect Magic. Give me an Arcana check.

Ally: Can I give the help on checking me out?

Siobhan: Oh, thank goodness you did, 'cause the other one was a two. That's a
27.

Brennan: Okay. You're casting Arcana on Kristen. There are no active spells on
Kristen. There are no enchantments, there are no—

Zac: Is there-- Am I caught up to speed?

Murph: Are we sharing all this stuff?

Brennan: I'm gonna ask that you guys come back together.

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: Are you sharing this?

Adaine: Yeah, I Scried for Kalina and I saw all of these different people, and
I saw—

Kristen: Can we Message this? Sorry.

Riz: You saw me?

Zac: We're just in the same spot now, right?

Riz: And Kristen?

Adaine: I saw you, and I saw Sandra Lynn, and I saw your mom, and I saw
Kristen, and Tracker, all the people that can see Kalina.

Fig: Did you see me?

Kristen: And, Sandra Lynn.

Adaine: Sandra Lynn.

Riz: And you saw a wood elf?

Adaine: And a wood elf.

Riz: In the forest.

Adaine: Who said, "Hello, Adaine. Thank you for joining me, or something."

Zac: Do I know where the elf is that Ragh hooked up with?

Brennan: You can go find Fathethriel.

Zac: I go look for-- I'll see if we can get Fathethriel to come over.

Brennan: You go over to a little orchard, you see that Ragh is sitting there
just very stoically and you see that Fathethriel is lounging next to Ragh and
slowly feeding him one grape at a time. Ragh's like,

Ragh: Good. These grapes are good. [eyes widen] Gorgug, what's up, dude? Do
you need me?

Gorgug: Yeah, but also—

Ragh: I gotta go, dude.

Brennan: And he, just within his—

Zac: If I could've taken the picture with me, can that elf see?

Brennan: You see Fathethriel looks and goes,

Fathethriel: Ah. It is a very small painting of a goblin and a tabaxi woman.

Gorgug: I think it's passed by touch or something. It's like a disease.

Fig: Kristen, touch me.

Kristen: What?

Gorgug: It's like Tracker gave it to you.

Kristen: How?

Gorgug tilts his head and makes an “implying something” face.

Brennan: Tracker looks at you and goes—

Tracker holds her hand up and just looks at Kristen.

Kristen: Yeah, but how did Sandra Lynn give it to you?

Gorgug: She maybe didn't, or did she?

Riz: It could be a love thing or something because it could be like betrayal
or something.

Kristen: Well, there's been a lot of fighting going on. Is it through
disagreement or something? We got in a fight.

Gorgug: Couldn't Garthy see it after Sandra Lynn?

Riz: So, Garthy was involved in the affair. That involves you, that involves
Tracker.

Gorgug: But, Sandra Lynn could already see it too.

Riz: Sandra Lynn...

Kristen: So Sandra Lynn was a carrier into this whole group?

Riz: I had already, I could see it too.

Kristen: Oh, yeah.

Fabian: You can see it. Fig, you can't see it?

Gorgug: Spit in this cup.

Fig: It probably shouldn't be love because I hope my mom loves me.

Riz: No, I think it's betrayal or something.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: I love you, sweetie.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: Look.

Brennan: And you see, she's like,

Sandra Lynn: I guess everyone knows that I... slept with Garthy.

Brennan: Gilear goes,

Gilear: Well, well, well.

[Murph laughs]

Fig: Gilear, can you see it now? Can you see it?

Riz: Gilear, how does that feel? [holds the photo out]

Gilear: Looks like--

Brennan: Gilear looks at it and says,

Gilear: I think we all know I can't see anything.

Riz: Come on, Gilear.

Fig: I'm with you, Gilear. I guess I got your--

Fabian: So, it's perhaps a sexual thing? Perhaps a betrayal thing?

Fig: My mom did betray Gilear.

Brennan: Tracker looks and said,

Tracker: I did not sleep with—

Brennan: And, you see that Tracker looks over at Sandra Lynn and says,

Tracker: I didn't sleep with Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks over and says,

Sandra Lynn: Is there any other time that we could've exchanged—

Adaine: Yeah, didn't you do that weird heal on her?

Brennan: You see Tracker looks over and goes—

Fabian: Oh, blood.

Tracker: I did.

Murph: Yes.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn nods and says,

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, you did the Life Transference stuff.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: And, you see that Tracker holds her head and goes,

Tracker: Oh, my god. I got you sick with an STD?

Kristen: It's okay.

Ally: I put my hand on her shoulder.

Kristen: It's fine.

Fig: I see— for those of us who can't see it—

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: It's not an STD. It's communicated through blood, as well. I
didn't—

Riz: A lot of us have it and some of us are born with it.

Fig: Also, those of us who can't see it wish we could see it, so it's kind of
a cool thing.

Fabian: So, if I drink somebody's blood, I can see it?

Fig: I'll drink blood.

Adaine: But I think that—

Fabian: I'm down, as well.

Riz: I think that might mean Kalina can see through us.

Kristen: Yes. Yes.

Adaine: That's what I think.

Gorgug: Oh, yeah.

Riz: So, we've been working under the assumption that maybe the Nightmare King
and this god with no name are the same person. I think it's possible that you
saw the Nightmare King in the forest and Kalina is the god with no name.

Adaine: I think so too.

Riz: And is trying to get the crown.

Kristen: Oh, yes!

Riz: And the Nightmare King and Kalina are actually against each other.

Kristen: Yes!

Gorgug: Are you saying the Goddess of Mystery is the Nightmare King?

Riz: Is Kalina.

Adaine: Kalina's the Goddess of Mystery.

Kristen: But, that would make a lot of sense because she's so fucking
secretive.

Fig: But why would you Scry—

Riz: Because she doesn't have a name, she doesn't apply by the rules. So, she
doesn't have--

Adaine: Wait, hang on a second.

Fig: Not having a name is a power.

Adaine: I think there's research here from my mom, but if she's working with
Kalina, she would already know it. So, why don't we do—

Riz: But, she might be-- I thought your sister said she was working with the
Nightmare King. Or, is she working with Kalina.

Adaine: No, she’s working with Kalina.

Kristen: No, she has the-- We just know she has the crown.

Adaine: She has the crown.

Kristen: We don't know who she's bringing it to.

Riz: Okay.

Brennan: You see that Cathilda speaks up and says,

Cathilda: You were saying something about the research you got from your mom's
place. It seems like there's a trove of information from Calethriel Tower. If
just from the book that Kristen read, we find as much as we did.

Brennan: You see that Telemaine somersaults up with the stone and goes—

[Lou laughs]

Telemaine: There are many rooms within Kei Lumennura where some might--

Brennan: Oh, sorry, yeah?

Man: We went offline real quick.

Brennan: Okay. No worries.

Ally: Shit.

Brennan: Ask chat, if you can, where we left off.

Zac: It felt like that was the path it took, the blood.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: To go who saw it last.

Ally: What do you mean?

Zac: In the scrying.

Ally: It did seem like that, yeah. It was Riz first, right?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Then, Kalina. I mean, I'm sorry, Riz first, then Sandra Lynn.

Siobhan: But Sandra Lynn and Riz's mom—

Emily: Sandra Lynn could always see it though, right?

Siobhan: —could always see it.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: We're good. In the chat, please tell me the last thing that happened
before we went out. I don't want you guys to miss anything.

Zac: We solved it!

Brennan: Hold on.

Lou: We figured it out.

Zac: We figured it out in the in-between.

Brennan: Yeah, hold on.

Lou: I'm the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: What?

Brennan: It says something Adaine was saying. Riz made the connection. I got
this research from-- Okay. “My mother's research was the last thing.”

Adaine: Yes, I got my mother's research. We should look into that.

Siobhan: Can I— I wanna message Fig.

Fig: Hey.

Adaine: There are some things I feel like we should not say in front of the
people who are infected.

Fig: Okay.

Adaine: So, just some of these plans around Kalina, I think that should just
be the four of us that can't see it.

Kristen: You're Messaging her.

Fabian: Yes. We're gonna do some investigation ourselves.

Kristen: No, you don't have to tell me. So, should those of us who are
infected just blindfold ourselves if she's looking through our eyes?

Riz: I mean, it's up to you guys. If we think she's the nameless god, then she
is a god. I don't know how sneaky we can be. She has some weakness, or else
she'd just come and kill us right now.

Fig: Well, she has a name, it's just been destroyed. We just have to find the
name.

Ally: Can I look through all of this bulk research and writings and stuff that
we got and look for Kalina or Shadow Cat or any of these names?

Siobhan: Yeah. Can I go through the stuff that I had and use Bogey to cover
us?

Brennan: You guys have a tremendous amount of stuff, especially what you
gained here. If you guys wanna go comb through your stuff, cross-reference and
get all this new data, Telemaine says there's research and study halls in Kei
Lumennura. You guys are welcome to go and take whatever books he has there.

Adaine: I'm worried that the elves are gonna come after us, since we're still
in Fallinel.

Brennan: Ayda speaks up and says,

Ayda: If need be, I can bring us back to the Compass Points.

Adaine: I would love that.

Kristen: I would prefer that.

Fig: Yeah, let's do it.

Kristen: Oh! Um—

Gorgug: Do you—

Kristen: Sorry.

Gorgug: Oh, sorry. Are you—

Riz: We could also teleport away if things go bad, right?

Adaine: Well, Ayda's the one with Teleport.

Riz: Right.

Adaine: So, yes. If we are with Ayda, yes.

Ally: I'd love to talk to Tracker really quick.

Brennan: Cool. Tracker looks up and goes,

Tracker: Hey.

Kristen: Hey. Whoa. Scary, right?

Tracker: Yeah, very scary.

Kristen: So, I actually learned a spell so that you don't have to keep doing
your Moon Haven. I learned this spell called Hallow and I can cast it on the
van, and it's permanent. It's like a permanent Moon Haven.

Brennan: Awesome. Go ahead, and if you'd be so kind, give me a persuasion roll
with advantage.

Emily: Can I, as I see Kristen going to talk to Tracker--

Brennan: Tracker.

Emily: I'm gonna wink at her.

Brennan: Give a little wink for Bardic Inspiration. You've got it.

Fig: You've got this, Kristen. You've got this.

Lou and Murph observe the roll.

Lou: Okay, okay.

Murph: Jeez.

Ally: I'm gonna need that Bardic. Was that a d8?

Emily: D8.

Seeing the d8 roll, Murph covers his face and Lou turns away.

Murph: Poor Kristen.

Ally: Persuasion. Oh, no. We're okay. Everyone, calm down. It's a 15.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Oh, hey. Okay.

Lou: Oh. Oh, yeah.

Brennan: You see that she looks over to you and says,

Tracker: Awesome. Yeah. If you wanna collab on—

Kristen: Yeah, that'd be great. It takes 24 hours to cast. So, I just need to
stay up for that long, but it should be—

Tracker: Do we wanna head back to Leviathan, and then—

Kristen: Yeah, what do you think? That sounds like a good plan.

Tracker: It seemed like people kinda wanna jet out of here.

Kristen: Totally.

Tracker: So, maybe we--

Kristen: Yeah.

Gorgug: Dude, this place--

Zac: I look at Telemaine if he's nearby.

Gorgug: It's great here.

Telemaine: Are you guys gonna use the research halls? We put out some sort of
very cool citrus water. There's a fruit that grows here that tastes almost
like nothing.

Riz: Oh. Do you have any books that we could borrow? It would be for a very
short amount of time, relatively. But a second, really.

[Ally laughs]

Telemaine: If it's only for a second, you may have every single book I know
about.

(laughing)

Emily: Just start packing them up.

Murph: I go and I just put as many as I can into the Briefcase of Holding.

Emily: Also, I wanna specifically search for if there's any books about the
rock and roll concert where everyone got pregnant.

Brennan: Cool. You guys immediately go to this dude's library

Murph: Oh no.

Brennan: And what you see is hundreds of elven scrolls about centering
yourself, finding healing calm, and just general oneness.

Emily: Nothing about immaculate conception via rock music?

Brennan: There is not a goddamn useful book in this guy's whole library.

Siobhan: I'll take some of these meditation things. Those sound useful to me.

Ally: [laughs] Maybe can Tracker help me track down these herbs and incense
and oils and stuff that I have to like—

Brennan: Yes. Believe me, they got plenty of oils, aromatic oils at Kei
Lumennura. You better believe they got those.

Ally: Love it. And, I feel like I'm talking to her about her god, Gali—

Brennan: Galicaea, yeah.

Ally: Yeah. About how this might be her sister and just trying to hear more
about her god.

Brennan: Do you mention the parts to Tracker about the--

Ally: [very serious] I mention everything to Tracker from now on immediately.

(laughing)

Ally: I message Tracker the minute I take a shit.

[Brennan and Emily laugh]

Zac: She's gotta know.

Ally: She's gotta know, okay? I'm not gonna do that again.

Emily: Well behaved.

Ally: I'll tell her the sister thing.

Brennan: Cool. You fully divulge everything. Tracker kinda nods, and I'm gonna
run a little Insight check for Tracker. You see Tracker recognize how forward
you're being, and nod. She is obviously very offput by the seemingly messed up
things that the church of Galicaea did. Obviously, she's like a human werewolf
that doesn't feel necessarily responsible for the things the elven church did,
but it's the same goddess, even if it's a different denomination. So, she's in
a kinda trippy place about it.

Kristen: I hear ya.

Brennan: She's like,

Tracker: Yeah. I don't know. It's fucked up when the servants of your god have
misappropriated the teachings of your deity.

Kristen: Yeah, totally.

Tracker: This is maybe messed up to say, but I never really got... You've been
through a lot of shit.

Kristen: Yep.

Tracker: It doesn't feel good. Yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, there's a lot of horrifying things I needed to confront about
Helioic traditions, and just things my parents said day to day. Yeah. I had to
shed a lot of that.

Brennan: Tracker looks over to you and says,

Tracker: Thank you for telling me all this, and I'm gonna help research as
much as I can, and I'm really sorry I got you sick.

Kristen: [shrugs] I enjoyed it.

(Ally laughing)

(calm music)

Brennan: You see she smiles. She smiles, leans over, and just lightly touches
her head to your head, and looks up and says,

Tracker: I know we're about to leave. I'm gonna go talk to Sandra Lynn. I get
mad, and part of that is my lycanthropy and part of it is just who I am. My
faith puts me in touch with my emotions. Me being upset with you is never ever
about me not loving you with my whole heart, 'cause I do.

Kristen: I love you, too.

Tracker: [sighs] I’m gonna—

Kristen: Do you—

Tracker: Yeah.

Kristen: Sorry.

Tracker: No, no. I'm gonna go talk to Sandra Lynn.

Kristen: Okay, cool. Is there any way for you to find out if your god has a
sister? I'm not super versed in your religion, but...

Tracker: Yeah. I will—

Kristen: [leans forward] [speaking out of her mouth, mildly suggestively] Does
she have a sister? [laughs] I'm just kidding. I’m just kidding.

Tracker: [laughs] Easy. Come on. We just got back on the— [laughs]

[Lou laughs]

Emily: Kristen, you're the best.

Tracker: God, you're hot. Alright.

Kristen: [deeper voice] Back atcha.

Tracker: We gotta still-- Okay, I'm gonna go. [sighs]

Zac: [imitating Ally] “Back atcha!”

Ally: Only spoken with your throat. [guttural] “Back atcha!”

Zac falls forward laughing.

Kristen: Cool.

Brennan: She looks and says,

Tracker: We'll figure it out and we'll figure it out together.

Kristen: Yeah.

Brennan: She walks off. Cool. For the rest of you, what is the conversation we
were having about potentially getting out of here and going back to the
Compass Points?

Riz: I guess I wanna talk about whether or not you guys want us to know
everything. I will say, point for us—

Siobhan: I'm gonna say,

Adaine: Yeah, we want you to know everything.

Siobhan: I Message Fig,

Adaine: We definitely don't want them to know everything.

Riz: They're gonna know--

Gorgug: Of course we want you to know.

Riz: She's gonna know. Just tell us to leave, I guess, because she's gonna
know where we're coming. She'll know where we are. If you wanna kill her and
you think that we jeopardize it, then we should leave.

Fig: Truthfully.

Emily: And I'm saying this right to you, 'cause I know she's watching.

Fig: I don't know enough about you to know if I even wanna kill you.

Riz: [confused] Me?

Fig: I'm talking to her.

Riz: Okay, well that feels weird.

Kristen: That's scary. [touches Riz’s shoulder] Hey man, I'm sorry. I was
right there with you, actually. I was like, maybe she's gonna kill you.

Fabian: I mean, The Ball and Kristen, we're like, you know. It's not like
they've gotten some big up on us before, I don't know. It feels like what are
we gonna do? Just the four of us are gonna handle it and they're gonna show
up?

Fig: Yeah, we're not gonna do that. We're not gonna do that.

Adaine: We also don’t know, is she looking through your eyes at all times, or
can she just dip in when she feels like it?

Riz: And also, there's a reason she wants to be a secret.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Riz: And by talking about it and by—

Gorgug: I kinda wanna be able to see her.

Riz: Finding out the truth.

Fig: I know. Me, too!

Gorgug: In case she’s behind me or something.

Fabian: Let's all drink the blood.

Fig: I wanna drink the blood. I feel deeply left out.

Adaine: That’s wild. That is a wild—

Riz: I don’t really know--

Fabian: There was a real--

Riz: I think--

Fabian: There was a real moment where I shoulda cut Riz and sucked—

[Murph laughs]

Fig: I feel deeply left out. You guys are all special and I'm nothing.

Gorgug: Riz? [turns to Riz expectantly]

[Siobhan laughs]

Fabian: Whoa, whoa.

Emily: I drink blood. [laughs]

Riz: There’s a happy middle.

Adaine: Where did you get that blood?

Riz: There’s a happy middle.

Adaine: Who’s blood is that?

Zac: [pretends to throw back a drink] Gatorade.

Emily: Gatorade and blood.

Gorgug: What's the happy middle?

Riz: That we all just stick together and try to figure out who Kalina is.

Fig: Yeah, I definitely wanna stick together.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: Yeah.

Adaine: I also wanna say I think that we need to keep our guard on Aelwyn
because I think that she's gonna try and escape us.

Emily: Oh, shit.

Kristen: Yeah. How do we do that? What do we--

Adaine: I don't know.

Kristen: Do we have Hold Person?

Fig: I'm a German Shepherd. I can just keep watch. I'll be her bouncer, or
reverse bouncer. She can't get out.

Kristen: Should I— Do you think this Hallow spell, casting it on the van will
protect us from [turns to Riz] this god who can see through us? I feel like
no.

Riz: Maybe.

Kristen: All right.

Fabian: I mean, the Moon Haven seemed to do something, so.

Riz: That's not a bad idea.

Kristen: Yeah, I'll cast Hallow—

Brennan: Sandra Lynn points to Fabian and says,

Sandra Lynn: It clearly worked enough that she had to press Riz for
information back at the Gold Gardens.

Riz: Right.

Ally: Okay. Yeah, then I can cast a Hallow within a day, and I can give us all
courage so we can't be frightened while in the van.

Murph: Cool.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: If I take a long rest, I can get different spells that can... I have
Web and I have Snare, so I can--

Ally: Hold Aelwyn.

Siobhan: Yeah. It's not perfect, but I can't do it yet though 'cause I don't
have them stocked.

Riz: Why don't we hang onto her spellbook. You have it, right?

(gasping)

Adaine: Yeah, we should do that.

Kristen: Great.

Brennan: Well, whose spellbook? Sorry.

Ally: Aelwyn.

Siobhan: Aelwyn's spellbook.

Brennan: Aelwyn's spellbook. Gotcha. Yes, yes, yes.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: I think Gorgug—

Siobhan: Maybe I'll give it to Gorgug because I feel like--

Gorgug: [flips through it] Finally.

Adaine: Read up.

Brennan: Ayda looks at you and says,

Ayda: I was pretty clear about you not doing that, but also I'm not the boss
of you.

Gorgug: Oh, right. [closes the book]

Kristen: Okay.

Fig: Ayda, why don't you want him to look at it?

Ayda: His mind is a perfectly clear pool, undisturbed by ripple. I fear that
the introduction of information into his mind would corrupt it.

Gorgug: [still holding onto the book] You guys remember how I thought of the
time that Ragh and that other guy fucked?

Riz: Uh-huh.

Gorgug: I'm pretty smart.

Kristen: Oh.

Brennan: [laughs] You see Ragh shrugs as well.

Kristen: Yeah, definitely.

Siobhan pats Zac’s shoulder.

Gorgug: Yeah, I noticed that stuff.

Fig: Yeah, I don't think-- I don't think that would corrupt him.

Brennan: So, Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: All right, so the plan is to get back to Leviathan?

Riz: Yeah.

Sandra Lynn: If we're gonna do that, let's do that right now so Kristen can
get-- Her spell takes 24 hours to do, so we should get on it.

Kristen: Yeah. I have another idea too though we can start working on. I can
make a Glyph of Warding with the spell stocked in it. So, if we wanna make a
decoy spellbook of Aelwyn's, put this glyph on the front so that when she runs
to grab it, a web can come out and-- just have some booby traps.

Emily and Siobhan go through their spell cards.

Adaine: I don't know if I can make a fake... I don't think I have anything
that can make a fake-looking book. I don't have--

Kristen: We have 24 hours. If you guys just wanna--

Fig: Why don't we just do one.

Kristen: Cut and paste.

(laughing)

Fabian: Hey, everyone. My mom showed up here today.

Gorgug: Do you want a minute?

Fabian: Yeah, can I get just like a cool 15?

Adaine: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Fabian: Okay, cool.

Kristen: Or bring her with us to the Compass Points.

Fabian: She just got here.

Kristen: Oh yeah, travel, yeah yeah yeah.

Fabian: And I feel like there's gonna be a dad thing.

Fig: That's fair.

Zac: I'm just gonna go upstairs and try to start working on the Hangman.

Brennan: On the Hangman?

Zac: Yes.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: I also have Mending. I can come and help you.

Zac: Got it.

Brennan: Awesome. So, putting all this together, 'cause people are going in a
lot of different directions right now, you guys go up and start working on the
Hangman. What is... Ayda says,

Ayda: Should we teleport back to Leviathan?

Brennan: No, you need a minute, so you're gonna go do that.

Fabian: I need a cool 15.

Brennan: Fabian’s gonna go. What is Riz doing?

Murph: I guess I'd like to read up and find out--

Ally: Awesome.

Brennan: Cool. You grab some stuff and start this new investigation. Kristen,
you're not gonna cast anything yet. You're gonna go to--

Ally: We're just collecting--

Brennan: Oh, you're getting incenses.

Ally: It needs kind of a lot of stuff.

Brennan: Incenses, oils, stuff like that. What is Fig up to?

Emily: I guess I'm just noodling on my guitar.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Can you guard Aelwyn?

Emily: Oh, wait. That's what I'm doing!

[Ally laughs]

Emily: I am fully--

Ally: I’m making a quesadilla.

Zac smiles.

Emily: “I'm making a quesadilla. I'll be late.” [nudges Zac] I'm guarding over
Aelwyn.

Ally: It's canon. I'm sorry.

Emily: I'm guarding over Aelwyn, just ready to tackle her, do some spells,
disguise myself as her, pretend to be a mirror. Who knows?

Brennan: Cool. You are there.

Murph: Very excited for this buddy comedy to come out.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: Fabian, you are walking off with your mom and Cathilda, and Telemaine
is with you, as well. So, you see Hallariel says,

Hallariel: [sighs] Darling, word reached me that you were here in your
ancestral homeland, and I thought that it'd been quite some time, and I should
come and see my dear father and see you, as well. How's the adventure going,
my darling?

Fabian: It's good. We're having a good time. Everyone's really doing good
work. I mean, we, as a collective. Me, personally, I'm doing rough. Really
rough. There was a whole thing. We went to Leviathan, and I was all excited to
be my father's son and do it right, and then I got a bunch of people killed.
Over 20. (laughing) it was wild. (laughing) I mean, I still-- There's one of
them, it's burned in my brain forever. This is the moment which I turned my
back and ran away from him as he cried out for help, but it's been good to
come here and feel, I don't know. I never really got in touch with this side
of me. Yeah. I'm as much your son as I was dad's.

Brennan: She smiles and kisses you on the cheek and says, (sighing)

Hallariel: Fabian, as much as you are my son, and your father's son, you are
also, darling, you're becoming your own man, and your father had many scars
from battle. He lost his eye, lost his leg, but he told me one time when he
was observing ships that he never wanted to buy a ship or steal one that had
no mark of repair on it, that had never seen combat, had never experienced the
decay or the destruction. He said he only wanted a ship that had the soul of a
survivor in it. There is so much relief in my heart to know that my son can
sail through storms and come out the other side. It's a better skill to have
than never sailing into a storm at all. I'm very proud of you.

Fabian: Thank you. Yeah. I'm doing my own thing now. I dance. I have a sheet.
I put out my friend's fire. My friends were on fire, I used a sheet to put
them out, then I also, I wrapped up a fire elemental with it and inhaled it.
It was crazy. It kissed me on the lips and it went inside me.

Hallariel: Fabian!

Fabian: What, Mama? Stop.

Hallariel: Ribald details.

Fabian: No, it wasn't romantic. It was more like, I don't know, spiritual. I
don't know.

Brennan: Telemaine goes,

Telemaine: [nods] Yes. Yes. I wasn't there, but I get it, and I like it for
you.

Fabian: Oh. Thank you, Grandpapa.

Brennan: You see that Hallariel looks at you and says,

Hallariel: Darling, I've also come not only to see you, but to bring a little
bit of news. Arthur Aguefort has deeply endangered all the school's funding
from... He apparently turned 300 or 400 feet tall and grabbed the sun—

Fabian: Yes, we watched that! It was crazy. I think he went to war with
Fallinel.

Hallariel: And also, it's coming up on the end of your spring break. I'm not
sure how you're doing on your timeline for accomplishing this quest, but also,
I have— I'm not proud of this. I've eaten all of Gilear's yogurt and I don't
know how to make any more food, and I kind of am coming to see if Cathilda
would come back.

Fabian: What? Oh.

Brennan: She puts her head down and says,

Hallariel: I am having a very hard time in the kitchen.

Fabian: Oh, okay.

Brennan: Cathilda looks up, shakes her head ruefully, and says,

Cathilda: Madame Seacaster, why don't I talk to Fabian for a moment? And, you
can say hello to your father and catch up with him.

Brennan: Cathilda takes your hand and walks through the garden with you and
looks up and says,

Cathilda: Master Fabian.

Fabian: Are you really going to go, Cathilda? I do worry about my mom, so it
feels right, but I don't want you to go.

Brennan: Cathilda looks at you and says,

Cathilda: Master Fabian, watching you dance was an honor and a pleasure, and
there is something I have been waiting to see who you would become for a long
time, and watching you become the man that you were always meant to be is
something that I'm honored to have seen just the very beginning of. It is true
that I will no longer receive my hireling stipend, but I’m a member of your
crew. If you wish me to continue on to this last leg of the journey, I will.
If you wish me to go back and take care of your mother, I will do that. I'm
happy to take my call from you, young master Fabian.

Fabian: Cathilda, you've really lifted me up, especially through some pretty
rough times, but I feel like I'm back on my feet. So, you go home, you take
care of Mama. I think, I think I... will be fine.

Brennan: Big tears stream down her face. She takes your hand and says,

Cathilda: I always knew you would be. (sniffing) Oh, there's only one
Seacaster left to take care of, and she's back there in a kimono.

Fabian: She is. I'm excited to come home and tell you about all the crazy
things I'm gonna do. Wild stuff. Really wild stuff.

Brennan: She smiles and says,

Cathilda: I can't wait to hear it. A brand new legend, one of your own
writing, you and your friends.

Brennan: She smiles and says, (sighing) takes her little dancing blades, walks
a little bit away and says,

Cathilda: What sword do you think you'll fight with? That fancy elven sword or
your father’s?

Fabian: The elven one. Dad's sword's just gonna chill for a second.

Brennan: She nods, smiles, and says,

Cathilda: It's the warrior, not the blade, anyway, my boy. You'll do well.
[blows a kiss]

Brennan: She walks off with your mom. So, you see that she walks over, back to
Telemaine and Hallariel. Kristen, you're-- Sorry, you again are off—

Ally: Just got a bunch of materials.

Brennan: Yeah, you're getting a bunch of materials.

Lou: [laughs] Getting oils.

Ally: Getting various oils.

Brennan: [points at Zac and Siobhan] You guys are working on the Hangman.

Murph: I'm trying to read up on—

Brennan: Cool. Go ahead and give me an Investigation check real quick.

Murph: Sweet. I roll those with advantage now.

Ally: Woo!

Brennan: Steady Eye.

Murph: Ooh, you love to see it. You simply love to see it. 28.

Ally shakes their head.

Brennan: [laughing] 28!

Zac: Pretty good.

Ally: Great.

Emily: That’s good.

Murph: And, I also just realized, Ragh, right, when Ragh was afraid of the
Shadow Cat, she threatened him because he saw her, right? Or, did she ask him,
"Did you tell anyone?" or something like that? I thought she said something
like that.

Siobhan: That was my mother that said that.

Murph: That was your mother. So, knowledge.

Riz: Knowledge is power, people.

Murph: I say that, quietly say that.

Brennan: If you actually look for help with that, Ragh goes back to explain to
you and as you're researching, he's like,

Ragh: What did you wanna know? What exactly happened? What's the timeline
you're interested in?

Riz: When you saw the Shadow Cat.

Ragh: Yeah.

Riz: She threatened you, right?

Ragh: Yeah, she said if I told anyone anything I'd seen, 'cause the first
people I saw were Arianwen talking to Jace at Aguefort the night of prom.

Riz: Okay.

Ragh: And then, later on my way home after the whole fight and everything,
that's when I saw-- Or, it all happened after the fight, but that's when
Kalina came up and hassled me, basically.

Riz: Got it.

Brennan: But, Ragh is helping you to the best of his ability, with this
investigation. He’s kinda just, you know. He's not the most investigative
person. Tell me what it is you’re looking for. A 28 is an incredible roll. Is
there a specific thing you're looking for in particular?

Murph: I guess I'm trying to find out how to pin down Kalina. I'm trying to
find out, basically-- I have a suspicion that the reason she's moving around
so much is because she's this god with no name, and I'm trying to see if
there's a way to undo it, to make her as she has been unmade.

Brennan: Cool. So, you avoid some of the thicker arcana stuff, 'cause that's
not your bag, really. What you do find in a lot of Arianwen's hand is her
researching abyssal demonic texts. You are looking for-- and this is
specifically stuff that Arianwen was writing that you begin to piece together.
She's careful not to ever write, 'cause this was research she was doing while
in Fallinel with elven governmental stuff. The earliest thing you find is a
parcel of her notes, right. So, rather than big, meaty-- You're like,
religious tomes, Kristen, big meaty arcana tomes, that's Adaine. You're like,
"let me get in that weird bag of old receipts." Wanna get in that thing of
detective work, and the first thing you find is a lot of notes that Arianwen
requisitioned that has to do with a couple, basically like two or 300 years
ago, the execution of a wood elf in basically the elven Secret Service, this
thing called the Third Court, that is a wood elf woman named Landrin Lier who
descended from a family of wood elf refugees from Sylvaire after the Nightmare
King came into power, who came on and was one of the first wood elves to get
accepted into the Secret Service of the elves as a healer, 'cause she was a
cleric of Galicaea, of the Moon Goddess. She was eventually killed for
espionage, and basically the notes are a little bit unclear, but what they end
up finding is this stuff that has to do with-- Once second. What they end up
finding is notes having to do with her trial, notes of heresy, and also notes
of her being basically false, like not a true servant of Galicaea. There are
notes in the trial-- obviously, it's a secret trial. She wasn't tried in the
public court 'cause it was all espionage and hidden elements of the elven
courts. It seems like Landrin Lier was secretly a cleric not of Galicaea, but
of something else.

Murph: Uh-huh.

Brennan: And what she is accused of having done is it's basically that she
used her role as a healer to do something, to put some kind of curse or effect
or do something when she was healing members of the elven courts that she
introduced something into Fallinel.

Murph: So she created the “virus” or whatever, as it were, it seems.

Brennan: Yeah, putting that together, you're like, she's the recording of
something got brought into Fallinel by this woman who was basically killed as
a zealot. She was like, "I'm part of the church of Galicaea. I will join your
Secret Service, and then later, it's like, “No, you're a zealot for something
dark and hidden, and you've come to try and sabotage Fallinel from within.”

Murph: Right.

Brennan: So, that's one of the big first things that you find. The 28, as
well, you're looking for Kalina stuff.

Murph: Yeah. Kalina stuff, and then I guess I'm also, like I said before, I
was kinda working under the assumption that the Nightmare King and the
nameless person were the same. I'm kinda curious if they're opposing forces.

Brennan: If the Nightmare King and this nameless goddess are the same, right?

Murph: Yeah, if maybe the crown of the Nightmare King is not being fetched for
the Nightmare King. If it's being--

Siobhan: Well, the crown is-- This is stuff from earlier. The crown is a
talisman that anchors an extraplanar creature on our plane. So, if the goddess
was unmade, then perhaps the crown of the Nightmare King could ground her back
in this plane.

Ally: Wow!

Murph: So, Kalina could be this zealot who is trying to bring--

Siobhan: Yes, or she could be the goddess. Either way.

Murph: The goddess herself.

Siobhan: If she gets the Nightmare- this unmade goddess gets this crown--

Murph: Then, she could be made.

Siobhan: Then perhaps, she could be made.

Brennan: Okay. You see this is a big element here, as well. Arianwen's
research, it's got Landrin Lier in there. There's also stuff about Arianwen
researching demonic texts, and she finds this thing from more recent history
having to do with the original fall of Kalvaxus. When the Nightmare King was
defeated, like after the fall of Kalvaxus and sort of alliance of the big
baddies of the world, you see that a group of infernal warlocks came to help
the good guys by creating a boundary around the forest of the Nightmare King
'cause it was cursed, this curse was spreading even after the Nightmare King
was defeated. So, these devils that basically like, “the Nightmare King worked
with demons, those are our enemies, we're gonna come help out,” and place this
boundary around the forest of the Nightmare King that appeared to both
simultaneously keep things in the forest in and keep things outside the forest
out. So, it was a weird moment where these infernal powers were like, "Hey,
this is enough in our interest that we're gonna come help you guys seal this
place off."

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: This is also stuff that you find that this thing was requisitioned
using names on these requisition forms that this information was checked out
of in your father's handwriting. Pok Gukgak checked this out, and also in his
handwriting he checked that out for him and Kalina while they were partners
together. You see Arianwen's notes on this information that had been partially
checked out by Pok and Kalina when Pok was working in collaboration with the
elven government. You see that in the text the boundaries placed around the
forest of the Nightmare King to prevent the return of the Nightmare King and
to prevent the return of the Nightmare King's crown had to do with... Only a
high-ranking devil could allow passage through that boundary into the forest
of Sylvaire, and you see Arianwen got her hands on a demonic ritual that
involved-- And, you see there are notes in the margin, Arianwen was like, they
basically say logistics, how to get-- They basically say, the ritual starts to
go, the demons are like, "A high-ranking devil's never gonna do this
willingly." If a devil were bound into something and you see that Ragh, over
your shoulder, goes,

Ragh: I know that term. I know that word. That's a medical word. I've seen it
in my mom's stuff before. It's about a body fusing with a gem. This is about
gem magic. This is about putting a gem inside somebody's body.

Brennan: Reading further into it, you see that the ritual requires a specific
kind of body to have been dead for 24 hours, and then a gem containing a high-
ranking devil being placed into the body, and you see next to the thing with
the body there's notes from Arianwen

basically being like, “Question mark, question mark, question mark, logistics,
how to get a devil into Kalina’s hands. Possible, question mark.”

Murph: Is Gorthalax a devil or a demon?

Brennan: Devil.

Murph: Devil. So, I was the dead one they were trying to sacrifice and
Gorthalax is a part of it.

Emily: So, why would the boundary, that's not at the boundary of the Nightmare
forest.

Zac: Is that boundary still up?

Emily: I do think that perhaps we should leave Gorthalax in the gem now.

Murph: The ritual didn’t happen. Yeah, I think I call Fig in because of the
gem stuff.

Brennan: Cool.

Fig: I can't. I'm watching Aelwyn.

Riz: Okay, got it.

Fig: You can tell me later though.

Riz: Cool.

Brennan: Awesome. You're looking at that, and basically what you see, it's
literally this weird thing where it basically seems like the devil has to be
held by the Shadow Cat, by the servant of the Nightmare King, that these texts
make direct reference to, and a lot of it is that Arianwen's notes are like,
"How do I get something into the possession of the Shadow Cat?" and the answer
appears to be this thing where it's like a certain type of dead body can put
this gem into the hands of the Shadow Cat. Now, back in—

Siobhan: Does that mean that she's not in contact with the Shadow Cat? Because
that's what the Shadow Cat implied to Aelwyn is that they're working together.

Emily: So, I just wanna pull up a stool by the door. I wanna light a clove
cigarette. I wanna disguise myself as Aelwyn and Adaine's mom.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Sick.

Emily: And then, I'm also gonna hex her.

[Ally laughs]

Emily: Which lasts for an hour, and the ability that she's gonna have
disadvantage checks on is strength, in case I need to grapple her.

Brennan: Cool. Awesome. So, you are--

Kristen: You want a cortado? I can make one really quick.

[Siobhan laughs]

Fig: Yeah, please.

Brennan: Cool.

Adaine: I love that you only know how to make cortados.

Brennan: So, you're sitting there,

Adaine: And also, incorrect.

Brennan: Very cool. As you're doing that... You’ve hexed her, she's lying
there, you're smoking, you look like her mom.

Murph: You're an actual nightmare.

Ally: [laughing] Yeah. Sadistic.

Emily: If she wakes up, I'll put out the cigarette, pretend to be her mom.

Brennan: As you're sitting there—

Emily: Although,

Fig: [to Adaine] Does your mom smoke cloves?

Siobhan: I'm gonna let you answer that question.

Emily: I message you.

Fig: No?

Emily: I hear nothing back.

Fig: Huh, my Message must be off. I think my Message isn’t working.

Adaine: I don't even begin-- I can't even begin to think to answer that
question.

(Emily laughing)

Adaine: It's just so baffling to me that you would even--

Emily: Alright. [laughs]

Brennan: You hear a knock on the outside of the van door.

Emily: I kick it open.

Brennan: You see-- Blam! The van door kicks open. You see Fathethriel out
there. You see Fathethriel looks at you and says,

Fathethriel: Hello, have you seen Ragh?

Lou: [laughs] Man.

Fig: This is really sad. I think it's not gonna happen.

Fathethriel: It already has a couple of times.

Fig: Yeah, but the continuation, I don't know if he's feeling you that way.

Fathethriel: Okay.

Fig: Yeah, but I haven't seen him. No, maybe he went for a swim.

Fathethriel: Okay. A little swim or something?

Fig: Yeah.

Emily: I think I wanna shield so he can't really see in the room.

Brennan: Cool. You see he looks over at you and says,

Fathethriel: By the way, just because there's some sort of a rumor going
around, what's going on with you and Ayda?

Fig: What sort of saucy little elf are you? You think I come into your town so
that you can whisper words about me?

Zac: Do you still look like her mom?

Ally: Yeah, I was gonna say, doesn't she look like a random woman?

(laughing)

Brennan: I think you got a bass guitar on your back and you're smoking a clove
cigarette, and he's put it together.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Then, he looks and just goes,

Fathethriel: I'm sorry. Me and some of my friends talked to her about it, and
it just seemed like something was going on.

Fig: What did she say?

Fathethriel: Well, you know, we just talked about how you're a rockstar and
probably get around, and she got really upset and teleported away.

Fig: She said I'm a rockstar?

Fathethriel: No, we said that.

Fig: Oh. Oh. Well, I guess that's the end of our conversation. You wanna know
anything else? Do you wanna know if I'm a rockstar and I get around?

Brennan: You see that he says—

Fig: Here. Here's a little fucking gossip for you. I'm a fucking virgin who's
never had a healthy relationship!

Fathethriel: Wooooooow! This is the best day of my life.

Fig: Spread that around, 'cause guess what. I don't care what you say here
'cause I'm never coming back. Choke on grapes, bitch!

[cast laughs]

Murph: Oh, my god.

Zac: Did Ayda teleport away?

Siobhan: I'm hearing all of this in my mother' voice.

Zac: Did Ayda teleport away?

Ally: That line, honestly. But stick with the grapes.

Brennan: Yeah, 'cause it hurts to Fig that Ayda teleported away.

Fig: Oh, she teleported away? Wait, come back!

Brennan: You see Fathethriel turn around and says,

Fathethriel: I don't know. You kinda had a big moment there. Do you wanna
restart this up or let that sit?

Fig: Where did she teleport to? Are you talking about she teleported like all
the way back, or did she teleport behind a tree?

Brennan: You see he's like,

Fathethriel: She opened the door to some kind of fiery place and there's like
a big fire door. It's by the grotto, literally just whatever. It's still
there. I think some of my friends are gonna go through it later, but we're
gonna, you know?

Fig: Okay.

Ally: This guy sucks.

Fig: Gorgug! Gorgug!

Zac pantomimes holding a broken part together.

Gorgug: This part's broken.

Fig: Gorgug!

Gorgug: Huh? Yeah?

Fig: Can you take over for a minute?

Gorgug: It's still broken.

Siobhan leans over and raises her hand over the “broken part” as if casting a
spell.

Fig: Can you take over for a minute?

Adaine: Mending takes one minute. Just hold still for--

Gorgug: Take over watching her?

Fig: Yes.

Gorgug: [sighs] Okay. Well.

Adaine: Okay. All right, well.

Gorgug: We can just do this later.

Fig: Also, Adaine, I'm gonna come out of the van, but don't get too freaked
out.

Adaine: Why would you— Why are you— It's very triggering for me that you would
do this.

Fig: I know. I'm sorry. Again, I'm always offering if you wanna do some sort
of therapy back to back, I can be like, "I love you."

Adaine: Are you a trained therapist?

(Ally laughs)

Emily: I walk away.

(Murph laughs)

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I guess I'm gonna go to this fiery portal.

Brennan: You go to this fiery portal. Gorgug, you hop down into the van.

Gorgug: What's going on in here?

Brennan: Cool. Awesome. So, as you go into the van and close the door, you see
that Aelwyn kinda wakes up a little bit. Goes,

[Aelwyn groans]

Emily: She is still hexed. I think that it will still have full disadvantage
on strength checks.

Brennan: Goes like,

Aelwyn: Ugh, I don't feel good at all.

Gorgug: Yeah.

[silence]

Ally: Come on, man. You can do it.

Gorgug: So, what's, uh... Maybe you should go back to sleep? I don't know.

Aelwyn: What?

Gorgug: I don't know. This got sprung on me. I didn't really-- This is not the
zone for me.

Aelwyn: I don't feel good at all.

Ally: C’mon, man, you can do it!

Gorgug: I could— [sighs]

[Emily laughs]

Gorgug: Maybe there’s some water or something?

Aelwyn: What?

Gorgug: What?

Aelwyn: What?

Gorgug: What?

Aelwyn: What?

Gorgug: I was asking if you want some water.

Aelwyn?: [sighs] I don't feel good at all.

Gorgug: Did you just—

Zac: Gorgug puts his hand through and just sees if he can touch her.

Emily: Oh, no!

Siobhan: Oh no!

(laughing and groaning)

Emily: No!

Brennan: You touch her head and your hand comes back wet, like she's made of
water and she goes,

Aelwyn?: You're cute.

Siobhan: God.

Gorgug: Uh oh. [panics]

Zac: I open the door.

Gorgug: Anybody? Hello?

Adaine: Yeah, I'm up here.

Ally: I should be getting back from my stuff?

Lou: Am I on the way back?

Gorgug: Your sister's made of water and I didn't--

Adaine: God dammit.

Kristen: You're kidding me.

Gorgug: I'm not sure when it happened, but she is made of water.

Kristen: Fig!

Brennan: Fig, you walk down towards the grotto where you see the grotto's
supposed to be. You don't see any fucking fiery portal at all.

Ally: No!

Fig: [yelling] Oh my god. I was completely fucking used! All y'all need to
choke on grapes! [points at the elves] All y’all!

Fabian: What? What is happening?

Riz: Why are we choking on grapes? We said don't eat the grapes.

Fig: You guys are excluded from the choking on the grapes.

Brennan: So, you're in a different part. You're near the grotto right now.

Ally: Oh, boy.

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to make a Wisdom saving throw, if you'd be so
kind.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Come on, nat 20. This is it.

Siobhan: Nat 20, baby. Nat 20, nat 20. Oh, all right. Okay.

Emily: That is going to be a dirty 20.

Brennan: A dirty 20. Cool.

Lou: Hell, yes.

Brennan: You feel a spell try to happen on you. Now, I'm gonna need you to
roll initiative.

Emily: What?

Ally: Come on.

Emily: Oh my God.

Ally: You still look like Arian, right?

Emily: Yeah, I do still look like Adaine's mom. I got a 5, but I'm gonna use a
luck point to try to get better initiative.

Zac: You have luck points? Ooh.

Emily: Okay, that's gonna be a 17.

Brennan: 17? Okay, it does not beat a 19, so I'm gonna need another Wisdom
saving throw, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: 15.

(sighing)

Ally: Luck point?

Brennan: You can use another luck point here if you want to.

Emily: I will.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: 10.

Brennan: Fig. Your body freezes. It's just for a moment. You know it's Hold
Person. It's not gonna kill you and it's something you can keep making saves
against. Go ahead. So, we're in initiative order. At the end of your turn now,
go ahead and make another saving throw.

Emily: Okay. 12 isn’t gonna do it.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: I guess I gotta try— I don't wanna freaking use my third luck point.
What a waste of these new luck points. 18?

Brennan: 18 does it.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: So, at the end of your turn you come out just in time. On a natural
19, you watch Gorthalax's gem come out of your coat.

Emily: By what? By someone invisible?

Brennan: Literally an invisible something.

Emily: Okay. Bestow Curse. I wanna make that person have terrible gas so I can
follow them.

(laughing)

Brennan: You cast Bestow Curse. I'm gonna roll a saving throw. That is a—
What's your DC?

Emily: 17.

Brennan: So, I'm gonna narrate what happens now. You watch the invisibility
fade as a shivering, shaking Aelwyn Abernant holding Gorthalax's gem and
holding her spellbook (Emily gasping) appear before you.

Zac: How did this happen?

Brennan: Appear before you. She was invisible in the van with you. Appear
before you and go,

Aelwyn: I'm so sorry, but goodbye for now.

(mouth farting)

Aelwyn: What?

Brennan: And teleports, very confused by just blasting ass against her will.

Ally: I have a question.

Brennan: As she teleports out of here.

Fig: You motherfucker!

Ally: When? I have a question though.

Emily: How did she know it was me though? I look like her mom?

Brennan: She was casting Detect Thoughts.

Ally: I made a fake thing that was loaded with glyph of warding with an
explosion that looked like that crystal. I don't remember when you took your
specific dad one out of the bag, but we had a decoy one.

Siobhan: I think it was just the bag that was like that.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Oh, just the bag. You're right. You just had the loose-- Yeah.

Emily: I had it in my pocket because I tried to give it to him.

Ally: Yeah, I got you. Don't worry about it.

Brennan: So, Aelwyn [snaps] vanishes. The concentration-- You see that the
spell fades on you and you are no longer paralyzed.

Emily: I run back up.

Fig: Hey, guys. Aelwyn just fucking got away.

Kristen: Yeah, she was all water.

Fig: Yeah, well--

Adaine: I should've been watching her myself. This is my fault.

Gorgug: We had her captive for like nine minutes.

Fig: Yes. I don't even know when it happened.

Adaine: Honestly, that's longer than anybody has ever been able to hold her
captive before.

Fig: She has Gorthalax in the fucking gem and I don't know where she
teleported. I tried to give her gas so that I could follow her when she was
invisible, but I can't—

Riz: I was just reading and they need a devil to get into the forest of the
Nightmare King. So, they're definitely taking Gorthalax there at some point.

Kristen: We need to get there.

Riz: They have to kill someone, and within 24 hours...

Fig: Where's Ayda?

Brennan: Ayda comes in. She's got a little bowl of grapes.

[Ayda chewing]

Kristen: Hey, baby.

[Lou laughs]

Kristen: So, I have a question.

Ayda: I'm not a baby.

Kristen: I know. I have a question.

Ayda: I'm not a baby. I'm an adult.

Gorgug: No one thinks you're a baby.

Kristen: Yeah, totally, baby.

Gorgug: It's a turn of phrase.

Kristen: Okay, so there was this weird, oozing puss man, right, in what you
saw? Is that the person that they need to cram this devil into?

Adaine: The devil into.

Kristen: That sounds like a dead wood elf.

Riz: He's in the forest.

Adaine: He's in the forest.

Kristen: Okay, yeah. I guess, but it sounds like they were trying to keep
someone freshly dead and that kinda sounds like what they need.

Fig: I think 24 hours just means that, yeah, they need some-- although, they
could cast Gentle Repose on them.

Kristen: Yeah. Hey, do you think that your mom--

Fig: Where's Fathethriel?

Kristen: Do you think your mom fell in love with the idea of this nameless
lady?

Brennan: You wanna go find Fathethriel?

Murph: Yeah, let’s go find Fathethriel.

Emily: Yeah, I wanna go find fucking Fathethriel.

Brennan: Cool. Fathethriel's hanging out, dipping his feet into a little pool.

Fig: Hey, Feth. What's up?

Fathethriel: Hey.

Fig: So. I need you to tell me that what you just did, someone cast a spell on
you and you did against your own will.

Fathethriel: No. Um. A tabaxi woman showed up and told me she'd give me 10
gold pieces if I went and messed with you.

Kristen: That's so little money.

Fig: For 10 gold pieces? For 10 gold pieces you literally just gave away my
fucking father who I don't even fucking know!

Fathethriel: Whoa? What? I don't know anything about this.

Riz: Give us your lunch money!

Murph: I try to take the gold back.

Brennan: He says--

[Fathethriel cries out in pain]

Fabian: Yes!

Lou: Backhand.

[Fathethriel shouts]

Brennan: He says,

Fathethriel: Everyone's being weird! What's going on? I don't get it! A lady
said to go mess with you and say some stuff about Ayda or whatever.

Murph: I want to steal—

Riz: That's Fig's 10 gold.

Fathethriel: I'm waiting. She didn't give me the gold yet.

Riz: You didn't even get it up front?

Fig: [upset] Okay, she didn't give you the gold yet? Cool. We'll wait until
she gives you-- You didn't even get anything up front, you just did this on a
fucking lark?

Fathethriel: No. I don't know. I didn't do it for—

Fabian: You're mean.

Fathethriel: What?

Fabian: You're very, very mean.

Fig: You're mean.

Adaine: Ragh, I think this guy is bad for you and I think we should leave.

Kristen: Ragh, I think you should beat the shit out of this guy.

Fabian: [waves his hands] Whoa, whoa, whoa!

Brennan: Ragh says,

Ragh: [waving both hands no] I’m not comfortable, I’m not comfortable—

Kristen: Do it, c’mon, man. Do it.

Fig: Everyone but Ragh should. Everyone but Ragh should.

Riz: Fathethriel is really mean. Fathethriel, you should go around and tell
everyone about this cat that just told you about this thing, and if you do
that, I’ll give you 100 gold.

Murph: I give him 100 gold.

Fathethriel pockets it.

Fig: Don't give my fucking greatest enemy in my life 100 gold.

Fathethriel: Wait. I'm confused. How am I now the greatest enemy of your life?

Adaine: You know why.

Fathethriel: I super don't.

Adaine: You know.

Fabian: Hey, Fathethriel?

Emily: That's a, does a 23 hit?

[cast laughs]

Brennan: Yeah, a 23 hits!

Murph: I try to hold Fig back.

Brennan: Yeah, you sock him for--

Emily: I'm gonna do Booming Blade—

Zac makes a face of dismay.

Ally: No, don't kill him!

Lou: Do not kill Fathethriel.

Murph: [almost laughing too hard to talk] Don’t, he was tricked!

Ally: [shaking their head] You’d absolutely kill him, your dad is gone.

Emily: He absolutely just humiliated me in every fucking way possible.

Murph: Fig! Hold her back, hold her back.

Lou: Yes, can I grab onto Fig with my sheet?

Brennan: You know what,

Murph: I would like to try to hold Fig back.

Brennan: If you guys want to leap on Fig, okay.

Emily: I hit him for a 19.

Murph: Let him spread the word.

Emily: I hit him for 19, and if he walks, then he takes another 2d8 damage.

Brennan: If you hit this kid for 19 damage.

Zac: He’d be dead. Fully dead.

Brennan: He's fully dead.

Emily: Just knock him unconscious.

Brennan: You do non-lethal.

[Murph laughs]

Brennan: Bong! Hit him on the ground.

Riz: That was really big of you, Fig.

Brennan: Yeah, you see Ragh goes,

Ragh: Holy shit! What did he do? What did he do?

Adaine: He helped Aelwyn escape.

Fig: Yeah, that.

Ragh: Oh. Well, that sucks.

Kristen: And, Aelwyn got her spellbook and Fig's dad.

Adaine: Also, he tricked Fig, which I feel like is Fig's whole thing, and so
maybe it's more painful because of that.

Ragh: Oh, you're seeing your vices and someone else's engaging with them.

Adaine: Right, yeah.

Fig: No. I don't feel bad about my vices. My vices rule.

Kristen: I have a question about Arian's motive here.

Adaine: Arianwen's or Aelwyn's?

Kristen: Arianwen’s.

Adaine: My mom.

Kristen: Yes, your mom's, because it sounds like the high elves did this whole
misinformation campaign in bad faith. Does it sound like your mom is trying to
bring it back and make right, maybe against the high elves?

Adaine: Maybe, but it seems like the high elves-- My mom is the highest of the
high elves.

Kristen: But, it sounds like she broke back 'cause her and your dad aren't
working together.

Riz: I think they're both just bad. They're both just different kinds of bad.

Gorgug: But, they're on different sides, is what it sounds like.

Kristen: It sounds like she's on this mystery side because she did so much
research. This is like the research of someone who's fallen in love with a
new—

Adaine: Look, I do not know my mother at all.

Kristen: Can you talk to her in any way?

Adaine: If I take a long rest. I guess I could Sending her, I could send her a
message using Sending.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay. We've knocked one of the youths here unconscious. I think
it's time for us to go. We're gonna head back to Leviathan right now.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: Also, we need to have a discussion because Cathilda is gonna be
departing. Currently, Ragh is still on the adventure with you as a full party
member. Myself, and Tracker are no longer officially receiving a stipend from
the school. I can't speak on Tracker's behalf.

Gorgug: Why is that? Just 'cause of funding—

Fabian: Aguefort's out of money.

Sandra Lynn: Yes, he's in trouble. So, you guys are heading into what looks
like the last leg of your journey. You have a lot of information from
Fathethriel, you have all the information you need about what our enemy's up
to.

Brennan: She looks around and you see that she and Tracker are standing
together like they've just had a conversation. She says,

Sandra Lynn: I feel obligated to continue if you guys want me. You're heading
to the forest of Sylvaire. That's kind of why you guys brought me anyway, so I
will continue on with you.

Brennan: Tracker looks at you guys and says,

Tracker: I will, as well. You guys don't have to pay me. I'll keep going, too.

Adaine: We'll pay both of you. We have—

Fig: Yeah, we have money.

Ally: I do have a question though because there is kind of a part of me that
wonders if there's something those of us who are infected can do separate to
help.

Fig: I don't wanna separate.

Kristen: I don't want to either, but I am thinking if she's hearing every
plan, if she knows exactly where we are, all of our research, she knows what
we know. Is that bad?

Riz: Well, we knows what she needs to do, too.

Fabian: Exactly.

Riz: We know where they're going.

Kristen: Yeah, true.

Adaine: Let's get out of here and have this conversation in Leviathan.

Kristen: Yeah, 'cause we know where the temple is.

Brennan: Cool.

Kristen: You and me found that stuff at Compass Points. We know exactly where
the temple that she's heading towards is.

Riz: And, considering how your father used you guys, it's possible your sister
is being set up as the person being sacrificed now.

Adaine: Cool!

Riz: I think both of your parents are bad in different ways, but they might be
doing the same thing.

Adaine: Great. Wonderful.

Brennan: You guys-- Ayda prepares the teleport. Telemaine comes up and says,

Telemaine: It has been an honor.

Kristen: [hostile] Get out of— [apologetic] Oh, sorry. [laughs] [hides face] I
thought you were-- I thought you were the guy. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. [to
Fabian] I'm so sorry I yelled at your dad.

Fabian: It's my granddad.

Emily: No, I’m still standing on Fathethriel’s Adam’s apple.

Kristen: Oh, right.

Fig: That guy doesn't get to come to until I'm gone.

[Murph laughs]

Ally hides their face.

Brennan: You see that Telemaine comes up and says to all of you,

Telemaine: Take as many grapes as you'd like.

Fabian: What an opportunity.

Riz: Thank you, Telemaine.

Kristen: Thank you, sir.

Gorgug: I'll take a grape, yeah.

Siobhan: I give a formal, high elvish, departation ritual saying of,

Adaine: May your grapes be juicy and bright.

Brennan: You see that he returns the formal response. He says,

Telemaine: In your time here, you have rescued your friend. You found what you
needed in your great quest, though it pains me to see you go, my sweet
grandson. You have also knocked one of our youths unconscious.

Fig: I need you to trust me on this one. He deserved it.

Telemaine: Oh, he's a shit starter.

Fig: It was completely manipulative, what he did.

Telemaine: He's a shit starter, for sure.

Fig: Yeah. I would throw him in the river.

Telemaine: No, no, no. It's okay. He's weird. The way he talks about half-orcs
is weird. We all think it. This is messed up for me to say about a kid, but I
don't like him.

Fig: Ah, okay.

Riz: He’s just a rotten kid.

Murph: I kick him once.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: You see, he goes—

Siobhan: I kick him but I hurt my foot. I’m so weak.

Brennan: Hallariel says,

Hallariel: I shall see you when you're all back in Elmville again. Best of
luck saving the world, darlings. I love you so much. I love you, sweetheart.

Fabian: I love you, Mama.

Brennan: Cathilda comes up with her little bag packed. She gives you a kiss
and says,

Cathilda: You're your own hero, Master Fabian.

Brennan: She goes around. She gives you a little kiss, Riz, and goes over to
Kristen. She goes over to you Adaine, and as she gives you a little kiss, she
puts a little thing of cookies in your hand.

Siobhan: I give her a big hug.

Brennan: Gives you a big hug in return. She smiles at you, Gorgug, gives you a
kiss on the cheek,

Gorgug: Thank you!

Brennan: And she comes over to you and she looks and says—

Fig: I believe you. You're on our side.

Brennan: She smiles, nods, and says,

Cathilda: You're a good egg.

Fig: This guy though, probably the Nightmare King.

Cathilda: Who are you pointing to?

Fig: The small elf underneath my boot.

Cathilda: No. He's an asshole. He's not the Nightmare King.

Fig: Yeah. Right now I just need to believe he's the Nightmare King.

Brennan: As Cathilda walks away, can I take out my father's eyepatch and put
it back on, and then say,

Fabian: You're the best maid-- No, the best surrogate mother a boy could ask
for.

Brennan: She bursts into tears. You see, your mom looks, hears--

Fabian: You know. You know it's true.

Brennan: She looks and says,

Hallariel: It hurts because it's true.

Brennan: And you see she says,

Hallariel: My hope is that I start doing better, darling.

Brennan: And, she looks at Cathilda and says,

Hallariel: Maybe, Cathilda, we should have a talk about what it means to do
right by people.

Brennan: Cathilda says,

Cathilda: Oh.

Brennan: She looks over at you [Fabian] and says,

Cathilda: Two down, [points at Hallariel] one more to go.

Brennan: And, she takes Hallariel’s hand and says--

Zac: What?

Brennan: Bill, Fabian, and now Hallariel. You see she looks at you and says,

Cathilda: My heart beams with light for you, Fabian.

Brennan: And she says,

Cathilda: The eye patch looks good on you.

Fabian: Stop it.

Brennan: And, they walk away. Ayda, the runes of fire spread. And, you all
reappear, vwoom! And can small the salt sea air and can once again feel the
ebbing call of gulls. You are back, midday, under a deep fog at the Compass
Points Library. Leviathan spreads around you, no longer under the threat of
Captain James. For those of you who are here, Ayda looks and says,

Ayda: Very well. We have some research we have left to do. Let us dive into it
and see what we can glean.

Ally: I start casting Hallow on the van.

Brennan: You see that Tracker and Sandra Lynn look at you, both. Sandra Lynn
sort of coughs and says,

Sandra Lynn: So, you would prefer for Tracker and I to continue the last leg
of the journey with you?

Adaine: Yes.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you, looks out at Leviathan, looks at Tracker,
puts a hand on Tracker's back and sort of squeezes her shoulder and looks out
and says,

Sandra Lynn: We're headed into the shit. [looks to Adaine] Your sister's taken
back her book, [looks to Fig] she's captured your father and one of my
partners, and I wanna say that I haven't been good, and I'm sorry. I haven't
been a good role model. I'm an adult. You're all learning how to be heroes.
I've given you reason to doubt me. I've introduced strife into Tracker.

Kristen: This is about to get inspiring.

Brennan: You see, she bursts into laughter, you saying that, and just goes,

Sandra Lynn: Look, we're going into the shit. We all have stuff to work out.
I'm not perfect and you guys are teenagers and you've known that for a minute.
If I give you reason to doubt in the middle of something that's dangerous,
then that's on me and I'm sorry. If anything ever happened, and I made things
hard, Mordred Manor is a home waiting for all of you, and if anything ever
happened and I ever made a mistake that put anything in jeopardy, I would get
on Baxter and go before I put your home and your family in jeopardy. I want
you to know that. We fuck up and we try to make the decisions to be better
where and when we can, and we're going presumably to Sylvaire to stop what's
going on. Here's to getting it right on the next try.

Brennan: You see that Tracker nods and you see that Sandra Lynn looks over at
Ayda, hangs her head and says,

Sandra Lynn: Ayda, can I… [rubs her eyes] get a use of that Sending spell from
you? I need to talk to somebody.

Brennan: And you see that Ayda says,

Ayda: Sure. Someone specific or just any person in the world?

Brennan: And, Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: A specific person.

[Ally laughs]

Brennan: And walks off with Ayda.

Ally: Can I do an Insight to see if that was maybe to Jawbone?

Brennan: No Insight needed. You said the name. It's to Jawbone.

Ally: Okay, yeah yeah yeah.

Brennan: Tracker comes over, smiles at you, and goes,

Tracker: All right. Let's get to work.

Kristen: All right, I'm gonna do this. Can you go find Chungledown Bim?

Adaine: What?

Fabian: Do not-- No! Absolutely not!

[Murph and Brennan laugh]

Kristen: I wanna know!

Fabian: We don't need him back.

Kristen: We need to make contact with somebody from here.

Fabian: He's going to shit in my mouth, all right.

Kristen: Go find him, honey.

Riz: We don’t need Chungledown Bim.

Kristen: We need Chungledown Bim!

Fabian: I have come a long way.

Kristen: What if he saw-- What if he saw Arian?

Fig: Hey, Kristen, Fabian's really delicate right now.

Fabian: I just got back, I just got back.

Kristen: We don't have to bring him here. I'll go to him once I finish this.

Brennan: Tracker looks at you and says,

Tracker: Kristen, if what we need is information about Arianwen, we could go
hit up Garthy again if you wanna go back to the Gold Gardens.

Kristen: Oh, that's a way better idea.

Gorgug: Have you met Chungledown Bim?

Kristen: I just looked—

Gorgug: Who's Chungledown Bim?

Murph: Fabian cried about Chungledown Bim, I guess.

Kristen: I've heard this name and I have dreams about it.

Lou: I'm just in the corner going,

Fabian: [rhythmically] I believe in you. Spring break. I believe in you.
Spring break.

Gorgug: Spring break!

Adaine: Great call, let’s go to the library.

The Boys: [pointing at each other] I believe in you. Spring break. I believe
in you!

Kristen: Let's talk to him. If it doesn't work out with Garthy, then
Chungledown Bim is a close second.

Tracker: We'll talk to him and we'll figure out something.

Fabian: Stop!

[Ally laughs]

Brennan: Cool. For those of you who are in— For those of you who are doing
research at the Compass Points, go ahead and give me whatever rolls you're
doing. For anyone who's gonna go talk to Garthy, let me know who's going to do
that.

Siobhan: I want to do two things at the library. I want to look at this
research, but I also want to see if there's records of any books that my
mother took out of the library, if she went to the library and I don't know if
she did.

Brennan: Cool. Give me an Arcana check for the first and an Investigation for
the second.

Siobhan: Great. So, I'm gonna use Boggy with the help action for both of them.

Brennan: Yep.

Siobhan: Oy. That's a 15 on the first one.

Brennan: We'll call that the Investigation.

Siobhan: Oh, okay. Oh, and a nat 20, and the other one was a 1.

Ally: Whoa!

Siobhan: Thank you Boggy.

Brennan: So, a nat 20.

Siobhan: And then, a nat 20 on the other.

Brennan: Okay. Investigation 15. You don't find any books that Arianwen took
out of here.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Cool. Um, uh, ba ba bum... So, what you find is this. The nat 20
arcana (Lou whistling) you dive into the hefty tomes taken from your mother's
research. These are written by mystics, shamans of the wood elves, centaurs,
treants, and sprites immediately during the run up to this council where the
worshippers and clerics of the Goddess of Mystery, the unnamed Goddess of
Mystery, were building up to destroy her name. There were certain [airquotes]
heretics that were driven out that were having prophetic dreams, and your
oracle shit is extremely relevant here because the dreams that these shamans
started having were basically ignored by the power structures of these
influential, high elven clerics working in Sylvaire. The Goddess of Mystery
sent visions, and from the four different tribes they saw what were called the
Four Trans-Substantiations, and you see four powerful effects. This Goddess of
Mystery, Magic, and Night, the word they used sometime is they call her a
Witch Goddess, and she apparently was not just a goddess of magic, but was
almost a goddess of spellcasters and a spellcaster herself because basically
the warning she gave is, "What you are doing is going to destroy me. Unmaking
my name is going to hurt me or destroy me." She performed four trans-
substantiations and a great trans-substantiation in anticipation before this
ritual happened to try to protect herself.

Siobhan: So, four regular trans-substantiations and one great—

Brennan: And one great.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: She turned her spellbook into a coin, she turned her familiar into a
plague, she turned her sanctum into a curse, and she turned her arcane focus
into a tree. On a nat 20, you can find something about what her arcane focus
was. Her arcane focus was a broomstick. And the final trans-substantiation was
she turned her name into something, but you don't know what she turned her
name into.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Now, with other investigation—

Siobhan: So, she actually wasn't unnamed because her name was changed before
the un-naming?

Emily: Her name still exists.

Zac: Is her name the crown?

Emily: It exists as something.

Brennan: It looks like she, before the mortals could do the ritual, she trans-
substantiated her own name to survive, preempt— whatever, right?

Zac: What if we're looking for a Nightmare Queen?

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Well, I do have a memory of-- I didn't write it down, so maybe I'm
misremembering this, but didn't you say that the Sylvairian language doesn't
have gender? Is that something that you said, or is something that I'm fully
making up in my brain?

Brennan: You might be fully making it up in your brain.

Siobhan: Sometimes I do that.

[Zac laughs]

Brennan: Cool. But, you might be making that up in your brain.

Siobhan: Great. Sick. So, just to reiterate, the spellbook became a coin, the
familiar became a plague, the sanctum became a curse, and the arcane focus
which was a broomstick, became a tree.

Brennan: Correct.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Riz, what did you get on your Investigation?

Murph: 23.

Brennan: 23\. You find within the stuff you're looking at as you're going
through it, one of the pieces where Arianwen's writing also mentions something
that in the original alliance between Kalvaxus and the Nightmare King, one of
the gifts that the Nightmare King gave to Kalvaxus as a vassal, being like, "I
bow to you. I'm one of your vassal servants," gave the gift of a single coin
to add to Kalvaxus' hoard.

Emily: Ah, that's gonna be the spellbook. Wait, we have his hoard.

Siobhan: We have his hoard.

Murph: Unless we gave away that.

Zac: But, when that hoard, his specific hoard, that bank got blown open, maybe
that was to get the coin?

Emily: Do we know that we directly received his coins or were they laundered
in some way?

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: Is that a question for someone in particular?

Siobhan: I feel like Arthur Aguefort is the one that gave us the money.

Emily: Yeah, we could ask Arthur.

Murph: Do we find anything else?

Brennan: I'm looking at it right now. Did anyone else make any other rolls?

Emily: No, I'm gonna go to Garthy.

Brennan: You're gonna go to Garthy. Cool.

Zac: Just working on the Hangman.

(laughing)

Lou: I'll roll. Do I know that Gorgug is working on the Hangman?

Zac: I'm trying to hide it.

Lou: Well then, I don't go looking for him. I'll roll with them to Garthy.

Brennan: Cool. You roll with them to Garthy's. You're doing Hallow and
Tracker's actually gonna help you with Hallow.

Ally: Okay.

Emily: Yeah, okay. We can go. I gotta get away from here.

Brennan: So Fabian and Fig, you go to talk to Garthy.

Lou: Cool.

Emily: Yeah.

Fabian: We haven't hung out in a minute.

Fig: I know. You look great. Dance looks great on you.

Fabian: Hey, honestly it was really cool to watch you kick the shit out of
[stumbles] Fathethriel.

Fig: Yeah. You know, he was fucked up. I hate him.

Fabian: Yeah. Solid. I'm about it.

[Emily laughs]

Fig: Yeah, let's go. Wait, what are we talking to Garthy about?

Fabian: Not sure. Let's hand.

Fig: Sorry. I've been in kinda my own head. I got kinda fucked up there.

Brennan: Ragh's gonna go with you guys—

Lou: Cool.

Brennan: \--to Garthy's. You see that Ragh looks over and he's like,

Ragh: [to Fig] Hey, I know it was about your own shit going on, but when we
got back after the tower, Fathethriel said some really messed up stuff. So,
good looking out.

Fig: Oh.

Ragh: He was weird. He was mean.

Fig: Good.

Ragh: He was mean to me.

Fig: I wish I could say I was doing it as an act of justice, but it was a
personal vendetta. He just really embarrassed me.

Ragh: Yeah, I hear that.

Fig: You know? I hope he has a really painful cramp shit.

Ragh: Did you say you did a curse to make Aelwyn fart?

Fig: Okay, follow me. This was my game plan.

Fabian: Okay.

Fig: If she's invisible— I didn't know it was Aelwyn at the time.

Fabian: Uh-huh. Yeah.

Fig: If she's invisible, then I could track her via scent, but then she
teleported and I—

Fabian: Yo. That's an amazing plan and if it'd worked out I think you'd be on
my shoulders for sure.

Fig: Thank you so much. Thank you so much!

Fabian: If that had worked out that would've been awesome.

Fig: Thank you so much.

Fabian: That would've be awesome!

Fig: I love this support. Thank you.

Fabian: Damn, dude!

Fig: I need this right now.

Fabian: Oh, spring break!

Fig: Spring break.

Fabian: I believe in you.

Fig: Thank you! Also, whatever Fathethriel said that I said to him is a total
lie.

Ragh: What?

Fabian: What did you say to him?

Fig: Nothing. I just made—

Ally: Wow. Wow.

Fig: I'm just saying I think this guy spreads lies and I bet I will be the
subject of one.

Brennan: The last stuff that Riz finds with a 23 on that investigation has to
do with notes left on Arianwen's research by the elven government. That have
to do with them finding out that Arianwen was planning on betraying them.
Basically, what you're able to piece together is that Arianwen had worked out
a deal that if she could bring the crown of the Nightmare King back to
Fallinel, the government would release Aelwyn and return the Abernant family
to some position of whatever and the government just didn't honor that, and
they found research Arianwen was doing on people outside of Fallinel that
understood curse breaking, and you see information about Garthy O'Brien and
finding them as an external curse breaker. People that go to Garthy, you guys
are back in the Gold Gardens. As you arrive back at the Gold Gardens you see
life and music and fun, people are having a good time, people drinking and
dancing, you see Garthy over in their normal spot. They look over and go,

Garthy: Oh, my goodness gracious. Look, it's a couple of-- My goodness. Lovey.
You're standing so tall and straight. I love it.

[cheerful string music]

Fabian: What can I say? I'm back. We're back. And we need you.

Fig: Yeah.

Garthy: Very well. What can I do you for?

Fabian: Well, Fig.

Fig: [whispers] What are we supposed to ask them?

Fabian: What?

Emily: Am I close enough to message Adaine?

Fig: Adaine, we're talking to Garthy and we can't remember what we're supposed
to ask about.

Fabian: Anyway—

Fig: Shit, my Message is broken. I swear.

Fabian: The most awesome thing.

Siobhan: [laughs] I’m so far away.

Brennan: Both of you guys just give me a straight up Persuasion check.

Emily: Okay. I got a [laughs] Oh, okay. I got a 15.

Lou: 18.

Brennan: 15, 18. Cool. You guys sit down with Garthy. Garthy goes,

Garthy: So, you're on a mission here and we're not exactly specific on what—

Fig: Yeah. I was sort of in a situation that I needed to get out of somewhere,
and this was the other option. So then I tagged along.

Garthy: Understandable. All right. Well, I wanted to actually apologize, if I
could, because I might've given you some bad information earlier.

Fabian: Oh.

Fig: Oh, really?

Brennan: You see, they say,

Garthy: I told you that Adaine's mother, she came in with the crown and all.

Fig: Yeah.

Garthy: She went to an elven ship that was bound for Fallinel.

Fabian: You had mentioned that.

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: Right?

Garthy: Darlings, the ship was not bound to Fallinel. That was put on the log
books. The ship rerouted. Somebody saw it take harbor off the coast of the
forest of the Nightmare King.

Fig: I knew you were gonna say that.

Fabian: It tracks.

Fig: It tracks.

Fabian: It tracks.

Garthy: There's a little village up the cliff side from the coast. It's
called-- Oh, what is it? It's called Arborly.

Fig: Arborly.

Fabian: Arborly?

Fig: Arborly, that sounds like somewhere that would have a lot of trees.

Brennan: You see that-- You actually already rolled for this, Fig. You rolled
for this months ago when you did your roll in the very first session of
Sophomore Year. There is a venue manager in Solace who was at that party where
you heard people talk about the Nightmare King, who you played at a lot of
this person's venues. They have a family home called Holly Hill in Arborly,
and in a drunken night of rockstar partying, were basically like,

Venue Manager: [drunk] Anytime you wanna stay at Holly Hill, you wanna come
through and do a show, you go. You go. Mi casa es su casa, okay?

Fig: Great, great.

Fig: [to Fabian] I'll just tell them I'm working on a new album and I wanna do
a little party.

Fabian: Tight.

Brennan: So, you know about-- What you would know about Arborly that basically
the person told you is it's a wood elf, forest gnome sanctuary that has a lot
of wood elves that are part of this process to slowly start to reclaim
Sylvaire as much as they can, but you also know that they are being-- There's
some magical border that's stopping them. You immediately recognize from what
Riz found out is this infernal warlock thing that only devils or the infernal
can allow people passage through this boundary. So Garthy says,

Garthy: So, apologies for the misinformation, but it was all done very hush-
hush. There's some sort of secret where the ship put a different thing in the
log books than it did on what it actually ended up doing.

Fig: How long ago was that?

Garthy: That would be probably... a month or two ago at this point.

Fig: Okay. How long does it take to travel by ship there?

Garthy: By ship? It's like about, y’know, five or six days.

Fig: Okay.

Fabian: What if we could teleport?

Fig: Yeah, I think we'll probably teleport.

Fabian: Yeah, we’ll teleport.

Fig: I'm trying to figure out a timeline when she's out there.

Zac: It'll only be a month or 20.

Fig: We're pretty used to teleporting now. It’s just something we do, big
time.

Fabian: Yeah, we do it all the time. We're big time teleporters.

Fig: Big time. If they got frequent teleport miles, we got 'em.

Fabian: We would always be in the lounge.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: Garthy sort of wishes you guys farewell.

Lou: Oh, they don't wanna come?

Brennan: You see Garthy says,

Garthy: No, I think that I'll be remaining here in my place of business.

Fabian: Oh, come on.

Garthy: Oh, are you trying to get me to toddle off on an adventure?

Fabian: I'm going through a whole kind of rebirth thing where I'm kinda doing
me, and I don't know. You've been doing this for a long time.

Fig: Ooh!

Fabian: What if you got out there?

Fig: Ooh.

Emily: I'm gonna Bardic Inspiration, just in case he needs a little.

Brennan: You see that Garthy looks. Well, you guys have your 15 and 18
Persuasion.

Emily: Oh, right, right, right.

Brennan: So, you see that Garthy says,

Garthy: Darling.

Fabian: Garthy.

Garthy: Here is the honest to goodness truth, and I say this knowing that
you're walking around with a dragon's hoard, yeah. You simply can't afford me,
and I'm so sorry. But, I would be delighted to hold a revelry in your honor
upon your return to the Gold Gardens and we'll hear all about your fabulous
exploits.

Fig: One last quick question. Do you have any experience with identifying rare
coins?

Garthy: Identifying rare coins? I can identify here and there, lovey. I'm
happy to appraise where and when I can.

Emily: I show them all my money.

Fig: Anything look off?

Fabian: Just get in there. Go ahead.

Fig: Get in there. Sniff it. This one's chocolate. Ignore that one.

Garthy: It looks like gold coins to me.

Fabian: Okay, what about this one?

Lou: I pull out my bag.

Brennan: They go,

Garthy: Oh, my goodness. That's all deeply cursed. I'm gonna take that off
your hands.

[Emily laughs]

Garthy: I'm gonna take it out of your hands. No, listen.

Fabian: Does this, does this feel like--?

Garthy: Listen. It's all right because it's actually, and you know what, I am
a touch of a curse breaker.

Fabian: Yes you are.

Garthy: But, the issue is I have to break it on each one, so why don't I hold
onto it.

Fabian: All right.

Garthy: And, over the course of weeks--

Fabian: Oh, it's gonna take weeks? Weeks?

Garthy: It's going to take some time.

Fabian: Garthy. Garthy.

Garthy: What?

Fabian: My father was a pirate. I know a ruse when I see one.

Garthy: A ruse? I've been accused of lying in my place of business.

Fabian: [laughs] You know what? I'm glad you're not coming because if this is
what—

Garthy: I’m a deeply nice person, lovey! Well, have it your way.

Fabian: Can't wait for the party.

Fig: Yeah, start working on that party.

Brennan: You see--

Fig: I am straight edge, except for drugs. So, plan accordingly.

[Siobhan laughs]

Garthy: What does that, what do you mean straight edge except for drugs?

Fig: It means I don't drink.

Fabian: And, I'm sober now.

Garthy: Oh.

Fabian: Full sober.

Garthy: Congratulations.

Fig: I might do that. Actually, I'm gonna go—

Fabian: I don't think I ever really started drinking. I was doing snuff for a
minute. I had a big snuff night, but apart from that.

Fig: You know what? I think I could go straight edge, except for
hallucinogens.

Fabian: Ooh, that's it. That counts.

Fig: Yeah.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: You see-- You guys arrive back at the Compass Points. You guys are
doing research. You guys are still casting Hallow. Gorgug, go ahead and give
me-- You're doing mending. Give me a tinker's tool check.

Zac: Okay. So, that's plus 5?

Brennan: Plus 5.

Siobhan: Can I give him the help action, since I was helping him with the Mend
spell earlier?

Brennan: Yes. Yes, you can.

Zac: 22.

Brennan: 22\. You are there, working on the Hangman. Adaine has to leave
partway through Mending. You see Fabian's old, discarded Owlbears jacket and
there's some things you're trying to buff out that aren't quite coming out.
You see a little tin of wax in Fabian's letter jacket pocket, and it's just a
little thing of motorcycle polish.

Zac: I open it.

Brennan: You open it. As you open the thing, you take it out and start putting
it on there, start fixing it, ratcheting something. You figure out how to put
things back together. As you're putting it all back together, you finally find
this one last part. You put that wax in that last seal and suddenly you hear
(aggressive rumbling) (throaty explosion) Fire appears in the eyes of the
Hangman.

Hangman: (gasping) Master, I'm sorry. Stab me as much as you need to. Hey.

Gorgug: Oh, hey. Hangman. I'm not your master, but I did fix you. I fixed
something.

(laughing)

Brennan: You see that Hangman rights itself, looks at you and says,

Hangman: You have fixed me?

Gorgug: Yes. I've been trying to fix stuff for a while, and it hasn't really
worked out, so it's really surprising that this worked out.

Brennan: You see, as you are holding these tools in your hand, you feel this
sense of accomplishment and pride come over you. You were raised by two
gnomes. You know how to fix stuff. You see Hangman looks at you and says,

Hangman: I do not know by what magic you have brought me back from the brink,
but know this, I behold the greatest wizard of our age.

Gorgug: [nodding solemnly] You do.

Hangman: I have to find my master!

Brennan: And, the Hangman tears off. Fabian, as you and Fig come back in the
late afternoon, you hear-

[low rumbling]

[Zac laughs]

Fabian: Do you hear that? Is that a boat?

Fig: Is that Aelwyn. Is it Aelwyn?

Fabian: It doesn't look like a storm.

Murph: [laughs] “Is it Aelwyn?”

Zac: Oh, can I ride it out?

Brennan: You wanna ride it? Sure.

Zac: I'm just like holding it. It's skidding on the ground.

Brennan: It's going fast. You guys see Gorgug riding the Hangman, peel around
the corner.

Fabian: What? What, what, what?

Brennan: The Hangman--

Fabian: What?

Brennan: The wheel runs up you and the Hangman leaps up on you. It deals 5
points of damage.

Fabian: Ow, ow, ow! Ow!

Hangman: Master! Master, I am so sorry.

Fabian: Ow. I relay—

Hangman: I'm so sorry. Will you stab me?

Fabian: What? You were broken! Oh.

Ally: [laughs] Whoa.

Fabian: Everything is-- What happened? How did you-- What happened? Did you--
Who did this?

Gorgug: I guess I...

Hangman: Master Thistlespring summoned the hellish flame from beyond the ken
of mortal men. He reached into the nine pits and grasped my soul with fiery
claws.

Fabian: Did you go to Hell again?

Gorgug: I just put some pipes together mostly, but I guess in a sense, I went
to Hell.

Brennan: For those at home, Gorgug's ninth level is one level of artificer.

Emily: Yay! [claps]

Ally: Yay!

Zac: So, pretty smart now.

Lou: Wow.

Zac: Still very dumb, actually, but I have a tinkerer's tool.

Fig: Can you make me a chain wallet?

Gorgug: I'll work on it right now. (laughing) I'm sorry that your dad's gone,
and we'll get him back.

Fig: Oh, yeah. Thanks.

Gorgug: You should say that.

Fabian: Hey, Gorgug? You're a true friend and I'm gonna buy you an orange.
It's a thing. It's a pirate thing.

Fig: Yeah, I know. I've heard. I think I read a book.

Brennan: Ayda over in the corner, crying tears of flames.

Ayda: A whole orange, that's extremely meaningful.

Gorgug: Thank you.

Fabian: No, thank you.

Lou: I kneel down to pet my motorcycle like a dog.

Emily: Aw!

Hangman:[engine growls] I am so sorry.

Fabian: I'm so sorry.

Hangman: I'm so sorry.

Fabian: I stabbed you.

Hangman: I let you stab me and you didn't like that.

Fabian: I was too sad and I thought you were just full dead and I just kind of
abandoned you.

Hangman: I abandoned you by being full dead!

Fabian: No, you can't abandon me. You're a motorcycle.

Brennan: The Hangman is so delighted to be back, the end of the following day,
the next day, Kristen, you finish and you see a reverberating magic. What do
you think Kristen's magic looks like in this moment as you complete the Hallow
on the van?

Ally: I know this is kinda messed up, but I think I'm really liking everything
I learned about this God of Doubt. So, it kinda looks Kalina-esque.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Kalina-esque.

Brennan: So, you see that in this world where this partially destroyed goddess
was Galicaea's sister, the final test in the spell, Tracker takes your hand in
hers and you see the power of the moon flows from her and in the farthest away
from Helio you've ever gotten, pure energy of night just surrounds the van.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: The darkness of the unknown. Not a night of dread or menace, but the
true night of who knows what's waiting for us out there.

Ally: Cool. So, it's kinda like her god, the moon, and my god, this unknown,
and we're doing this freaky sister magic?

Brennan: Yes. Absolutely.

Ally: Great. Scissor sister magic.

[Ally, Emily, and Brennan laugh]

Brennan: You complete the spell. Ayda looks at all of you and says,

Ayda: I'm going to take you and this new Hallowed place that Kristen has
created to Arborly. After that, I will have to return to Leviathan. A bunch of
pirates broke in while I was gone and stole a bunch of stuff.

Adaine: Oh, no.

Ayda: It's okay. There's a reason that I really can't leave, so I'm going to
find them, kill them, take my books back, and then I'm going to start to
shrink the Compass Points sort of piece by piece until it's very, very small
so that I can bring it to be with you guys as best friends.

Adaine: Great. Sending us— We're sending each other postcards.

Ayda: Okay.

Kristen: Can you say hi to Chungledown Bim for me?

Fabian: Stop. Honestly--

Ayda: I don't know who that is.

Kristen: I don't know who it is either. I just love him.

Fabian: I am doing so well. The only thing that could ruin this day is if
Chungledown Bim looked me dead in my eyes—

Kristen: I'm so sorry.

Fabian: And told me he's gonna shit in my mouth.

Brennan: The Hangman says,

Hangman: Sire. By the nine Hells and all the malice of the pit, I will shit in
Chungledown Bim's mouth.

Fabian: Yes. Yes, we'll figure, Gorgug will help us figure out how to make you
shit and then we'll find Chungledown Bim.

Hangman: Give me a-- Give me a mechanical stomach and butthole that I might
shit in his mouth.

Zac moves to roll a D20.

[Brennan laughs]

Zac: Nat 1.

[Ally and Brennan laugh]

Brennan: Nat 1. You don't know how you would begin to do this.

Ally: You give yourself a mechanical stomach.

Brennan: Ayda says,

Ayda: Best of luck in the next leg of your journey. I will join you after you
have completed your quest.

Brennan: She says,

Ayda: And now, as my final favor to you, my best friends, my best friends.
[quick intake of breath] God, it means a lot. This is hard emotionally. To
Arborly and your success in the retaking of the Nightmare King's crown.

[music changes to something somber]

Brennan: Ayda brings you through a flash of fire into a dark, dim forest.
Around you, trees rise in all directions, knotted and gnarled in the shadow of
the Nightmare King's forest. You look around you and see structures hidden in
the darkness of the trees. You perceive beyond this place things hidden,
thorns off in the distance of the woods. You see mist gathering, and then you
turn to look behind you and you see a really nice, well-appointed mansion,
like a very sick house built partially into the trees, doors carved into the
woods of the living trees going up into platforms and branches and tree
houses, and you see the gates of Holly Hill, [gestures to Emily] the manor you
were told about.

Fig: I think I know the key code here.

Adaine: Oh.

Fabian: Sick.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: What is it?

Gorgug: One, two, three, four?

Fig: One, two, three, five.

All: Oh!

Brennan: And, that's all for this week. (laughing) Fantasy High Sophomore
Year. Tune in next week. We'll be continuing Adventures of the Bad Kids, the
Quest to Reclaim the Crown of the Nightmare King. Thanks for watching, guys.
Bye!

All: Bye!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 12: Crustaceans &
Crushes](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSt_Z0e9A1GlCDuhZ8RcdUc5XAAOBtBOJvqudzEQo8z5p3JOQXWt7CRL-
xNPyA06uwyNPTiVxiKhpTg/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650543747208&usg=AOvVaw2ZSck3P32lQnlUgyxX0TlG)]

* * *

Edited by: gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjox4smlU2VTHQvozQ5fVfuo1z0vLja5fm_sfFq-
ICPLB3spYbPSpl45P0ZDkhXJU3Ms9EO-bV1eXBjtmUuA:0)

Episode 12: Crustaceans & Crushes

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 12: Crustaceans & Crushes

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRFPuQItsiadZYaCtE9ufwkyoOiz2YDEEQOTrVu1ADll9hlT9vaj6zodFP-3cStF85QBwTCdcd7St5f/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650546486226&usg=AOvVaw01YmKbpm1dHHeC-
aAsiWNl)] | [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRxXRQiLy1p6YWdQmX7brMRvZpb_Ud9b-OsPIUKktSju16csS_-81OwqdEDqh0eOtve9R45oAs9fYMY/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650546486664&usg=AOvVaw0grB7alTqGoWWQFWuT1T_k)]
>

This transcript is unfinished!

Want to edit it? [Here’s the link to the Google
Doc](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1VETWIOsW5X03gvMwzONfyIeLYFmKXf_gobaNYjvA-
xE/edit%23&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650546487146&usg=AOvVaw0n6Dg6AOe_ri7sZCQc2oeQ).

Please log any contributions you make
[here](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c7lfCkIDpYKYlunT2nrD5el9bmd96wydnhE_qZR0Bfk/edit%23heading%3Dh.xteagvr9u7t4&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650546487490&usg=AOvVaw3Te1bQreqAEiIniHVlaWWZ).

[heroic orchestral music playing]

Brennan: Hello, one and all, and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live presents.

Lou: (laughing) I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

Ally: It wasn't even close.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: \- Fantasy High Sophomore Year. I'm your humble dungeon master,
Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me, as always, our intrepid heroes. Say hi,
intrepid heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan: Oh, boy. First of all, thank you so much for tuning in. This is
Dimension 20 Live. You guys can check us out. We're an actual play show. We
got a whole bunch of seasons of this that you can go watch. This is season two
of Fantasy High. You can see season one on DropOut.tv where also every
Thursday, that means in a couple hours from now it will be Thursday, we're
also screening Dimension 20 Tiny Heist. It's a little side quest of crime and
borrowers and tiny little people.

Also, DropOut has recently had a big revamp. DropOut 2.0 is out. Now, you can
download videos to watch offline. You can have your phone in your pocket and
be listening to Dimension 20, if you want. All brand new features, very, very
cool. If you have trouble logging into your DropOut account if you're already
a DropOut subscriber, go ahead and hit up our customer support and they'll get
you sorted out 'cause we did this big, new revamp and it's very cool, but if
you find that your password's not working or whatever, just go ahead and hit
up our customer support.

Awesome. To do a little recap of last session, our heroes, the Bad Kids, teen
adventurers from the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, the world of Spyre's
premier high school for heroes, are on the quest to retrieve the crown of the
Nightmare King, and they have just teleported from the pirate city of
Leviathan to Arborly, a little village in the misty deep woods on the border
of Sylvaire, the forest of the Nightmare King. They have come here after
learning a tremendous amount from stolen books and research, learning about
the history of the unnamed, mysterious Goddess of Mystery and Magic, the
ancient goddess of Sylvaire, having learned more about Kalina, the Shadow Cat,
with a very potent scrying spell, and however, not all was victorious last
time, for indeed Adaine's sister, Aelwyn Abernant, stole her spell book and
the Devil's Heart ruby containing Gorthalax the Insatiable, and teleported
away, disappearing. Our heroes find themselves in the middle of the night in
the village of Arborly, and we arrive now in the deep forest.

[soft ambient music plays; vaguely creepy]

Brennan: [hushed] Looking around you, you see tall and ancient trees. The air
is chill, but also damp. Mist clings to the floor and though the fog is not
visible, you can not see roiling, billowing clouds of fog, visibility here is
limited, sound muffled by an ambient mist hanging in the air, much dispersed,
but present enough to make the far away leaves blur and vanish beyond a short
distance. The trees here are not small, but tower overhead, unlike the
straight, golden limbed trees of Fallinel, these are curling, twisting
branches, limbs, and trunks creating circles and curves of spaces seen between
the limbs and branches so that, as you walk through this place, curves of
trees eclipse each other and images of glades and grottoes [snaps] vanish in a
moment as you walk.

The forest has a way of obscuring itself through you as you move. Down to the
forest floor, there are deep, thick ferns and overgrowth. Vines grow up around
the trees, there are tall reeds in areas where the grass becomes so high that
it becomes reedy, and up above the top of your head even, but you see there's
a small, kept path through the grasses and ferns of flagstones that leads to a
iron gate. The gate is in an old stone wall around a massive tree. This tree
is Holly Hill, which is the manor that your music business associate
inherited.

(laughing)

Brennan: This is like an old family estate. So, that thing of like, "Oh, my
family moved to Spyre a couple generations ago, but we inherited this place
back in Arborly." This gnome's name is Grover Tillythatch, which is the venue
executive that you knew in Spyre. Holly Hill is a sort of gnome-ish manor, so
what you see is the tree is this tall, enormous tree and set into the base of
it there is a little birdhouse, almost, but an exquisitely wrought, shingled
birdhouse, but set into the ground with a little curved, rounded-edged door.
The door is big enough for human-sized people to move through, which lets you
guys know that this thing is exquisite. This is like a big manor house for
gnomes, but for you guys, for Gorgug, you had to duck your head to get through
here.

Gorgug: I’m used to it.

(laughing)

Riz: Look at this mansion.

Brennan: Up above, you see that the inside of the tree must be hollowed out
because you see birdhouses, little hammocks, rope bridges, little sort of
circular platforms high up above where the branches splay out and turn into
leaves and the canopy of the forest that you are in. Anyone here that wants to
can go ahead and make a Perception check for me.

(dice rolling)

Ally: Ey.

Emily: 15. Probably not the biggest number.

Siobhan: Also a 15.

Emily: Ooh!

Ally: 23.

Lou: A cool 6.

Murph: Also, a 15.

(laughing)

Siobhan: We're sleepy.

Brennan: Kristen.

Siobhan: It's dark in here.

Brennan: You look out at the edges of the forest, away from Holly Hill.
Everyone's sort of looking ahead, you turn around and look behind you. You see
a place where the trees begin to grow so thick that there is no dirt between
them. The trees stop spacing out, so trunks and roots just commingle and begin
to come up, almost like a massive wall, like all these trees just blended
together and have this huge canopy, and where there would be gaps between
them, you see, truly 80 feet tall of thick, barbed, razor-sharp briars, a
enormous wall of thorns that fills the gaps in this huge layer of trees. As
tall as the trees are out here, you see that wall made of thorns and tree
trunks mixed together, and it dwarfs anything out here. It almost looks like a
tidal wave frozen in place, like this forest wanted to keep rolling out and
you see the gnarled branches of a green so dark that it borders almost on a
purple or something so deep and profoundly menacing that you can see it like
an oil slick on the leaves up at that larger, impending forest stopped there.

Fig: So, we might need to hang glide into the Forest of the Nightmare King.

Adaine: Hell, yeah.

Fabian: I think that sounds about right.

Kristen: Definitely. That's what I was just gonna say.

Adaine: Well, we have an artificer now.

Gorgug: I’m on it.

Fabian: Yes.

Fig: Build us a hang glider.

Kristen: There's a big wall. We gotta go hang glide into it.

Adaine: Can the van hang glide?

Gorgug: I'll ask it.

Kristen: Yeah.

Brennan: What do you guys do as you--

Ally: Are we walking distance to that wall?-

Brennan: Yeah. It seems like it might be 30 minutes away.

Ally: Oh, okay, yeah.

Brennan: With that high Perception, by the way, you also look, and it's hard,
again, seeing through the mist. Obviously, you see no definition, really, on
any of the stuff you're seeing. You can just see it 'cause it's so enormous,
but you with a 23 can spot other platforms. You're like, "Okay, this is not
just a little gnome-ish manor in the middle of nothingness," you are literally
like, "Oh, we're in a town,” but it doesn't look like a town. It looks like
wilderness, and then you're like, "Oh, these are like wood elves and gnomes
that live here." They've constructed their town to be hard to spot.

Riz: We should talk to Grover before we go sneaking around too much.

Fig: Can I borrow someone's phone? I don't think that my phone will call
Grover.

Fabian: I don't think any of them work.

Gorgug: Can we knock?

Fabian: Do our phones work now?

Fig: Oh, is Grover not there?

Brennan: It doesn't look like Grover's there.

Fig: Yeah, I think I would have to--

Riz: Did Grover say that it was okay to go in his house?

Fig: All he said was that there are three hot tubs.

Kristen: That's all he said?

Adaine: Well, isn't the code one, two, three, five?

Fabian: Let's just give it a buzz, shall we?

Adaine: It's one, two, three, five, right?

Fig: One, two, three, five. We can get in.

Lou: Can I go up— is there like a thing—

Brennan: You go up and see that there is a piece of Spyre technology on the
outside of this, there's a little key pad. You see that this is about 10 years
old. You immediately clock this as not very recent.

Gorgug: Not the newest—

(Brennan laughing)

Kristen: Well, does the code work?

Emily: I try one, two, three, five.

Brennan: Be-beep. Goes green, and you hear something unlock in the little iron
gate.

Fig: What did I say? Has your girl ever not delivered?

Kristen: Yeah, multiple times, actually.

(laughing)

Fabian: Yes! Have you ever? Not ever? Maybe if we're looking at the full
breadth.

Kristen: Maybe more than you have delivered, not to really beat you when
you're down.

Adaine: It's always entertaining when you don't.

Gorgug: None of us have really delivered that much.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, right, right.

Adaine: Yeah, right, right.

Fabian: No one's holding you to that expectation.

Emily: I dive headfirst into a hot tub.

(Siobhan laughing)

Brennan: Awesome. You run--

Fabian: You gotta heat those things up.

(laughing)

Ally: Oh, god.

Brennan: You guys run inside. What are you guys gonna do with the Hangvan
right now? Because, the Hangvan hasn't really moved since Fallinel. You guys
teleported it to Leviathan, and then teleported again.

Emily: Right.

Murph: Can we bring it beyond the gate?

Zac: Yeah, what's going on through this gate? Is there a garage situation
somewhere?

Emily: Oh, I'll go inside and I'll look for a garage opener.

Brennan: You're looking around, you're suddenly like, "Oh, boy.” This whole
situation with the van here, there's no roads and the terrain is so un-level,
you're in deep forest now.

Kristen: Is there-- Let's talk quietly 'cause I don't wanna offend the van,
but is there a way to take that crystal out so that we preserve, and we can
keep the van where it is, but if it gets fucked with, we didn't lose--

Fig: In the hang glider.

Gorgug: Well, the van's pretty cool, I should say.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: What about if I cast--

Kristen: Oh, well the van itself-- of course, of course, the van is really
cool.

Fabian: Yeah, can it change? I mean it turned into a boat. Could it turn into
a little van?

Riz: Can we ask the van--

Gorgug: I'll talk to the van. I'll talk to the van.

Fig: How about a lawnmower or a thorn-mower.

Fabian: Ooh, can it turn into a thorn-mower?

Adaine: What about a kind of thing that can walk over a devil wall?

Fabian: Yeah, could it turn into a Gundam?

Fig: Could we give it spider walk? Spider walk?

(laughing)

Adaine: Yeah, is it a Transformer? Is the van a Transformer?

Gorgug: I'll go ask the van. I'll go ask the van.

(laughing)

Kristen: Can we move the Hangman inside? Is he small enough?

Siobhan: Can I cast Fly on the Hangvan?

Brennan: Can you cast Fly on the Hangvan?

Siobhan: It's a willing creature. Does the Hangvan count as a creature?

Brennan: I'm going to say that because--

Siobhan: What about if I do it as a fifth level?

Brennan: In canon, the Hang Van cannot control itself. I'm gonna say no.

Siobhan: Dang.

(groaning)

Brennan: It is a vehicle.

Zac: Can I go to the Hangvan?

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Murph: Brennan was just running through all the possibilities of the things
you could do with a flying van in the future.

[Music change - happy, tropical ukulele]

(laughing)

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Cut it. Cut it.

Murph: I could see that. I was like, he would be fine with it right now, but
you know the big bad at the end, it would just be like we fly away in our
flying car.

(cast laughing)

Lou: We get in our flying car and we leave.

Brennan: A flying car that I've allowed you to cast Hallow on, so it's like,
"It's a flying car with infinite space inside that we're impossible to fuck
with while we're in."

(laughing)

Brennan: Cool. You go over, you see that the Hangvan starts playing some music
and goes,

Hangvan: Oh, boy. Looks like we got the crash pad. Look at it, gang. Hey!

Gorgug: Hey, hey.

Zac: Just sort of dancing. I'm going to the Hangvan.

Ally: I'm watching this and just being like, "I don't do all that."

Gorgug: Hey, dude. I was just gonna ask you, we're going through this forest,
not such a great road-friendly, van-friendly space.

Hangvan: Oh.

Gorgug: Is there anything you can do? I'm wondering if we can figure out a way
to make you be able to cut through or get smaller. We can't fold you up or
anything like that, right?

Hangvan: Dang. You know, if I were a cool, fresh slice of 'za, I'd say fold
away, man, but I'm full—

(Emily laughing)

Hangvan: —I'm a full vehicle, so--

Gorgug: Sure.

Hangvan: My gut instinct would be, and by gut I guess I mean my engine—
(laughing)

Emily: He's on fire today. He's on fire. Ditch him.

Lou: Ditch him.

(laughing)

Hangvan: — Would be, I don't know how to do that myself.

Gorgug: Sure.

Hangvan: But, I'm super down if you wanna make me fold-up-able or anything
like that.

Gorgug: Well, I don't know if it's in my means to be able to do that. I just
wasn't sure if I could press a button or something to make that happen, but I
could tinker around, see what's going on.

Zac: Can I make a check to see if there's anything with the van that--

Brennan: Yeah, give me a tinker's tool check.

Zac: Okay.

(dice rolling)

Zac: 7.

Brennan: 7.

Siobhan: Can I help him with that?

Brennan: Sure. Adaine can give you the help action.

(dice rolling)

Zac: 13.

Brennan: 13\. You look at it. This is like an intense project that you could--
you think there's a way to accomplish this. You would just need resources and
a workshop. Repairing the Hangman was helped by the Mending cantrip, Fabian's
wax that had a specific, magical attachment to the Hangman, plus your ability
to use the parts-- like, you just had to repair damage that had been done to
stuff. This is giving a functionality to a thing that doesn't have it.

Zac: For sure.

Brennan: But, if you had a workspace-- you would just, it's a question of
resources.

Zac: Gotcha.

Brennan: You would just need some stuff. It doesn't feel impossible to do.

Gorgug: Why don't we just cover it in some leaves?

Kristen: Okay.

Fabian: Chill.

Fig: Okay.

Adaine: Great. Works for me.

Kristen: Is that where we wanna sleep tonight?

Fig: Can I do a Performance check—

Kristen: 'Cause I know we have this whole house.

Fig: \-- on these leaves to make them very-- I think I'm gonna sleep in the
house just because it seems like a rare opportunity to have a private balcony.

Adaine: I’m just worried that the-- We've kind of forgotten the Nightmare
King.

Kristen: We're so close to the Nightmare King.

Fabian: We'll do a once over and we'll make sure it's chill, and if it’s
chill--

Kristen: I'm sleeping in the van.

Zac: Can we put the van-- There's no big, open doorway in this tree, right?
That a van could fit in?

Brennan: Big, open doorway.

Zac: It's not kinda like an indoor/outdoor open space?

Lou: Yeah, like a patio, big patio sliding door.

Emily: If it was a hollow tree, maybe you could just drive it--

Ally: Big patio sliding door.

Brennan: Everyone go ahead and give me an Investigation check.

Fabian: All right, everyone go find a big door for the van to drive into.

Murph: You’re gonna regret that.

Brennan: I'm gonna regret that!

Emily: I got a dirty 20.

Murphy: 22.

Siobhan: I also got a dirty—

Ally: 5.

Siobhan: Oh, 23.

Emily: No matter what, I'd like to find something cool, thank you.

Siobhan: Investigation 23.

Brennan: Investigation, got you.

Zac: 2 minus 1. 1.

Adaine: What about if I-- I can't do it yet, 'cause I would have to sleep, but
I do have Enlarge/Reduce.

Kristen: Oh! That’s important.

Adaine: I would have to take a long rest, but I can Enlarge/Reduce the van.

Gorgug: For now, we could just park the van next to the house.

Fabian: Well, did anyone find a big door?

Fig: Oh, yeah. Did anyone find a big door? French doors?

Brennan: You guys, there is an area of the sort of fence that you see does
have a little latch on it that you can pull aside and bring it into the
interior of the yard, next to the tree.

Ally: We do that.

Murph: So, we just bring it onto the property.

Brennan: As you jump in and turn the van on, you guys hear a muffled noise
coming from either under the hood or somewhere near the front of the van.

Fig: Gilear, get out of there!

Brennan: (muffled screaming)

Gorgug: I turn the engine off and I pop the hood.

[whistling, good vibes, beach music]

Brennan: You don't see anything under the hood.

Fig: Oh.

Gorgug: Hello?

Fabian: Turn off the radio. This feels...

(all laughing)

Riz: Where's Gilear, by the way?

Fig: Yeah, where—

Riz: Gilear?

Fig: Gilear?

Brennan: You guys hear another noise like (muffled shouting)

Siobhan: Can I check underneath the van?

Fig: Okay, that's gotta be Gilear.

Brennan: You check underneath the van. Gilear is caught up in the front left
wheel well of the van.

[Lou punches into his hand as both Ally and Emily cover their faces]

(Emily high-pitched laughing)

Fabian: Gilear…

Adaine: How did that happen?

Brennan: You see that—

[Emily punches her hands together twice, doubled over in laughter]

Riz: Did you just break the rules of teleport, Gilear? You got stuck in—

Brennan: You see that there is a clear tear on the hem of his trousers that
got caught in the axle of the front left wheel and he got kinda sucked up into
the wheel well, and also there is sort of an apple that got jammed into his
mouth. It looks like he was in the middle of eating an apple.

Gorgug: Gilear, we kinda forgot about you last week.

Ally: Do we see his butt?

Brennan: What's that? Did you see his what?

Ally: Do we see his butt?

Lou: Do we see his butt?

Ally: Did his pants get ripped off?

Murph: Like a pig on a spear.

Emily: I Sleight of Hand to pull up his pants. I Sleight of Hand to pull up
his pants. I got an 8. I got an 8.

Brennan: 8, Sleight of Hand to pull up his pants. Cool.

(Ally laughing)

Emily: Wait, no, no, no.

Riz: Fig what are you doing?

Emily: I got a 10.

Adaine: Stop touching his butt. That's so inappropriate.

Fig: I'm pulling up his pants.

Brennan: I'm just gonna roll a luck check for Gilear to see what his pants
situation is about.

Fabian: You can touch your dad’s butt.

Adaine: I disagree.

Fabian: You can touch your dad's butt!

Adaine: I have never touched my dad's butt, nor do I want to.

Brennan: Cool.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: You go to Sleight of Hand his pants. You pull. You hear something--
It's a very metallic noise. You don't know where it's coming from. It's coming
from maybe the clasp of the pants, but you hear him go (muffled shouting)
again and you see that it's a huge rip.

Adaine: Oh, no.

Riz: These pants are not made well.

Siobhan: I cast Mending on his pants.

Murph: Let’s mend his life.

Brennan: You see his pants-- Cool, are you-- So, Gilear is up in there.

Murph: I start yanking. I start yanking him out.

Fig: I'm gonna get him out.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: You yank him out. He is covered in rubber residue and oil from being
up under there. He (spitting) spits the apple out and goes (groaning)

[Emily laughs quietly, causing Brennan to chuckle. A chorus of quiet giggling
ensues]

Ally: Did you just break yourself?

Brennan: Sorry sorry sorry. It's not funny. It's not funny. You see, he goes—

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: He goes (groaning)

[Ally puts their head in their hands]

Gilear: [eyes closed] Children. Thank you. I got jammed up there under the
wheel.

Fig: What happened?

Gorgug: We haven't turned the van on in a while.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gilear: I've been up there since-- It wasn't the Teleport. I've been up there
for a while.

Adaine: Did you fully just miss your girlfriend?

Fabian: Yeah, my mother was there.

Gilear: What?

Fabian: Yeah, Mama came.

Gilear: Hallariel?

Fabian: Yeah.

Gilear: (sadly) Oh.

Fabian: I assumed that you had snuck away for a moment, but you were just
fully in a wheel.

Gilear: No, early the morning that we awoke at Kei Lumennura, I thought I
would just kind of wheel the van around to get ready for us to Teleport away
and the grass was covered in the morning dew and I did that thing where you
leave the driver's side door open, when you just do a quick reverse.

Fabian: You put it in neutral.

Fig: Oh, like you were having a little fun, doing something for yourself.

Gilear: I was doing a little trick for myself.

Riz: Gilear, were you ghost riding your whip?

Fabian: Yeah, it sounds like you were ghost riding.

(Emily chuckling)

Adaine: Doing donuts?

Gilear: After our smashing victory at the rescue of Adaine, which again, I was
mostly watching the van for that. I wanted to let my bare feet touch the dew
of the morning grass.

Adaine: As you drove.

Gilear: Just sort of to let the van go into a slide. I wasn't even gonna break
five miles an hour.

Adaine: How much were you leaning out of the van so that your foot could
touch?

Kristen: To touch the dew?

Gilear: Just let my feet touch the dew on the grass.

Kristen: Where did that apple come from?

Gilear: I was eating an apple, so that's part of it is that I put the apple in
my mouth, I put the apple in my mouth to shift and I had my foot out--

Riz: So many things to do while you’re driving.

Adaine: Fully stood up out of the van so that your foot could touch the ground
as you had the car in neutral?

Gilear: No, I was just sitting on the edge and I had my thing in the-- but my
right leg was bending.

Adaine: Are you okay?

Gilear: (loudly) No. (yells) (heaves)

Kristen: Oh!

Fabian: Let's get inside and get Gilear in a hot tub.

Fig: Yes.

Ally: I hug Gilear.

Brennan: He accepts the hug and goes,

Gilear: I heard a dance was happening when I was trapped up there.

Kristen: What?

Fabian: We did a big ceremony.

Riz: There was a dance. Everyone was there.

Adaine: Why didn't you call for help?

Gorgug: The apple was stuck.

Gilear: I tried, but if I screamed, I had an apple jammed in my mouth because
my trouser got caught on the wheel because I went too fast and then I got
sucked out of the--

Adaine: You couldn't spit the apple out?

Fabian: Yeah, why didn't you eat through the apple?

Adaine: I'm glad you're out. I'm so sorry it took us this long.

Gilear: No, the apple was pressed up against the carriage of the car.

Riz: He was like this up against the thing.

Fabian: Oh, okay.

Gilear: And, if I screamed, if I tried to scream too loud, I would create an
opening on the side of my mouth from the apple, and the ants found me, so
there were some ants that were-- and if I did that, the ants would get in my
mouth, and a couple did.

Kristen: The ant-- oh.

Gorgug: Hey Gilear? I am so sorry that this happened. I just wanna double
check. I forget what happened. Did I give you the extra set of keys, or was
there another set of keys?

Gilear: To the van?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Gilear: I just had the one set. You haven't made—

Gorgug: That was in the-- okay, cool.

Gilear: Yes.

Gorgug: Good.

Kristen: Did you happen to see Aelwyn escape when you were under there? We had
a thing where Aelwyn escaped.

Gilear: Ah, terrible.

(all laughing quietly)

Gilear: Mostly for that day, I was just sweating and crying.

Kristen: You didn't hear anything or any plans, or her talking to the Tabaxi
woman somehow?

Gilear: Until we got to Leviathan, I was mostly covered in ants, so I mostly
didn't--

Kristen: Okay. Okay!

Fabian: All right.

Adaine: Wow.

Fabian: I think we've heard enough.

Kristen: Let's get you cleaned up.

Fabian: Yeah.

Riz: Throw that apple out. Don't eat that apple.

Adaine: Yes.

Riz: It’s covered in ants.

Kristen: Stop eating the apple.

Riz: Put the apple away.

[Brennan mimes holding an apple up to his mouth, raises his eyebrows, and
turns his head inquisitively]

Fabian: No!

Adaine: No no no.

Fabian: No.

[Zac mimes slowly reaching out and snatching the apple away]

(laughing)

Adaine: Oh, it's so brown.

Gorgug: Hey, buddy. Buddy. Ugh.

[Zac mimes throwing the apple to the ground at his side]

Kristen: Oh, god.

Gilear: Oh, but Hallariel came.

Fabian: Yes. She uh--

Gilear: She must have been so concerned that she didn't find me.

Adaine: Mm.

Fabian: Oh. I mean, she was-- She had bigger issues. I guess there's been a
food shortage back at home, and I think she was so hungry that she didn't
think to ask for you.

Adaine: She was hangry.

Fig: She did mention you, though. She said she ate all your yogurt.

Gilear: She said that!

  
Adaine: Yes, she did say that.

Fabian: (singsong) She’s thinking about you.

Kristen: She said she was thinking about you.

Gorgug: She was thinking a lot about you.

Adaine: Yes.

Kristen: She actually--

Gilear: I want an honest response to this question.

Fabian: Of course not, Gilear! Don't be dumb.

(laughing)

Kristen: No! Listen. No, don't listen to him.

(laughing)

Fabian: You wanted an honest answer.

Gorgug: Whoa, whoa.

Fig: You know, I agree. I think he needs to know.

Kristen: She took Cathilda back with her so that they could make more yogurt
for you, so you have a heroes’ welcome when you get back.

Adaine: A real heroes’ feast of wet dairy.

Fig: I'm not gonna stop this lying, but I kind of agree, Fabian. It's maybe
time.

Gorgug: Why don't we go back to the house?

Riz: Guys, he's not dumb. He's just pathetic.

Gilear: [breath in] I—

Fig: Shh! At least take it to the Message chat.

(laughing)

Fabian: Yeah, come on, The Ball.

Adaine: You can't even get the Message chat anymore with your dang—

Fig: Yes, I am.

[Emily points from her head to Siobhan’s head, indicating the spell, Message]

Adaine: Oh, you mean that Message. I thought you meant on the phones.

(laughing)

Gilear: I'm going to—

Fig: Wait, you guys have a secret chat without me?

Adaine: No, we have the same chat. You just have a bad phone that doesn't do
text messages.

Fig: What have you guys been saying in the chat? Can I see the chat?

Adaine: We just have mostly been talking. Our phones are not working.

Kristen: Just a lot of really funny jokes.

Adaine: There are a lot of memes.

Riz: We should go in the house.

Adaine: Bluetooth-ing each other memes. Airdrop-ing.

Gilear: If I may be so bold, I don't intend to rigorously stand up for myself
after having gotten sucked up into the wheel well of the van while I was
reversing it, and crashed into the side of the house. Very--

Kristen: Do you need medical attention?

Gilear: No. I soiled myself, not in a pathetic way, just I was up there for a
lot of hours.

Fig: Gilear--

Gorgug: You soiled yourself not in a pathetic way?

Kristen: Not in-- okay, you know what?

Gilear: Not in the way where like, "Oh, I'm so scared. I soiled--" It was just
like, "Well, I'm up under here and there's this apple jammed in my mouth. I'm
gonna piss."

(laughing)

Fig: So, instead of accidentally wet—

Fabian: “I'm gonna piss.”

Riz: You were only there for like two hours. You had just, had pissed
yourself?

Fig: Yeah, how quick? How quick did you--

Riz: How quick did you give in?

Gilear: What you don't understand is I did the thing with the van when I
really had to go, so we made it a good 10 minutes into being trapped where I
made the call. I made the executive--

Kristen: Let's set Gilear up with a spa day.

Fabian: Yes.

Kristen: Let’s just get you--

Adaine: One of the hot tubs is gonna be Gilear-specific. We'll take the other
two hot tubs.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Definitely.

Fabian: It will be the Gilear tub.

Adaine: Yeah, all about it, buddy.

Riz: He should shower first.

Kristen: Yep, definitely.

Gilear: I'm going to take a bath. Adaine, could I trouble you and your
miraculous jacket for another set of pants or a Mending cantrip? Either one is
fine.

Adaine: Absolutely. I’ll-- I'm not gonna mend your piss pants. Here's another
pair of pants.

[Siobhan mimes pulling something from her inside jacket pocket, similar to a
magician with a handkerchief, Brennan responds by reaching toward her and
taking the mimed pants]

Gilear: No? Have it your way.

Brennan: And, you see that he—

Fig: Those are kind of frumpy. Adaine, give him something nicer.

Adaine: Oh, yeah. Here we go.

[Siobhan repeats her motion]

(Emily laughing)

Fabian: Give him a boot cut.

Adaine: Oh, a boot cut. Okay. Do you want some cowboy boots, as well?

Gilear: I actually prefer very narrow ankles and a wide front and back
carriage to the seat.

(Lou high-pitched chuckle)

Adaine: Unfortunately. Ah, I'm all out of pants, so the boot cut is gonna have
to do.

Riz: You just need the right boots. (quietly) Give him some boots.

Kristen: Give him some boots, give him some boots.

Fig: Yeah, give him the boots to justify the cut.

[Siobhan excitedly reaches into her her pocket and holds out imaginary boots,
beaming]

Adaine: Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do have these boots.

Kristen: Oh, my god. Chelsea boots.

Adaine: Yes! They’re Chelsea boots.

Fabian: Wow!

Kristen: These are gonna look great on you.

[Emily’s mouth is wide open in a surprised smile, she claps approvingly]

Fabian: Honestly, Gilear, a boot cut with a Chels--

Kristen: Honestly, keep going.

Adaine: \--a little bit of ankle--

Kristen: Let's do a denim vest.

Fabian: Ooh, yeah.

Adaine: And like a denim vest and a chambray embroidered shirt.

Kristen: Oh!

Fabian: Yes! Gilear.

Kristen: A beret! Final thing!

Adaine: Oh, and a beret. There we go. That's all I've made.

Kristen: A beret. Makeover!

Adaine: The full value of my coat, done for the day.

[Emily shrieks and throws her head backwards in laughter]

Kristen: Take all those ants off and put these clothes on.

Fabian: Exactly.

Adaine: Get out of your pants.

Fig: I don’t know, he's gonna look so tasty in his new outfit, the ants are
gonna come back.

Fabian: Ooh.

Fig: Right?

Kristen: Oh, my god, you're right.

Adaine: And, so will Hallariel, maybe.

Fabian: All the little gnome women are going to be going crazy in town.

Kristen: Oh my god, yes.

[Zac holds out his hand towards a disappointed and sad looking Brennan]

Gorgug: Did you see the beret? The beret?

Adaine: We respect you.

Kristen: You're gonna look really good. I'm serious, Gilear.

Fabian: It's chambray!

Fig: Gilear, you're the chosen one.

Kristen: A chambray and beret.

Adaine: It's a chambray beret.

[Brennan mimes hesitantly taking the beret from Gorgug and putting it on, he
looks up at the group with a lifeless stare]

Fabian: Oh!

Kristen: Oh!

Adaine: Yes! Pointy.

Fabian: Now, that's-- That's a man who doesn't get stuck in a wheel well and
piss himself.

[Lou points his finger toward Brennan decisively]

Kristen: Yes!

(all giggling)

Fabian: I'll tell you that.

Kristen: That's a man who avoids--

Riz: That dude would hold out six, eight hours.

Fabian: Easily!

Riz: Before he'd shit himself.

Fabian: Easily!

(Emily laughing)

Riz: He wouldn't give in right away--

Kristen: Yeah.

Riz: Just 'cause he had to go to the bathroom a little bit.

Gilear: I understand that you are all teens and I take all of this in stride.
I am, in all earnestness, extremely grateful for the beret. I actually do
think this fits my general aesthetic.

(sounds of agreement)

Fig: I think it looks really good on you.

Kristen: Gilear, you look like you just went on a shopping spree to Papaya.

Brennan: You see, Gilear says,

Gilear: I'm going to walk inside now and find one of these hot tubs and take a
little--

Kristen: Take a shower first.

Gorgug: Shower first.

Adaine: Shower first, then hot tub.

Fabian: And then, shower after. You don't want it on you.

Adaine: Yes, you don't want those chemicals on you.

Gilear: Yes. Shower first.

Brennan: Gilear walks towards Holly Hill.

Fig: Love you, Gilear!

Gilear: Daughter, I love you, as well. Thank you for—

Fig: I'm really sorry I didn't know that you were in the wheel well.

Gilear: It's... all... what it is.

Brennan: And then, he walks-- (laughing) And, he walks away. You see Sandra
Lynn.

Gorgug: He’s gonna be fine. He’s gonna be fine.

Fabian: He's gonna do great.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn walks up and goes,

Sandra Lynn: I'm gonna ask, ‘cause I'm older now, too. Are those clothes
actually good or are the clothes bad?

Adaine: No, they're good.

Kristen: They're good!

Sandra Lynn: They’re good?

Fabian: I actually think Gilear would look good in a Chelsea boot.

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: I mean, he needs a change.

Riz: I actually think none of us know.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: And, maybe this is-- We're out on the road. Nobody's gonna see him.

Fabian: Okay.

Adaine: Maybe he'll take something from it.

Gorgug: I think maybe just trying something new might be good.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: Mhm.

Adaine: Can't hurt. No lower than this.

Fig: If anything—

Gorgug: I don't know. I can't say if in the long run a beret's gonna be a
permanent fixture on his head, but uh...

Riz: It's a huge switch.

Fig: He was the most excited about the beret.

Adaine: We've seen a lot of rock bottoms from Gilear, and maybe this'll be the
thing that takes him up a step.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn nods and says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay, I'm gonna take— I feel very bad that we let Gilear get
jammed up in that wheel well for so long. I'm gonna go make sure— Let's just
all keep an eye on Gilear.

Fig: Yeah, yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, good call.

Brennan: So, Sandra Lynn goes in. Baxter, you see, flies up to one of the
branches. Ragh is there with Tracker as well, and Ragh's looking up and he's
like,

Ragh: Oh, hell yeah. We're gonna fucking wreck this place. Let's fucking do
it.

Fabian: You trying to party?

Ragh: Dude, we should get all the fucking people in this weird, misty-ass sad
town and fucking party.

Fabian: I mean—

Kristen: I'm down.

Fig: I'm definitely down.

Fabian: I know we've got big things to do.

Fig: I could go for that.

Fabian: Yeah.

Ragh: Hell yeah.

Adaine: This is somebody else's house.

Emily: Can I forage--

Fig: Yeah, my friend's house and I said it's okay.

Kristen: Let's do it.

Ragh: Yeah. Hey, Adaine? Yeah, I’m sure this guy--

Emily: Can I forage for all-natural drugs?

Brennan: What's that?

Emily: Can I forage for all-natural drugs?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Survival check.

Emily: Survival check?

Ally: All-natural drugs?

Brennan: Or, give me a Nature check. Nature check.

Siobhan: I thought you were straight edge, except for hallucinogens.

Zac: Can I help you with it?

Emily: Yeah. All-natural. Oh yeah.

Brennan: Yeah, you can give the help action.

Murph: “Except for hallucinogens.”

(Emily, Zac, and Siobhan laughing)

Emily: I just rolled a 2 twice in a row. (laughing) Okay. I’m gonna-- I got
a-- what was it? Survival? Mm, okay, that's gonna be a 5.

Brennan: The only thing that you find that looks like it might be a drug is
there is a ghost white mushroom that has a black imprint of a skull on the top
of it.

Riz: Don't eat that.

Emily: I start to put it in my mouth.

Kristen: No!

Siobhan: No, I grab it!

Murph: I-- tackle Fig.

Fabian: All right, let's go inside the house. We've been trying to go inside
the house for--

Ragh: Yeah, let's go inside the house. Honestly, listen. This guy, fucking
Grover, Grover Billy, Bill-- Bill-- Bill-- Bill?

Gorgug: Grover Tillythatch.

Fig: Grover Tillythatch.

Ragh: Tillythatch. You think he invited a rockstar to his house and was like,
"Oh, they're not gonna smash the place up."

Fig: That’s true. It's an honor to get—

Zac: Can I get a Perception check on this place?

Brennan: Yeah. Give me a Perception check.

Zac: I don't know.

Murph: Make sure there's no like, traps.

Zac: Or like, is this person--

Lou: We already sent Gilear in, so—

Murph: I just rolled a 3 and a 2.

Emily: I guess I can do some kind of-- I'll do some kind of-- I'll do some
kind of Perception check on my memory of this guy. I got a dirty 20.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Is there anything I should know going in, like this is a tricky guy,
does he have video cameras up everywhere? Is he some kind of freak?

Siobhan: Oh, yeah. Is this guy looking to watch teens make out?

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: Yeah, is he a freak?

Emily: My dirty 20's gonna tell me whether or not.

Brennan: You think this dude was extending an honest invitation to be able to
say “Fig and the Cig Figs stayed at my summer place in Arborly.”

Emily: Well, cool.

Fig: This guy's chill.

Kristen: Okay.

Fig: And we can have a party.

Adaine: Do you think that they have fluffy robes?

Fig: Yeah, they do. He talked about the fluffy robes. Yeah.

Emily looks at Brennan to check about the fluffy robes, and he nods.

Adaine: (faint, very high-pitched) Aw, yeah. Aw!

Ally: I think Riz and I, from our Compass Points Library book know where the
temple is in Sylvaire. Is there a way for us to know how close we are to that
currently at this house?

Brennan: Uh, yeah. I'm gonna say you guys have the maps. This temple is— The
large temple is extremely close. It's right past-- It's sort of across the
border into the forest of the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: Could I do--

Ally: Kinda on the other side of that crazy, impenetrable wall?

Brennan: A little bit--

Ally: Did it look like that was--

Brennan: If you were going to the center of the forest of the Nightmare King,
you would directly pass this temple after a day or two's travel on foot.

Riz: Well, let's go into this treehouse.

Siobhan: Can I actually, before I go in, do a Locate Creature to see if the
wood elf that I saw in my scrying is within 1,000 feet of us?

[soft, slightly sad, piano music plays]

Brennan: Awesome. You do a quick Divinatory sweep. You don't detect that guy
anywhere, and in fact, you look around and, I think for thoroughness’ sake
Adaine would definitely cast Locate Creature, but looking at the flora of the
place.

Siobhan: It just looks different.

Brennan: Yeah. You're just like, this is all— It's spooky here, but everything
is healthy. Nothing is—

Siobhan: It's not drippy like it was.

Brennan: It's not drippy.

Lou: It’s not drippy.

Emily: I bet it is in Swamps of Ruin. I bet that's where.

Siobhan: Oh.

Emily: The Swamps of Ruin is where—

Siobhan: Oh, that's so far away.

Emily: Yeah, or the Barren—

Siobhan: Or, it could be right in the center of the forest in a way that's
dark and creepy.

Emily: True, true.

Gorgug: Well, shall we go in the house?

(laughing)

Adaine: Yeah, let's go in.

Murph: Yeah, we’ve just been standing outside the house.

Lou: We tried to go inside.

Brennan: You guys go in the house. Immediately—

Emily: Find the sound system.

Brennan: Find the sound system.

Siobhan: Hell yeah. I plug in my--

(Emily laughing)

Ally/Siobhan/Emily: It's meditation.

(laughing)

Murph: I thought it was like NPR.

Siobhan: “You are calm.” “Breathe.”

Ally: Oh, yeah. Talk radio.

Zac: Just imagining the soundtrack to a carousel.

(laughing)

Siobhan: Yeah, it's a really, really interesting deep dive on Mage Hand and
its invention and it's like three hours of the history of the Mage Hand spell.

Murph: Yeah, This Elmvillian Life was—

(laughing)

Ally: Oh, yeah.

Adaine: I listened to this one, it’s great.

Brennan: You see also, before she leaves, Ayda comes into the house with you
guys to give a little farewell. To give you an idea of what your NPCs in the
house are up to, you actually see that Baxter's sleeping out, there's a
sliding glass door in one of the things, Baxter's sleeping out in the front, a
lot of Spyre technology has made its way to this dude's house in Arborly.

You see that Sandra Lynn has actually got Gilear up on— sort of laid out on a
day bed in one of the public rooms and is giving him a massage to help him
out, 'cause he's—

Lou: Aw.

Fig: I feel like he's needed that for like three years.

Adaine: Just any kind of human touch.

Fabian: It’s just knots.

Brennan: You see that she's really help-- she's like,

Sandra Lynn: [kneading] Geeze, Gilear. This is something you should make a
part of your routine.

Brennan: And he's like,

Gilear: I'm extremely broke.

(laughing)

Riz: The cracks are so loud. This is unnatural.

(Lou and Brennan make cracking noises)

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn being a lot more affectionate to Gilear than she
has maybe been for the rest of your trip. Ragh has taken huge things of food
out of multiple fridges in this place.

Siobhan: How many fridges does this place have?

Brennan: Oh, it's got two in a storage space downstairs, there's another one,
kitchen, there's another kitchen for a guest suite upstairs.

Siobhan: Amazing. Insane.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You see-- And then, Tracker's mostly hanging tight with whatever
you're doing, Kristen. You see that she's been a little rocked since the whole
Galicaea, this sister thing.

Ally: Can I talk to her really quick?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Kristen: Tracker, you know, I was thinking, you shouldn't feel guilty about
giving me any sort of sickness or anything like that, 'cause I was thinking
maybe it had to do with both of us. It seems like if I held-- withheld truth
from you, maybe that's what passed the disease or whatever, you know what I
mean?

Tracker: Yeah. I mean, I know we don't have a full lock on whatever it was. I
guess I'm just gonna be more careful about that Life Transference spell. I
took precautions to make sure that, obviously, when I'm thinking about blood
magic, in general, I'm thinking about “how do I prevent lycanthropy?”, and so,
there's things worked into the spell to prevent that, but I never thought
about anything coming back the other way.

Kristen: Yes, totally. Yeah. You gotta use protection.

Tracker: Yeah, absolutely. I hear that.

Kristen: Maybe you could do the spell through a dental dam.

(Lou chuckles)

Emily: (laughing) You piece of shit.

Tracker: Be hard to think of how the spell—

Kristen: I'm just saying, I don't know. Like, Jawbone was talking to me about
those non-stop before we left. I have a whole bag of them. They look like
weird—

Tracker: Yeah, I had a good talk with Sandra Lynn, by the way.

Kristen: Oh, no way! Good.

(laughing)

Kristen: That's so great.

Tracker: It was weird. I, she was—

Ally: I'm opening a dental dam.

Tracker: I know what they are. You're good.

Kristen: Okay! Is it? It's like, can you imagine? I don't know. Not to shit
on, you know, safe sex, but, anyway, sorry.

Tracker: No, I hear you. Absolutely.  

(Emily shrieking laughing)

Kristen: And so, what did you guys talk about?

Tracker: I just talked about how, you know, I didn't wanna get too much into
her business, but I was basically just like, I care a lot about my uncle and
he's gotten close to a lot of bad people who've hurt him, and this is the most
stable his life's ever been, and I might've said something along the lines of
like, "If you ever broke his heart, I would transform and stalk you in the
shadows for the rest of your life." That was an emotional moment, and I think
she interpreted that as a feeling and not as a threat.

Kristen: Cool.

Tracker: Which is how I meant it.

Kristen: Yeah, good. Well, good for you, babe. Honestly, you were so mad.
Yeah. Being angry is a real emotion and I'm glad you were able to express
that.

Tracker: Yeah. I’m— Yeah. Weirdly, I find myself dwelling a lot on the
Galacaea stuff, on the Goddess of the Moon stuff.

Kristen: In how she could possibly be related to—

Tracker: What the elves did.

Kristen: Oh, yeah.

Tracker: Y’know? Like, again, like, I don’t— None of the Priestesses of the
Moon that I've worked with are similar to the actual elven church, but it's
the same goddess, and I don't know, I just have questions, I guess, for the
first time, which is hard.

Kristen: Yeah, I know the feeling. It is hard.

Brennan: She puts her face into the crook of your neck and gives you a hug,
and then you see that Ayda is the last sort of NPC, who comes in, is sort of
standing over in the corner and looking around, kinda of like— Just sort of,
in an unfamiliar place, unsure of what to do.

Ally: Did you say there was a bird cage attached to this place?

Brennan: No, it looks like a birdhouse. The architecture of the little sheds
look like bird houses.

Ally: Okay, cool, okay.

Lou: Also, if there was—?

Ally: I thought maybe Ayda lives here.

(laughing)

Brennan: What are the rest of you guys—

Ally: I shove Ayda into a bird cage.

Siobhan: (impersonating the Wicked Witch of the West) My pretty!

Brennan: Are the rest of you guys doing anything in this little relaxed hang
time?

Fig: Are we trying to have a party?

Fabian: I think so. Ragh, have you found any kippers?

Brennan: He's like-- Oh sorry. Ragh says,

Ragh: (sighing) Sorry, dude. I looked and looked--

Fabian: (quietly) Shit.

Ragh: \--and the only kippers I could find are right here! You motherfucker!

(chanting “Hoot, growl”)

[Emily turns towards Zac and Siobhan with a confused look on her face]

Zac: Little—

Siobhan: Smoked fish.

Lou: Little smoked fish.

[gentle acoustic music]

Brennan: I will say, by the way, obviously there's a lot that happened in
Fallinel before you left, but Fabian is possessed of a spirit and grace—

[Lou repeatedly mimes gracefully lifting and throwing a little fish into his
mouth, exclaiming in delight each time]

(laughing)

Kristen: He’s back.

Riz: He's almost too much.

Gorgug: He's spinning so fast while eating those—

Brennan: Also, don’t get me wrong, Fabian does still have the sheet with him,
in addition to Fandrangor.

Onscreen is Fabian’s new character art, which has the sheet elegantly
billowing around him and crackling with red magic as he holds a dance pose and
his new sword.

(laughing)

Ally: Just flipping kippers out of the sheet.

Lou: Yeah, just tension.

Brennan: Incredible. Cool, so you guys just start to-- Ragh is about partying.

Fig: Should we invite people from the town? 'Cause I have this spell I can
cast called Fear where I project a phantasmal image--

Gorgug: Fear?

Fig: \--of a creature’s worst fear, but I thought--

Adaine: Is that how you're gonna invite people to this party?

Fig: I thought I can sorta try to twist it in a way that it's actually
inviting, you know?

Kristen: Or, you can scare them into the house.

Fabian: So, we're full on party, I mean--

Zac: I'm gonna check out with my crystal and see if I have any service real
fast.

Brennan: You do not have any service on the crystal.

Zac: Okay.

Fabian: Do people, I mean— Hey, I love a party and I love to throw a party,
however, we are here for business. So, are people so business-minded that it
would be an interruption to—

Siobhan: Is there a pool table?

Brennan: There is a pool table.

Kristen: Oh, I would play you in a heartbeat.

Riz: Just real quick, guys, and I'm just being real casual. This little
conspiracy board I've started to set up, tiny conspiracy board—

[Murph shakes his head casually and gestures to his side as if pointing to a
corkboard]

(cast laughing)

Adaine: I love it. It’s beautiful.

Riz: We're not even gonna elaborate on—

Fig: You put a lot of holes in the wall—

Kristen: How did you even get that photo of me?

Riz: You know, you take pictures, you hang 'em. That's what you do with them.

Gorgug: Is that a darkroom?

(cast laughing)

Riz: Do we know the goddess's arcane focus, she turned into a tree?

Kristen: Yes.

Adaine: Yes.

Riz: Do we know what that tree is? Could it be this tree? This seems like a
special tree.

Fig: I think that there's a lot—

Adaine: I don’t know.

Fig: If you consider this a special tree, I think there's a lot of trees like
this all throughout.

Zac: Can we do an Arcana check on it?

Murph: Yeah.

Ally: Yeah let’s do it.

Murph: Can I-- I'm gonna snoop around--

Siobhan: Can I, I have--

Zac: Detect Magic?

Siobhan: I do have Detect Magic.

Murph: In a suspicious way, not in a party way.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me-- “In a suspicious way.” Go ahead and give me an
Investigation check.

Murph: All right. You see I start going through their stuff in a not fun way.

(Lou laughing)

Emily: I let it happen. That’s cool.

Siobhan: I guess, can I do a Detect Magic?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Murph:  (dice rolling) 20— da da da. 20. Flat 20.

[quiet music, a little mysterious]

Brennan: You sneak all around here, Spyre technology. This dude-- You find out
this guy is expensing stuff to his corporate card that has nothing—

Emily: Take pictures, take pictures.

Brennan: It's nothing to do with— like, dinners on weekends.

Riz: This is a tax haven. This is illegal, guys. This is illegal.

(Brennan laughing)

Fabian: We’re not here-- That's not the business we're doing, The Ball. We're
here for the Nightmare King.

Riz: We're committing crimes. I just hope everyone knows.

Fabian: (quietly) Alright.

(laughing)

Brennan: Other than some looseness with his use of the company expense
account, you don't really find anything here, but it takes you a while to go
through that stuff. Otherwise, you notice general stuff about the architecture
of the building and stuff like that. It doesn't seem like this tree in
particular is that special, other than that it’s filled with that technology.

You do Detect Magic. The magic you find here is mostly arcano-tech. It's like
“Oh, there’s crystals and stuff here.” You see that there's a generator
downstairs, like a little crystal pylon, similar to what you guys made for the
arcade fight back in Season One. There's stuff to create energy that's
magical. The only blast of magic you really get is there is a thick barrier of
infernal magic at that briar wall that Kristen saw.

Siobhan: Okay.

Emily: Oh, that's my shit, though. I’m a tiefling.

Zac: So, that's the wall the warlocks made.

Murph: That's the wall that they wanna get through using Gorthalax.

Emily: Yeah.

Fig: Okay, if we're not gonna have a party then I'm gonna go moodily look at
that wall.

Riz: I think we can still have a party.

Adaine: We can just have a—

Fabian: Ooh! The Ball said we could have a party!

Brennan: Give me a Perception check with advantage, by the way.

Siobhan: Great.

Kristen: I really wanna go around the town and maybe ask leads, something
about the town as we invite them to the party.

Fig: That’s true. We could do a crawl.

Siobhan: Um, 15.

Brennan: 15.

Siobhan: Yeah.

[slightly creepy string music plays]

Brennan: Cool. You look out, you see a couple things with that Detect Magic
here, as well, that are kind of like, it looks like this town has a ambient
druidic magic throughout it that extends a little ways away from Holly Hill,
away from the briar wall, right to the briar wall where it becomes the
strongest it possibly could be. That druidic magic is old at this point, maybe
a small, like, low centuries count, 200, 300 years, but it looks like a
powerful act of druidic magic a while ago took a bite out of Sylvaire, and you
can sense that the briar wall used to be on the other side of town.

In other words, it ate this town, and that these wood elves are here. We know
that their MO is reclaiming the forest. It looks like the last bit of
reclamation they did was 250 years ago. It took an intense piece of magic. You
can feel that it got paid for dearly, so there's been no progress in like 200
years.

Siobhan: Wow, okay.

Brennan: So, this place is this kind of thing of a group of people reclaiming
their homeland. Some of the magic also feels-- There's a thing that's similar
to the vibe you get from the Thistlespring tree. So, there's a gnomish vibe to
it, even though you know there's a lot of wood elves here. Fig, you were gonna
say something. I mean, you vibe on that briar wall, for sure.

Emily: Yeah. Okay.

Brennan: 100%.

Emily: Then, I guess, maybe--

Fig: I'm into, Kristen, the idea of going into town and maybe getting some
information.

Kristen: Just talk to a couple of people.

Ally: Is there anyone sitting in a rocking chair on their porch, looking like
they have all the answers if we would just ask?

Brennan: It's like one or two in the morning right now, so it's late.

Siobhan: So like five people.

Brennan: Yeah, it's like five people. Probably would be better to rest and hit
up the town the next day.

Murph: Cool.

Siobhan: Cool.

Brennan: You see that Ayda looks over at you, Fig.

Fig: Hey, I think people are talking about having a party here.

Ayda: Normal.

Fig: Yeah, I don't know what your plans are, but I think everyone was saying
that you would be invited.

Adaine: You're invited.

Ayda: Incredible. My response is yes. R.S.V.P. “yes” to the party. I will be
there. Is it happening now? Am I already here?

Adaine: Yes.

Ayda: Okay.

Fabian: I think it's tomorrow. Or, it’s tonight?

Riz: I think we’re-- it’s both--

Gorgug: I think we should--

Riz: We're gonna have the party now.

Gorgug: Huh.

Fabian: Are we gonna have a party? It's one o'clock in the morning.

Gorgug: It feels like we could rage tonight.

Riz: I don't wanna just like, go to sleep right now.

Adaine: Rage tonight?

Fabian: Let's rage tonight.

Kristen: ♪ Rage tonight ♪

(laughing)

Fabian: ♪ We're gonna rage tonight ♪

Riz: Spring break!

Fabian: Yes, The Ball!

Ayda: Spring break! (shriek)

(Emily laughing)

Gorgug: Tomorrow's like maybe too long.

Fabian: Yeah.

Kristen: Yeah. That's what I was gonna say.

Adaine: We've gotta fight the break of dawn, you guys.

Riz: Tomorrow-- We're gonna get attacked. So, we need to party when we can.

Kristen: We might be gone.

Fig: I agree. I think tomorrow we-- yeah.

Riz: Also, I decided I no longer feel bad stealing from this person because
they're stealing.

Adaine: Yes.

Fig: Hey, you could party without stealing.

Kristen: So, what are you stealing?

Gorgug: Maybe like, beers?

Riz: Well, I'm like Robin Hood that way.

(laughing)

Riz: Just by being here, we're stealing.

Kristen: Wow, little Robin Hood.

Brennan: Ragh has a huge, one of those cartoon hams with a bone that is cut,
and he goes,

Ragh: [speaking through a bite of ham] Yeah, man. You're exactly like Robin
Hood. That's exactly what you're like.

Ally: I have a really nice watch.

[Ally mimics sliding something in their pocket while turning to look at Murph]

Ally: No I’m just kidding, I put it back.

(laughing)

Brennan: Cool. So, I'm gonna say that Gilear and Sandra Lynn both head to bed.

Ally: In the house?

Brennan: In the van. You see Sandra Lynn looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: Kristen cast Hallow on the van.

Kristen: True.

Fabian: You’ve gotta love it.

Sandra Lynn: We've still got a Nightmare King problem, we gotta crash in the
van.

Fabian: But, there's a bed upstairs. It's so big.

Adaine: But the Hallow reaches outside of the realms of the van, right?

Kristen: 60 feet.

Brennan: 60 feet.

Adaine: So, we could camp outside of the van. We could pull a mattress out.

Fig: There's a solarium that’s—

Brennan: You see Ragh goes,

Ragh: (chanting) Pull mattresses outside of the van. Sleep under the canopy of
the trees!

Kristen: Great, let's do it. Let's do it.

Ragh: [pumping his fists] Yes, yes!  

Fabian: Yes!

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: Great. You guys have a mattress party on the yard.

Ally: I love it.

Brennan: She looks over, she points at the Hangman and says,

Sandra Lynn: Hangman, you're in charge while the adults are gone.

Brennan: Hangman goes,

The Hangman: Very well, Mistress Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: And then, the Hangman looks up at you and goes,

The Hangman: No rules.

Ally: Oh!

[Lou moves his arms in circles in front of his body in celebration, imitating
the Cabbage Patch dance move]

Fabian: That's my man!

(laughing)

Adaine: Some rules, some rules.

Lou: I just Cabbage Patch for a really long time.

[He repeats the dance move a few times]

(laughing)

Brennan: You guys put on some music, you guys get some food. There are
whatever kind of-- There are a number of alcoholic beverages, but also some
soft drinks.

[rhythmic party music plays]

Ally: Is there any like, crab?

Brennan: (bewildered) Crab?

Ally: Yeah, like loose crab meat?

Brennan: You find a bag of loose crab meat.

Ally: I make cra-chos.

Adaine: How long has that been there?

(laughing)

Kristen: I’m making crab nachos.

Gorgug: (in disbelief) Cra-chos?

Riz: Cra-chos.

(Lou loudly laughing)

Fabian: I'm sorry, what is this? Kristen, what have you made!

Brennan: Ragh's shoving them.

Ragh: [eating] It's crab nachos, dude! Get on board!

Riz: Kristen, this is amazing. This is normal.

Kristen: This is a party food 'cause my parents wouldn't let me eat this. So,
this is what I make whenever it's up to me!

Adaine: Nobody should eat that! I’m sorry your parents—

Gorgug is shoveling cra-chos into his mouth.

Kristen: It’s delicious! Cheese and crab!

Fig looks vaguely horrified.

Riz: Goblins and orcs eat it all the time.

Brennan: Tracker looks at you and goes,

Tracker: Adaine, what's your deal? It's crab nachos.

Kristen: Yes.

Tracker: You like crab, you like nachos, you like cra-chos.

Kristen: You like crab, you like sour cream.

Fabian: Crab-achos.

Siobhan: I did find blinis and caviar and I am making--

[Siobhan mimes delicately spreading something on a cracker]

Fabian: Oh, yes.

Kristen: (with her mouth full) You're missing out.

(laughing)

Emily: I think I'm gonna, when everyone's partying, I think I'm gonna sneak
off and just look at the wall, just look at the wall.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Just see if it speaks to me.

Brennan: You're there for a little while. Go ahead and give me an Insight
check with advantage.

Emily: Okay.

[Lou swings his arms above his head to the beat of the background music]

Murph: Just partying.

Riz: I hope no one’s off on the road right now.

Emily: I'm not going that far. I'm not going that far.

(laughing)

Emily: Oh, I have bad Insight. So, that's gonna be a 15.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: 15\. You look at the briar wall.

[the music abruptly stops]

Siobhan: Oh no.

Ally: Fuck.

[menacing, dark, whooshing music fades in]

[Zac, Lou, Siobhan and Ally pretend to dance quietly to the music for a
moment]

Brennan: You look out and see that indeed, these briars, they're not like
normal thorns. They're hooked and barbed with also a straight point coming
out, almost like a bec de corbin. They look like the ends of fucking polearms.
The thorns are nasty and serrated and everything else like that. You gaze at
them for a while and you can almost hear in your mind's, sort of like, at the
edges of your ability to hear, (haunting whispers) whispering noise as you
gaze at the wall, and you feel something very hot right behind you.

Emily: Mm, I guess I look at it.

Brennan: You turn around, Ayda is standing there.

(laughing)

Brennan: She goes,

Ayda: It seemed like you were focusing, so I didn't say anything.

Fig: Oh, that’s fine.

Ayda: But also, when you left the room, I didn't know which real conversation
to listen to. It seemed like people were talking all at the same time and
didn't really care who was hearing them or not. They just were laughing and
all talking over each other, and I couldn't really make out who to listen to
or what was important about what was being said.

Fig: Yeah, sometimes one of the fun things about friendship is just being a
chorus of nonsense together, and you don't have to hear each other. It just
feels really good to talk really loud.

Ayda: [mildly disbelieving] A chorus of nonsense?

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Yeah, that's great.

Fig: The way you say it doesn't seem great.

Ayda: Nonsense is... bad? If— but maybe it's not. Maybe nonsense isn't bad.
Maybe nonsense is good. How do you feel about nonsense?

Fig: I mean, I feel like there's a time and a place for nonsense, like
sometimes I really wanna think about things, but then sometimes things get too
heavy or dark and I don't wanna think about things, so nonsense feels like a
really good escape.

Ayda: So, you've developed a way to escape from thoughts that are scaring you.

Fig: Yeah, I guess so. I didn't expect—

Kristen: Gorgug's doing a crab stand!

All: (chanting) Crab stand! Crab stand! Crab stand! Crab stand!

Ragh: He’s fucking doing it!

[Zac holding his arms over his head and makes exaggerating eating motions]

Fig: See, that's all just masking pain.

(laughing)

Brennan: You see Ayda says,

Ayda: I don't wanna overstate this. I would give anything to develop that
skill. That sounds incredible.

Fig: Do you think you could?

Ayda: It's certainly worth trying.

Fig: I definitely think sometimes some people are better at it, or sometimes I
personally am better at it than others. I have days where I can just really--
(giggling) do a bunch of fucking crab stands back to back, metaphorically.

Ayda: What sort of nonsense things have you done to make yourself feel good?

(Siobhan laughing)

Fig: Usually just pretending to be someone else.

Ayda: That's fun for you?

Fig: Sometimes, yeah.

Ayda: Yeah, that's interesting. I can't understand that.

Fig: Oh.

Ayda: Because if I was you, I wouldn't wanna be anyone else, because you're
very exceptional.

Fabian: Look, The Ball's a little shrimp!

(shouting nonsense)

Adaine: Shrimp! Shrimp! Shrimp!

Riz: I’m a little shrimp. I’m a little shrimp!

Ragh: He’s fucking doing it!

Kristen: Pass the shrimp. Pass the shrimp!

Fabian: Pass the shrimp!

Gorgug: I’m a crab.

[Zac crosses his forearms under his chin and wiggles his fingers while
shifting back and forth, like a crab]

Fabian: Oh!

Riz: He's a crab.

Fabian: He's a crab and he's a shrimp.

(Ally laughing)

[serious music]

Fig: Well, thank you. I wish I could take that compliment, but truthfully, I
think you probably think I'm someone different than I am.

Ayda: Being mistaken about the nature of something and discovering its true
nature is my favorite thing in the world to do. Are you engaging in this
chorus of nonsense because the gemstone containing your father went missing?

Fig: ...Yeah, I just had a bad day. And uh—

Brennan: Her eyes glow bright as she looks over at the briar wall, and she
looks back at you and says,

Ayda: Would you like a closer look at that wall?

(Emily chuckling)

Fig: Um. Okay.

Ayda: Good.

Brennan: She opens the sliding glass door, turns herself and you invisible,
and lifts you up and flies out through Arborly in the middle of the night.
(blowing air)

Ally: Hot.

(laughing)

Brennan: (whooshing air) Flying out. She alights in the saddle of two tree
trunks that have fused together in this low, looped saddle of wood, and you
see the briars grow thick up through in between the space between two trees,
and even though you're invisible you see as you both land, a little bit of
light is cast from the briars from Ayda's fiery hair and wings, even though
she herself is invisible.

Fig: Okay, so you remember before when I was, like, why would someone who just
did what you did think I'm exceptional? I can't do that. All my magic is just
like, “Cool, I project the thing that you're most afraid of.”

Ayda: That's a hard to master spell.

Fig: (quietly) Well, that's very cool shit.

Ayda: Do you want me to analyze this wall?

Fig: Okay, yeah.

Brennan: (futuristic zapping) You see a translucent version, like a see-
through version of her in her invisibility. Her invisibility has made you, you
can both see each other as pale outlines that no one else can see, she (zaps)
looks at the wall.

Ayda: Very powerful, very old. Keeps them out, keeps them in.

Fig: Keeps them in?

Ayda: It extends up over the canopy, as well. This is a full Abjuration. Even
if you found a way through it, let's say that you were to Dimension Door to
the other side, the only roads or pathways we would find would just lead us
back out to the other side of the wall. This is very powerful.

Fig: Really?

Ayda: It's keyed to infernals, devils, and not all devils either. Powerful
devils, leaders. The archons and princes and monarchs, et cetera of hellish
dominions.

Fig: So—

Brennan: She reaches out a hand towards the wall and as she does so, the
thorns grow kind of quickly, like (sucking), and she retracts her hand away.

Emily: I reach my hand out.

Brennan: You touch your hand to the thorns, and as you do so, they don't grow
out as your hand approaches. Do you do anything else? Do you keep pushing?

Emily: (chuckling) Can I just do—

(Ally, Lou, Murph laugh)

Murph: You simply have to.

Lou: You simply must.

Murph: You simply must.

Emily: Can I just gently do a little Burning Hands? Not in the normal radius.
Just at my hand, like I'm makin’ s'mores.

Zac: Creme brulee.

Brennan: You hit the— You hit (whoosh) the thorns with the fire. (dice
rolling) (blowing air) A burning hand print rests on the outside of the
thorns, and as it does, you see that the light and heat of the fire is sucked
up by the briar wall, almost like roots drinking at water. The glow dissipates
and spreads, (blowing air) leaving just a charred hand print here at the
outside of the wall, and you feel comfortable in the presence of this briar
wall. This thing is meant to be ominous and opposing, but the thorns did not
attack you and when you burned that wall, the fire went into it and went— give
me a Perception check.

Emily: (dice rolling) 12.

Brennan: The fire— On a 12. That fire went somewhere. It didn't dissipate. It
traveled away from here.

Fig: Okay. That was pretty cool of me, right?

Ayda: You're asking me if that was cool of you?

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Extraordinarily. I've found everything that you've done cool.

(Lou laughing)

Fig: I just wanted to really gently bring this up. There might be a rumor of
me that I said something to Fe— Feth back at the elf enclave. I just want you
to know that's a total lie.

Ayda: [frowns] What— Telling someone to, "Choke on grapes, bitch," is a lie?

Fig: That's all you heard?

Ayda: That's the only thing I heard. Was there more to hear?

Fig: Okay, I did say that. I will own up to that, yeah.

Ayda: That's an excellent threat.

Fig: [chuckling] Okay, cool. [clears throat] Wow, okay. Well, I don't know if
I just made that wall stronger or if maybe I can use some of my nasty legacy
to get in there.

Brennan: Ayda nods and says,

Ayda: I understand that, and look, you have the blood of the Nine Hells in
you, but I think we all have a nasty legacy in one way or another. Would you
like me to take you back to the—

Fig: Party?

Ayda: Party, now?

Fig: Yeah. Yeah, sure, yeah. Hey, this one's on me.

Emily: And I cast Greater Invisibility on us.

(Ayda shrieks in laughter)

Brennan: You see she looks at you and goes,

Ayda: I know today's been a very emotional day for you.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Insight check.

Emily: (dice rolling) 11.

Brennan: Cool. She's hard to read, you're partially translucent, she's got
fiery eyes and fiery hair and stuff. She just says,

Ayda: I know today's been very emotional for you. I'm going to return to
Leviathan, as I’ve said. I need to work on shrinking the Compass Points until
it is travel size, and—

Emily: I take out my Compass Points Library card.

Fig: It's a good library.

Ayda: I have spent a lot of lifetimes building it, so I really appreciate
that.

Fig: Lifetimes?

Ayda: Yes.

Fig: (very quietly) How old are you?

Ayda: How old am I?

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: This version of me is 17, but I have been on Leviathan for a little over
a century and a half in some capacity or another. I'm half phoenix.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: So, when I die, I come back, but I don't have any memories of my
previous lives or anything. I’m kind of raised by— I leave extensive notes for
myself. I don't remember writing them and I don't— It's an interesting
philosophical question to say if in fact I am in fact the same person, but I
do leave myself very thorough instructions each time.

[sweet piano music]

Fig: Why wouldn't you just reinvent yourself each time? Not that you'd have
to. I just say this as someone who constantly pretends to be other people.

Ayda: Every time I come back, I don't know anything, and I guess I trust the
versions of me that knew more? I don't have a lot of self-confidence, and I
don't want to make mistakes.

Fig: Okay. Well, you have said some very nice things to me, and I feel
terrified to say something nice to someone, but—

Emily: I vomit real quick into a bush.

(cast laughing)

Fig: I actually think that you're perfect the way you are.

Emily: And then I skateboard away.

(raucous laughter)

Brennan: I'm gonna need—

Siobhan: Fully invisible through the trees.

Brennan:  I'm gonna need a DC 20 Acrobatics check.

Emily: Oh, yes! I got a 22.

(laughing)

Brennan: You grip the nose of that skateboard and take it 80 feet down a
completely vertical—

Emily: I drop the invisibility so she can watch this all happen.

Brennan: Give me another Insight check.

Emily: Oh, no. Uh, 13.

Brennan: You get no bead on her. You're just being impressive. Cool. You
skateboard down. When you get to the bottom, you do this rad trick. Do you do
anything else? Do you keep skateboarding back to Holly Hill?

Emily: (laughing) I don't know. I didn't really think in the moment. I just
panicked. I can't stick around!

Ally: You barfed, said, "I think you're perfect the way you are," and then
dropped 80 feet on a skateboard down a tree.

Brennan: But then, you get to ferns and dirt and your skateboard can't go
anymore. But you pulled the trick off.

Siobhan: You burnt a fourth level spell.

Emily: I don't know what to do. I can't show my face after I said that.

Brennan: Ayda flies down to you real quick and goes,

Ayda: (rapidly) That was an amazing trick. Look, I need to get back to
Leviathan. You're very busy. You're going into a forest. I could die when I go
back to Leviathan and attempt to—

Fig: What?

Ayda: Well, it is a dangerous city. You're going into the forest of the
Nightmare King. The future's never guaranteed. We don't have anything but
today, and even that might get cut short. I know it's been an emotional day
and this might not be the appropriate time, but what I wanted to do is offer
you a— I have information for you that might be actionable for you, but I
prepared a contract.

[Lou smiles widely and rocks back and forth in his seat, looking between
Brennan and Emily, and crossing his arms in front of his chest]

Brennan: She pulls a scroll. Look at Lou!

Lou: What's happening?

Brennan: She pulls a scroll, this like, ancient wizard scroll, out of a little
binder. She says,

Ayda: This is a contract. It's very simple.

Brennan: She puts it in front of you and says--

Fig: Is this about the library card, 'cause I took it out in a different name?

Ayda: No, no, no.

Fig: Oh, okay.

Ayda: That’s okay. Most people take out library cards under a pseudonym. It's
a pirate island. The contract effectively states that I have information that
might be actionable for you and of interest to you, and I will give it to you
on the condition that you do not make any inferences based on that
information, but rather, once you have that information you don't make any
assumptions based on it, you don't, you know, basically you're not allowed,
basically you're not allowed to think anything judgemental or critical once
you get that information.

Fig: Okay, yeah.

Ayda: Great, so no inferences. That's the clause.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: If you would please sign there?

Fig: Okay, I'll sign it again.

Emily: I sign it.

Brennan: You sign it. It turns into bright fire and whips up into Ayda's palm.
She looks at you and says,

Ayda: Very well. Some actionable information. At any waking moment, outside of
combat, that you and I have been together, if you had tried to... kiss me on
the mouth—

Ally: (excited) I knew it was gonna be this. I knew it was gonna be this!

Ayda: It would have been... received favorably. Bear in mind, you are under
contract.

(all giggling)

Ayda: You're not allowed to make any inferences or assumptions about how I
feel or anything else. You've signed that. That's magical law. So, there's
that.

Fig: Okay. I draft up my own contract that says if you make fun of me, I'll
fucking give you a wet willy.

[Ally holds their character sheets over their face]

[laughing]

Brennan: You see she looks at it and you see she says,

Ayda: Legally, this doesn't necessarily have the structure of a contract. It's
more of just a threat.

Emily: I kiss her and then I skateboard away!

(laughing) (clapping)

Ally: Two Young Sheldons making out.

(laughing)

Emily: I take her by the chin and I say,

Fig: Just so you know, I've never done this as myself before.

Brennan: You guys kiss, the fire of her hair swells out. As she becomes un-
invisible, and you skateboard away right away?

Emily: I skateboard behind a tree and see what she thinks of it.

(laughing)

Brennan: She looks over at you behind a tree and goes—

Emily: Wait, can I do a check to try and hide?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Stealth check.

(laughing)

Emily: Oh, I got pretty good!

Lou: It’s the best kiss ever.

Emily: I got an 18.

Brennan: She looks around and goes,

Ayda: Is it normal for people to run away after that?

Emily: I think I slink out.

Fig: I'm really sorry. I'm so used to being other people and this is
absolutely terrifying.

Ayda: Can I get another shot at that?

(Lou gasping)

Ayda: It was perfect. I think I can do better.

Fig: Yeah, why don't you show me?

Ally and Lou both scream. Murph claps.

Lou: Yes-ah! Yes-ah!

Ally: Nat 20!

Lou: (fanatically) Yes-ah! Yes-ah! I bless this union-ah!

Zac: Wow.

(laughing)

Lou: Yes-ah!

Ally: We're all neck-deep in shrimp.

Murph: We’ve moved outside, to do the shrimp and crab king outside.

Zac: Just covered in crab meat.

Brennan: I'm gonna say cut back to the party. It's gotten weird. Ragh's got
his shirt off and you see that Tracker is crawling on the floor, balancing a
crab nacho on her head, and you see that Ragh is going,

Ragh: More lobster! You're not lobster enough!

(laughing)

Gorgug: The crab king! Crab king!

Fabian: I'm a little shrimp. I'm a little shrimp.

Murph: Riz is cry- Riz is getting emotional drunk.

Riz: [teary] Shrimp are so little and sometimes they just get caught in the
nets and stuff.

Kristen: Kiss the shrimp.

Riz: I'm not gonna kiss the shrimp. It's dead, Kristen!

(laughing)

Riz: And, we killed it.

Emily: I think I look at this and I say,

Fig: I started this whole party just so you'd stick around.

Brennan: Ayda bursts into fiery tears. She's like,

Ayda: [exclaims] Ah. Sorry. [wipes tears] That's so nice. I won't lie. I'll
need to divulge information about myself. Parties frighten and terrify me, and
the only reason I stuck around is because you were there.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Yeah.

Fig: That's cool.

Ayda: Wonderful.

Fig: Does it give you a little bit of self-confidence, like, what just
happened? I'm not gonna say the words, 'cause I can't.

Ayda: Again, I can't speak to all the Aydas who have come before me, but in
this version of my life, this is the greatest moment of it, my life.

Fig: All right, well, I'm going for greatest of all the Aydas.

Brennan: She goes,

Ayda: Is it normal, ‘cause you've initiated a kiss twice. Would it be normal
for me to start one off?

Fig: Oh, yeah. Yeah.

Ayda: (yelling) Ha!

Brennan: And just grabs you.

Emily: Woo!

(laughing)

Brennan: You see that— You guys make out in the woods for a while. As the
light begins to get, the sky begins to change color a little bit, Ayda looks
up, looks at you and says,

Ayda: I should go, not only to do the work that I need to do, but I'm going to
research Plane Shift as fast as I can for you.

Fig: Thank you. But does Compass Points really need a library? You should just
come with us?

Ayda: That's— I just—

Fig: Yeah, I get it. It's not just your life's work, it's your lives’, plural,
work.

Ayda: It meant a lot to many mes. It meant a lot to myself many times.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Not many times. It's only been about 175 years, you know? You know, it
meant a lot to the previous three of me.

Fig: Okay, yeah. Then, you should totally go back and do that, and Plane Shift
would be appreciated, but I just, when we were hanging out, I didn't want to
ask you to do that 'cause I didn't want there to be anything transactional. I
know you're all about transactional, but you know, there's a limit to that.

Ayda: Right. I won't charge you for Plane Shift.

(laughing)

Fig: Oh, no. I'll definitely pay for Plane Shift. I guess I didn't wanna ask
anything of you is what I was trying to say.

Ayda: No, no. Every time people ask something of me, they're people that— It's
not that they're people I don't care about, it's that they’re people that
don't care about me. When you ask something of me, you do care, and so it's
different, and that's exciting. I'm... going to return, even though I
desperately and only want to stay.

Fig: Trust me, I really wanna say all the things to make you stay right now,
and it is only out of respect for your many lives of work that I'm not doing
that. But, you should totally stay. Just stay.

Ayda: [big sigh] Right.

(laughing)

Adaine: Where's Fig? Is she safe?

Kristen shoves a shrimp into Adaine’s mouth.

Riz: (distressed) She’s dead! She’s gone.

Gorgug: You’re the crab king right now.

(overlapping crab party chatter)

Brennan: Ayda says,

Ayda: I'm going to fly you back to Holly Hill, and then I'm going to teleport
away.

Fig: Yeah, okay cool. Pretend like I didn't ask you to stay. That was rude of
me.

Ayda: I only want that. I only want to stay, and the only thing I want more
than to stay is to go and do something for you, and I'm not gonna shrink
Compass Points. I'm just gonna research the spell. I'm just gonna research the
spell and I'll get back to you, and I'll shrink it later.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: That's a priority, and I just would like to see you again.

Fig: That'd be cool.

Ayda: Yeah, absolutely.

Fig: Cool, let's fly.

Brennan: She pulls a fiery feather out of her own wing, (squawking) and hands
it to you.

Ayda: You need only hold that aloft and speak my name and I shall know. If
anything happened to you in the forest of the Nightmare King— I would just
start over.

Fig: Honestly— Oh.

Ayda: I would never forgive myself.

Fig: Really? I was gonna say I'd like to see you in action taking revenge.

Emily: I rip out an ear cuff and I say,

(others making disgusted noises)

Fig: If you hold this and speak my name—

Ayda: My thing, actually, there’s a spell for. Is there anything you're doing
right now?

Fig: Oh, we're not doing gestures? I thought we were doing gestures.

Ayda: No, mine is extremely literal.

Fig: Oh, mine's a gesture.

Murph: Well if it has blood on it—

Ayda: I will treasure it always.

Fig: You can scry on it.

Ayda: If it does have blood on it, I actually can use this.

(laughing)

Brennan: She pockets it, you see she says—

Fig: Sorry I'm not better at this.

Ayda: It's all right. Goodbye for now. By the nine winds and the seven stars
and all the secret names of the earth and beyond, I shall see you again. This
is my vow.

Fig: “Fuck yeah” is my vow.

(Ally laughing)

Ayda: God, you're great and cool. Goodbye!

(blasting sounds and others laughing)

Brennan: You guys, after truly an hour, see Fig walk back into the party.

Kristen: Hey!

Riz: She's dead, she ran away. She ran away.

Kristen: It's a shrimp-ret. It's a shrimp secret.

Fabian: Gorgug's the crab king.

Gorgug: I'm the crab king now.

Adaine: I had a.. A half of a beer.

Gorgug: Ragh was the crab king.

Fig: You had a beer?

Adaine: I had a half of a beer.

Fig: This is great, guys. I'm gonna go use the hot tub for awhile.

Adaine: I'll use the hot tub!

Fabian: Don't use the one upstairs. It's filled with shrimp. It's absolutely
filled with shrimp.

Riz: It's a shrimp tub.

Kristen: It's a shrimp tub!

Gorgug: It's a shrimp tub and a Gilear tub. Middle tub is good.

Brennan: Tracker is blasted and goes,

Tracker: Let her use the shrimp tub!

Fabian: [pointing dramatically] No!

Adaine: Shrimp tub! Shrimp tub!

Gorgug: We need to talk about this. The rules don’t allow the shrimp tub--

Riz: Leave her alone! Leave her alone!

Kristen: We need you to catch up.

Ally: And I throw Fig two beers.

Zac: I shatter one out of the air.

(laughing)

Kristen: Gorgug, you have--

Gorgug: Yeah!

Brennan: You see Ragh goes,

Ragh: 100 points! Hoot, growl, hoot, growl, hoot, growl!

Fabian: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl!

Kristen: That was amazing. Do it again!

Gorgug: Hoot, growl! Crab, king!

(cheering, laughing)

Fabian: The Ball, it’s going to be alright, the shrimp will be fine.

Kristen: What sound does a crab make?

Gorgug: It goes, "I'm a little crab."

(laughing)

Kristen: Oh, you’re right!

Fabian: I'm a little crab!

Kristen: You're a scientist.

[Siobhan folds her arms across her chest and wiggles her fingers, moving left
and right, imitating a crab]

Brennan: Fig, you go to the hot tub.

Emily: I lock the door.

Brennan: (laughing) Lock the door.

Ally: This is honestly too autobiographical for me.

(laughing)

Brennan: You guys party, you're wasted.

Ally: I feel new.

Brennan: Cool. I'm gonna need a group Wisdom check right now--

Murph: Oh god.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Ally: Oh, ‘cause we’re not, oh—

Brennan: To make sure that mattress night happens. I will roll for Ragh and
Tracker, as well.

Siobhan: Can I use Boggy for advantage?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: Can I wrap The Ball in my sheet and look at him dead in his eyes and say,

Fabian: I.. believe.. in you. Spring break!

Riz: Spring break!

Lou: And give him Bardic Inspiration.

Murph: Oh hey, thank you.

(laughing)

Brennan: Hell, yeah.

Zac: I pass my crown of the crab king to you.

Kristen: This is all we needed!

Riz: Honestly, I just wanted to be the crab king.

Gorgug: You’re the crab king.

Riz: [tearily] The whole time, I've been the shrimp. I feel like I've been the
shrimp my whole life. I just wanted to be the crab king.

Kristen: No. You're the king crab king.

Riz: It means a lot that you guys made me the crab king.

Gorgug: You’re the crab king now.

Riz: You’re the crab king.

Brennan: What are our wisdom saves? Let's go--

Ally: Interesting.

Emily: Seven.

Zac: 19.

Siobhan: 22.

Murph: Yikes. What is, how much--

Lou: A d6.

Ally: 13.

Murph: d6.

Emily: Can I get a help action from the jets of the hot tub?

Brennan: (laughing) Shh— Pfft.

Lou: 2.

Brennan: 2.

Zac: The most cut off I've ever heard a “sure.” Sure.

(laughing)

Murph: 14.

Brennan: 14, and what did you get?

Ally: I think it was a 13. 13.

Brennan: 13, cool. Ragh and Tracker both pass with flying colors, majority of
the group passes. You guys remember to pull mattresses out.

Ally: Hell, yeah.

Brennan: You guys awake the following morning—

Zac: (laughing) Sorry.

Brennan: And in the dim— Well, even at this— It's gotta be like one o'clock in
the afternoon when all you guys wake up. As you guys do, you look up at the
gate, there's some boulders in the forest nearby, as you guys all kind of come
to, you see that Sandra Lynn is speaking in elven, Gilear's next to her, there
are like 40 wood-elf rangers on boulders, all have arrows knocked in their
bow, and you see that Sandra Lynn and Gilear are both talking to this wood-elf
ranger.

You see that she has got dark, forest green leather bracers, archer's bracers,
the archer's gloves, she's got what looks like black hair here, and the sides
of her head are shaved, but it's like her hair's graying there a little bit,
so it's salt and pepper around here. She has an intense angular face, steel
gray eyes. She's speaking, clearly the leader here, but you see that Gilear
and Sandra Lynn are also talking to a fox on the ground, just like a red fox
that is also speaking up to them, and appear to be directing as many of their
responses to the fox as they are to the wood-elf woman.

Siobhan: Are they speaking Sylvan? Is that what they're speaking?

Brennan: They are speaking elvish right now.

Siobhan: Oh, so we all understand, except for Gorgug.

Brennan: Except for Gorgug, yeah. What do you guys do as you awaken?

Emily: I'm gonna turn off the hot tub, 'cause I left it on.

(laughing)

Brennan: So, you get all the mattresses, run inside, turn the hot tub off, run
back outside.

Emily: Oh, I thought I was waking up in the hot tub.

Brennan: Did you sleep in the house that night?

Emily: No, I slept on the mattress.

Brennan: [giggling] Okay. Cool cool.

(Emily laughing)

Lou: I feel like I give a,

Fabian: (whispering) Hey, Gilear's talking to a fox.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: I don't know why, I don't know what's happening.

Kristen: Are they all pointing their arrows at us?

Fabian: Did we party too hard?

Gorgug: Hell, yeah, we did.

Adaine: I shouldn't have had that half a beer. I feel bad.

Kristen: We should all look really respectable right now.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: Hoot, growl. Mom?

Brennan: As you begin to awaken, you see that the wood elf woman looks over at
you guys and says,

Wood Elf: (a stern and disdainful voice) Ah, not truly children. These are
almost adults grown. Come here. (beckons)

Fabian: What?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: It's all right, guys. Just— (beckons)

Emily: Actually, I'm the representative. I just say,

Fig: Hey, we're here because I'm friends with Grover. Grover offered me this
place to stay whenever I was in town.

Brennan: You see that immediately the leader of these rangers looks over and
goes,

Wood Elf: You are friend, Grover Tillythatch—

Brennan: —sees that she immediately clocks your horns and looks over at the
Hangman, as well. This woman is not about you guys. Go ahead and give me a
Persuasion check.

Ally: Can I kind of reach over and cast Guidance on her secretly?

Brennan: Yeah. You can use Guidance. Plus one d4.

Ally: Now, you get a d4.

(dice rolling)

Emily: Okay. That is a... 27.

Ally: Ay!

Brennan: (spitting) Cool.

Lou: The way you put that together, I thought it was way lower.

Ally: Yeah, me too.

Brennan: So, I'm gonna say that because you got that insane roll, you
immediately look at this woman and clock her as a non-starter, never gonna be
won over, nothing at all, but you also clock her body language, and she's
second in command to that fox. That fox is actually running shit.

Fig: Hi, Figueroth Faeth.

Emily: I reach out a hand to the fox.

Gorgug: (whispering) Guys. What did the fox say?

Brennan: The fox looks up at you—

Ally shakes their finger disapprovingly at Zac.

Fabian: Hey, what did the fox say?

Brennan: I mean, if we reference a meme that is truly 100 years old--

Siobhan: We're restarting it, baby.

Lou: It’s not a meme, it’s a song. It's an incredible song by two incredible
artists.

Brennan: (groaning) You see that the—

Ally: Uh oh.

Siobhan: Get in the comments, guys.

Brennan: Not my catchphrase.

(laughing)

Brennan: You see that the fox looks up at you, with 27 Persuasion, you hold
out your hand, you see the fox goes,

Fox: (an old, warm, and kind voice) A handshake for a fox? My goodness, I
accept.

Brennan: And you see he puts the paw up.

[Emily and Brennan mime shaking hand and paw]

Fox: Hello!

Fig: Okay, I'm leading this handshake.

Brennan: You may see that this fox is an older animal. He's a spry, slinky
kind of fox, but he's clearly up there in years. So, you see he looks up and
says,

Fox: Well, I appreciate the deference and respect. Normally, outsiders don't
necessarily pay me that sort of kindness.

Ally: I bow to the fox.

Fox: Oh, we're fully doing it. Okay.

Emily: All right, I bow, too.

Murph: And, I also bow to him.

Fabian: (bowing) Lord fox.

Brennan: You see that the woman speaks and says,

Mira: Good morning, or I should say afternoon. My name is Mira Silverbow. This
is the leader of our encampment, Nuathera the Fox.

Brennan: You see the fox says,

Nuathera: I'm Nuathera.

(laughing)

Fig: Hi Nuathera. I'm Fig. (pointing) This is Gorgug, that's Adaine.

Nuathera: Oh?

Fabian: Fabian.

Fig: (pointing) That's Fabian, that's Kristen, that's Riz, and this is Gilear.

Nuathera: You all smell like good food, like fish and shrimps.

Gorgug: And, we needed a lot of crab.

Adaine: You want some?

Fig: Cra-chos.

Riz: We went a little seafood crazy.

Fabian: Do you uh, want one?

[Lou mimes patting his pockets then grunts, tossing a shrimp towards Brennan]

Brennan: You toss a warm pocket shrimp to the fox.

(laughing)

Brennan: The fox jumps up and (slurp) grabs it.

Nuathera: Ooh, that's quite good.

Kristen: Right?

Nuathera: It's extremely good. And, you know Grover Tillythatch?

Fig: Oh, yeah, Grover invited me to stay here any time I wanted, so I'm taking
him up on the offer. I'm a rockstar, so he's probably kissing a bit of butt,
you know?

Brennan: Mira furrows her brow and says,

Mira: A rock star?

Adaine: A bard, a musician.

Mira: You're a troubadour. Oh, I see the stringed Solisian instrument on your
back.

Brennan: You see that she looks around and says,

Mira: You come here bearing strange objects. You have a house on wheels, a
very small house.

Brennan: And you see that she says,

Mira: Strange to bring such objects here.

Brennan: You see Nuathera looks up and says,

Nuathera: Mira, Grover Tillythatch lives in Solace. These are clearly
Solisians. This all checks out. It's all right. Well, welcome to Arborly. (to
Fig) Do you speak for the group here? Your guardian, Sandra Lynn of the wood
elves, and your advisor, Gilear Faeth, were speaking on your behalf but said
that they are in fact servants of yours, even though you are youths. Is this
correct?

Fig: Yes.

Adaine: Well, they're actually her parents.

Fig: Yeah, they're my parents.

Nuathera: Your parents work for you?

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: I don’t, uh—

Adaine: Showbiz is a complicated—

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You see Gilear goes,

Gilear: I actually work for the collective. I'm an intern.

Fig: No, Gilear.

Adaine: No, Gilear.

Fig: You've been promoted to advisor.

Adaine: You're an assistant.

(laughing)

Brennan: So, you see that Nuathera says,

Nuathera: I don't know those words too well, but it sounds like we've just
seen a promotion! Congratulations.

Brennan: You see that Gilear says,

Gilear: Thank you. It's actually kind of huge for me.

Emily: I'm gonna message Adaine and say,

Fig: Should we just be straight with them, that we're going into the Nightmare
Forest?

[soft ambient music plays]

Adaine: Oh, uh.. Maybe? That makes me nervous. Everything makes me nervous.
Sure, why not?

Fig: We're going into the Nightmare Forest.

Brennan: Arrows full back.

Emily: Okay!

Brennan: All of that. Go ahead and give me another Persuasion check with
disadvantage.

Siobhan: Can I give her the help action?

Brennan: I'm gonna actually ask, hit a DC10 Persuasion yourself to be able to
cancel out the disadvantage.

Siobhan: Nope.

Brennan: Nope. You have a little twinge of anxiety. You know that you should
say something, but—

Ally: (to Emily) You still get a d4.

Siobhan: I just slightly slip behind her.

Brennan: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah!

(dice rolling)

Emily: It's gonna be a— Oh, wait! My Persuasion’s really good. Okay, that is
gonna be an 18.

Brennan: 18\. Cool.

Zac: That’s crazy.

(laughing)

Brennan: That’s amazing. Cool. As they all draw bows, you see that Mira looks
angry, but Nuathera doesn't look angry, but you see that his little fox's
smile fades. What does Fig say in this sort of tense moment?

Fig: Sorry, sorry. I'm really sorry. That was an idea. We're part of a
charity, we bring—

Adaine: I'm the Oracle, and was the Elven Oracle, but I decided to be the
Oracle for all people because I think that being the Oracle for just the elves
is immoral, and it's a thing that we have to do. It's a prophecy.

Brennan: Anyone who wants to go ahead and give me an Insight check.

(dice rolling)

Murph: Sweet.

Siobhan: Hell, yeah.

Lou: Oh, that just went into the--

Siobhan: Into my coffee.

Murph: I got a 21 Insight.

Siobhan: I got a 25 Insight.

Ally: Oh, yeah! I got--

Brennan: Did anyone here beat a 20?

Ally: By far. I got a 25.

Siobhan: 25.

Brennan: (pointing) 25, 25.

Murph: 21.

Brennan: You guys all see it. As Adaine starts talking and says, "oracle," you
see rangers whispering to each other and pointing at Adaine. Mira furrows her
brow and Nuathera cocks his head to the side and says,

Nuathera: Yes. You are a high elf?

Adaine: Mhm.

Nuathera: And you are truly the Elven Oracle, I do not detect any lie in your
words.

[mystical, twinkling music]

Nuathera: Do you, as the Oracle who knows many secrets, know of any other high
elves who are seeking passage into the Forest of the Nightmare King?

Adaine: Well, I think it's possible that two might have done that.

Nuathera: Two that bear your same flaxen hair, and the blue of your eyes.

Adaine: Yes, but we are not working with them. In fact, we are rather
explicitly working against them. That's why we're trying to get into the
forest.

Murph: Riz is really sweaty.

(laughing)

Murph: Just super hungover and nervous about being around a bunch of people.

Siobhan: Shrimp sweats.

Emily: I'm prune-y from the hot tub.

Brennan: You see that Nuathera looks up and says,

Nuathera: You're not working with them?

Siobhan: No.

Nuathera: Huh. I see.

Kristen: Are you working for them?

Brennan: Nuathera smiles. Mira says,

Mira: Still your tongue, human.

Riz: (whispering to Kristen) So, that's a no.

Kristen: (whispering) That's a no.

Fig: (whispering) I'm sorry guys. I really thought maybe honesty was my new
role in life, but I'm gonna go back to deceit.

(various sounds of disagreement)

Riz: That's good. It’s good. I support you.

Adaine: Maybe, maybe context based—

Gorgug: (frustrated) What the hell are we talking about?

(laughing)

Riz: You're the crab king. Crab king.

Brennan: Yeah, Ragh is in the back with you, also unable to speak elven. He's
like,

Ragh: Things seem fucking tense.

Gorgug: I think they got it, though.

(laughing)

Riz: We think there's a demonic plot to do something in these woods.

Brennan: You see that they look around, Mira says,

Mira: A demonic plot. Is that why your tiefling leader in this clearly
infernal contraption—

Brennan: She points to the Hangman,

Mira: \--have come here to attempt to stop this?

Adaine: This contraption's actually pretty celestial. If you'd like to do—

Brennan: The Hangman.

Adaine: Oh, the Hangman is definitely uh.. Yeah.

Riz: We have a lot of vehicles and they all have similar names.

Adaine: Morality is complex and the heavens and the hells hold more than we
know or can understand.

Mira: Morality's complex.

Adaine: Yes.

Mira: I would expect a high elf to say nothing else.

Brennan: Nuathera cuts that off right away and says,

Nuathera: I understand. We are in a little bit of a tizzy as a village. For
the past several months, a high elven woman took up residence here.

Fig: In this tree?

Nuathera: Not in this tree. She had a room in the Owl and Harp, which is an
elvish tavern some small distance away. She took on the service of one of our
own, a wood elf named Killian. Killian was a drunkard, and a bit of a cruel
man, but he ended up offering his services to this high elf woman.

She kept to herself and her business was much her own, but she did have some
interactions with the gnomes at the Tinkerer's Hall. Last, I suppose now two
nights ago, another high elven woman arrived here looking much the worse for
wear.

Fabian: And gassy?

Brennan: You see that Mira says,

Mira: How'd you know that?

(Emily laughing)

Mira: Her stench— Her stench filled the night as she walked.

Fig: I think someone had a really good idea, and it didn't work out.

Mira: It was extremely— I mean everyone farts, right? But it was extremely
jarring 'cause she clearly couldn't control it and not all of them were purely
farts.

(laughing)

Fabian: Oh boy.

Mira: Many of them tread on the other side of the line.

Fig: They smelled and sounded so potently so someone could follow her, even if
she was invisible.

Mira: She had to look for the other high elven woman at the Owl and Harp, and
she, I think, was so embarrassed that she started crying.

Gorgug: Ragh, I think through body language, they're talking about farts. I
don't know why.

(laughing)

Ragh: Yeah, you can tell from the nose curl they're smelling the air.

Gorgug: It's a lot of. [fans his face]

Ragh: [copies the motion] Yeah, absolutely.

Brennan: You see Nuathera says,

Nuathera: Two nights ago, Killian and both high elves vanished.

Fig: Two nights ago.

Kristen: That's bad.

Fig: Into thin air or into the shadows?

Nuathera: Can't be sure.

Zac: Is there a world where I understood the elvish word for “tinkerer”?

Brennan: I think that Tracker is translating some of this for you guys, yeah.

Gorgug: I'm curious why they were meeting at the Tinkerer's Hall.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: What's going on with the tinkerers?

Adaine: Our friend's parents are gnomish tinkerers.

Zac: I speak gnomish. Can I come over here with--

Brennan: Yeah.

Fig: Yeah, could you take over?

Zac: (silly upbeat accent) Hey.

(laughing)

Brennan: You walk over. You speak gnomish. You see that Nuathera speaks
gnomish, as well.

Gorgug: Hey. I'm Gorgug, I'm also a part of this group.

Brennan: You see Mira turns to Nuathera and says,

Mira: [disapprovingly] This group travels with elves, orcs, and goblins?

Brennan: And Nuathera looks up and says something. Who here speaks Sylvan?

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: Nope. He says something in Sylvan and Mira kind of lowers her head
and he says,

Nuathera: What is your name?

Gorgug: I'm Gorgug Thistlespring.

Nuathera: Gor— Thistlespring?

Gorgug: My parents are gnomes, tinkerers, and I think I overheard something
about tinkerers, and I was wondering what they were doing with those?

Nuathera: Yes. We have a large part of our community are gnomes here. The
druid who gave their life to reclaim Arborly from the Forest of the Nightmare
King was a gnome, and the gnomes have lived here under the protection of the
wood elves for some time, and in exchange for their protection have worked on
their magic and made this place livable and safe, even under the shadow of the
forest.

Ally: I message Gorgug and say,

Kristen: Ask what the person's name is. Everyone yells at me when I talk.

(Emily laughing)

Gorgug: Wait, someone gave their life for that? Who was that?

Nuathera: Grafmy Rootdrinker. This was about 200 years ago.

Brennan: You see the fox, his eyes well up with tears a little bit.

Nuathera: Grafmy was a hero and a very good friend.

Gorgug: I'm sorry to hear that. I'm sorry. What were we talking about?

Riz: The tinkerers?

Gorgug: The tinkerers. Do you know why— do you have any idea why they could've
gone over there?

Nuathera: We've asked the Tinkerers what business Killian would come on for
occasion. We believe it to have been spell components. The Tinkerers are not
necessarily wizards, but they do keep many of the components that both
artificers and wizards would use in their doings, but the Tinkerer's Hall is a
wonderful bloom to this place.

They've helped us hollow out the trees without the trees dying, and create our
homes, and keep this place hidden and safe. So, we owe them a great deal. If
you wish to visit and you know gnomish ways, I'm sure they would be delighted.
It's right near the Owl and Harp, which is the gnomish tavern, as well. Much
of the, let me put it this way, this was originally a wood elven settlement,
but much of the heart of our little town is gnomish, the tavern, the
Tinkerer's Hall.

Brennan: The wood elves, you see, looks around to their companions, and he's
speaking gnomish. You see a lot of the elves seem to not be understanding what
he's saying in gnomish. He's like,

Nuathera: The elves, they're dedicated to their mission here. Most of the wood
elves who live here are part of Mira's order and rangers. You are welcome here
if Grover Tillythatch, I take you on your word, and you seem a lovely young
bunch, though we have not had such a wild and a fascinating assortment of
folks come through Arborly in some time. I would ask why you seek the Forest
of the Nightmare King. You say that there are demonic pacts on the other side?

Gorgug: Well, I think, it feels like the Nightmare King, someone's trying to
bring the Nightmare King back, and we're trying to stop it.

Brennan: You say the Nightmare King. The other elves don't know what you're
saying because you're speaking in gnomish, but Nuathera's eyes go wide and he
says,

Nuathera: The return of the Nightmare King? The Nightmare King was destroyed.
His crown, I believe, taken to a deep pit under a pyramid or something along
those lines, kept in one of the safest places and the group of adventurers
from Solace came and stowed it away somewhere safe where it could never be
found.

Riz: It was in, like a dude's office.

Nuathera: What?

Riz: It was just in like a dude's office.

Nuathera: (voice raising) What? It's an incredibly powerful talisman.

Adaine: Just at our school.

Nuathera: At your school?!

Fabian: I could have taken it. I didn't take it, but I could have.

Riz: Yeah we saw it. We went in-- we were going through this dude's garbage.
We saw this crown.

Fig: It was practically next to the lost and found box.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: It was in a dude's office.

Kristen: This is just a different crown of seafood if you wanna crab—

Nuathera: (yelling) I don't want crab right now. That crown, if it gets to the
Nightmare King—

Kristen: See, everyone yells at me.

Nuathera: Arborly's gonna be destroyed. All of this will be for nothing.

Riz: Trust me, this is our whole thing, is stopping the Nightmare King.

Gorgug: I'm gonna run over to the Tinkerer's place.

Fabian: It’s 60% of our grade.

Nuathera: What's that?

Fabian: 60% of our grade. We’re students.

Adaine: So, it's very important.

Nuathera: You've come here to save our entire way of life because the crown of
the Nightmare King, instead of being deep inside some kind of temple, was on a
shelf in an office—

Gorgug: (defensive) We didn't put it on the shelf.

Adaine: We didn’t put it there.

Fabian: We didn’t put it there.

Riz: We didn’t put it there. We go to the school. This is one of our teachers.
This is one of our mentors.

Gorgug: I'm gonna run over to the tinkerer place at an alarming speed.

(laughing)

Gorgug: I don't want anyone to shoot me with an arrow. Is that okay?

Nuathera: Oh, no. Well, where's the— I'm sorry, where is the Nightmare King's
crown now?

Adaine: We think that my mother has it. So, she's gone with Killian and my
sister with the crown of the Nightmare King into the forest.

Fig: That's why we're trying to stop her.

Adaine: That's why we're trying to stop it.

Fabian: Yeah.

Gorgug: Yep.

Brennan: Nuathera looks up and says something in Sylvan to Mira. Mira actually
sort of is incredulous. They speak in Sylvan for a moment. Nuathera says,

Nuathera: We do not have a way to help you, but every resource of our village
is at your disposal if indeed the crown of the Nightmare King has even a
chance of crossing the border.

Fabian: Hell, yeah.

Fig: Okay. So, telling the truth can sometimes be good.

Gorgug: It worked out.

Adaine: Yeah. A good lesson for you.

Riz: I support you. Spring break.

Kristen: Do you guys think that they--

Riz: Spring break, everybody.

Fabian: I believe in you. I believe in you.

Brennan: Gilear looks at you all and says,

Gilear: Spring break.

All: Spring break.

Riz: I support you.

Adaine: I have a question. I had a vision, Oracle, of a wood elf who was sort
of half-dead and attached to a tree that was feeding him, and he could see me.
Is that a thing that you might know anything about?

Kristen: Can you ask to see a photo of Killian?

Adaine: Oh! Do you mean so I can scry on Killian?

Kristen: Or to see if it was the same person who looked at you.

Adaine: Oh, yeah.

Fabian: I don't think photos exist.

Adaine: I don't think it would be because Killian was in--

Gorgug: Killian's a gnome, right?

Brennan: No, Killian's a wood elf.

Kristen: Yeah, and they need a wood elf to--

Adaine: But they don't have photographs.

Fabian: Yeah. I mean we could describe him--

Fig: If we go to Killian’s house though, we could get his hair.

Riz: Do you know what-- do you know what um, Killian. Could you describe
Killian to us, and can you describe what this druid hero Rootdrinker looked
like?

Nuathera: Yes. Killian keeps his hair cropped short, brown hair, hazel eyes.
Unlike a lot of elves, he actually has a small beard. He was able to grow
facial hair.

Brennan: Immediately, you know it's not the person.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Not the person you saw. Unless the dude grew a beard out in two
hours.

Kristen: And the Rootdrinker was a druid?

Nuathera: Grafmy Rootdrinker was a gnomish druid.

Riz: Gnome, okay got it.

Kristen: Gnomish druid. Okay, cool. Okay.

Fabian: Cool.

Riz: Great.

Gorgug: (hesitant) Are you— Were you the familiar of that—

Nuathera: I was the companion for Grafmy.

Kristen: Aw.

Nuathera: He was very kind. He awakened me when I was a pup, and I had many
adventures with Grafmy, and now I look after the town and the place he
reclaimed. Places of note that would be helpful here, I would talk to the
Tinkerers in their hall, the Owl and the Harp knew the comings and goings, at
least, of that high elven woman.

The only other thing I can think, we, of course, have been trying for as long
as memory can give to find a way past the wall, and we cannot, but you are
welcome to investigate it, and perhaps you have magic that we do not have
access to, and you might also try, there is a possible entry point that might
be easier, at least it's on the ground, which is the Shrine of Thorns.

Brennan: And, you see that Mira looks at him and says,

Mira: You offered them the Shrine of Thorns?

Brennan: He says,

Nuathera: If what they say is true, then we are all in grave peril unless
action is taken quickly.

Brennan: Nuathera looks up at you and says,

Nuathera: (sighing) The Shrine of Thorns is not a special place. It is not any
great temple. It was just this village's shrine to a forgotten goddess of
Sylvaire, who--

Adaine: Heard of her.

Nuathera: [looks surprised] Miraculous. The shrine is called the Shrine of
Thorns because it is at the very edge of what we were able to reclaim.
Grafmy's sacrifice enabled us to reach the front of the shrine, but the actual
dais of the chapel, and it is a small shrine, is still claimed by briars of
the briar wall.

Kristen: Do you know anything about Landrin Lier?

Brennan: Hold on one second. (dice rolling) They look up. You see the people
look around, sort of shrug. Mira goes,

Mira: It's a wood elven name, but not familiar.

Adaine: What about the Sylvairian Heresy?

Brennan: (dice rolling) You see that Mira shrugs, looks over at Nuathera.
Nuathera says,

Nuathera: That sounds like the exact sort of cleric nonsense that Grafmy did
everything possible to avoid. But...

Brennan: You see—

Kristen: Just to recap, do they need to put the crystal of the demon into—

Adaine: Into a person and then sacrifice them.

Kristen: A wood elf?

Riz: Yeah, I think it's likely that Killian is in great danger.

Kristen: Yeah.

Riz: I think Killian is a stooge, probably.

Fig: Do you think they're beyond though? Do you think they've already gone
through?

Riz: No, I don't think so 'cause the wall's still up, right?

Adaine: I can Scry for them.

Fig: But I'm saying, I'm wondering if I could because I'm infernal, I know
most magic won't be able to get by it, but if I did a really fiery Dimension
Door, if I could just Dimension Door to that dais that's covered in thorns.

Riz: They want to-- So, here's something that's bad. It seems like the good
guys here want to get rid of this wall, but so do the bad guys. Right? Is that
wrong?

Gorgug: I thought that they had already gone through with Gorthalax's crystal.

Fig: Why don't you Scry on your mom and sister?

Adaine: Yeah. It takes 10 minutes.

Kristen: Can you do something to talk to your dad in the crystal? Is that
crazy?

Fig: I don't have any spells. I'll Message if he's within 100-- No, I think I
have to see him to Message. Yeah, I don't have any spells that do that kinda
of stuff.

Kristen: No daughter's intuition?

Fig: I mean, I can try.

Fabian: Yeah, don't you have a feat, daughter's intuition?

Emily: Yeah, can I tap into my daughter's intuition?

(laughing)

Brennan: Sure, what—

Adaine: Actually, can I do Locate Creature on my mom before I waste my one
fifth level spell on scrying?

Brennan: Absolutely. You see Nuathera walks over to you and says,

Nuathera: You have your leave to venture through the town. I apologize for the
aggressive welcome.

Adaine: Fully understandable.

Brennan: You see that he says,

Nuathera: You have your leave to travel here. The Nightmare King was defeated
by a strange band of Solisians who came to these lands, even before my time,
and we are delighted.

Brennan: You see that he eyes Mira and says,

Nuathera: Even if we don't look it, for a strange band of Solisians to once
again appear at our doorstep.

Kristen: Thank you. Would you like a little shrimp on each paw?

Nuathera: [delighted] Each paw?

Kristen: Mhm.

Nuathera:  Yes!

(Emily laughing)

(Brennan chomping)

Kristen: Yes, I love it.

Fabian: (clapping) Yes!

Brennan: So, you see the fox who's kind of the mayor of the town or something.

Lou: The fox mayor.

Brennan: You see that Nuathera says,

Nuathera: If you need me, the rangers will be active throughout the day, any
ranger may call to me, I will come swiftly as my legs can carry me, but feel
free, again, to the town's resources, such as I have the authority to offer
them, are yours. And I will let the people of the town know you are to be
helped and with all urgency in this matter.

Brennan: You see he looks at you specifically, Fig, and says,

Nuathera: Thank you for your forthrightness.

Fig: Oh, you're welcome.

Kristen: Great job.

Fig: Thanks, guys. Yeah. I'm trying it out.

Kristen: Something's different about you.

Fig: Nothing's different about me. I'm the same as I ever was. What are you
implying?

Riz: Did you get your kiss--

Brennan: Tracker on a natural 17 looks at you and says,

Tracker: Something is different about you.

Adaine: Is your hair singed?

Murph: Can I investigate Fig to see if Fig got her kisses in?

(laughing)

Brennan: Everyone roll an insight—

Fig: How did I get my kisses in? How?

(dice rolling)

Riz: You were gone for a while

Siobhan: I got a 17 Insight.

Murph: I got a 28 Investigative.

(laughing)

Brennan: (incredulous) A 28 Investigative?

Emily: Wait, wait, wait. I get to roll. I get to roll. Okay.

Brennan: Roll Deception.

Emily: Okay, Deception, and since I have my actor feat can I get advantage on
it?

Brennan: I'm gonna say that you're not pretending to be another person, you're
trying to conceal something, so this is a flat Deception check. What was your
Investigation?

Murph: 28.

Brennan: 28.

Ally: You also have the four, the d4 from me.

Emily: Okay. Even with a d4 I can't. I got a 22.

Brennan: 22\. Uh, Riz.

Emily: Wait, luck point!

(laughing)

Zac: Oh, my god.

Emily: 27\. Luck point.

(laughing)

Zac: No!

Emily: 27 again. My last luck point.

Murph: Oh, my god.

Ally: You could roll the d4!

Siobhan: Idiot.

Ally: Roll the d4 on any of those!

Emily: I got a four. I beat it, I beat it, I beat it, I beat it! Woo!

Brennan: You burnt—

Ally: Oh my god!

Brennan: You were at the fucking threshold of the Nightmare King's forest—

Emily: I only burned through two of them, I only burned two of them!

Brennan: And you burnt through two luck points to not get found out about your
crush!

Murph: Oh, my god.

Brennan: This is the most teen shit I've ever seen in my life. Hoo, baby!

Fig: What do you see, Riz? What do you see?

Riz: I don't know. I guess, did you have some good crab?

Brennan: Ragh looks and says,

Ragh: Fig had good crab!

Fabian: I left the good crab by the hot tub. Oh! Okay! You had good crab!

Brennan: Nuathera and the wood elves peel off, Sandra Lynn turns to you and
says,

Sandra Lynn: All right, gang. We appear to be in a safe spot right now. Do we
want to split up, cover more territory? Sounds like time might be of the
essence, but maybe we should hold off for Adaine, for you to hit that Scrying?

Adaine: Oh, yeah.

Siobhan: Can I cast Locate Creature first and see if they're within 1000 feet?

Brennan: Cool. You cast locate creature, do not detect within 1000 feet.

Siobhan: Okay, then I will Scry on, yeah, my mother because Aelwen has
Abjurative magic, so I feel like she would maybe be able to hide herself.

Brennan: Hell, yeah. Hold on one—

Zac: Gorgug’s gonna run towards the tinkerers.

Lou: Can I hop on—

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: You're gonna head there right now? Do you need any company with
you while you head there or no?

Gorgug: I don't know. If anybody wants to come, they can come.

Adaine: Take Ragh with you, right?

Gorgug: Ragh.

Fabian: I can hop on the Hangman.

Riz: I'll go to the tavern.

Brennan: Cool.

Fabian: I'll take us there if as many of us wanna ride on the Hangman, as
possible.

Adaine: I could also go to the tavern.

Riz: Okay.

Brennan: Cool. Ragh's like,

Ragh: Hell yeah, man. Let's do it. Hoot growl.

Brennan: So, Ragh's gonna go with you. And Fabian, and are you heading with
them? Cool. So, the Owlbears all with the Hangman, all head to the Tinkerer's
Hall, Adaine and Riz are heading to the Owl and the Harp, but Adaine, you do
your Scrying first. Okay?

Siobhan: Yeah. So, they-- the target must make their Wisdom saving throw,
which is modified by how well you know the target. So, I know her firsthand.
So, that's minus five to her, and I also have her likeness or picture, and
that's minus two, so it's minus seven.

Brennan: Minus seven to her roll.

Siobhan: Do I get more than that because she's my literal mother and so I have
genes?

Brennan: Your literal mother. You share mitochondria with her. Yeah.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: I'm gonna say minus seven is pretty good.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: So, we'll just go with a minus seven. ♪ Ba ba bum ♪

Ally: Do you have Divination, also?

Siobhan: Yes, but I rolled well for my Divination rolls, which is not useful.

Brennan: And, that is a Wisdom saving throw?

Siobhan: It's a Wisdom saving throw, yes.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: That’s a Wisdom saving throw.

Brennan: (vibrating his lips) Adaine, your sensor shows you-- Hold on one
second.

[calm, light music stops abruptly and eerie, sinister music fades in]

Siobhan: Uh oh. The music changed.

Brennan: You put your sensor up. You are in a forest so dark and twisted.

Describing how knotted, gnarled, and twisted the limbs are here, it is better
and easier to describe this place as almost being subterranean than like a
forest. Telling what is a trunk and what is a limb and what is a branch,
everything is tunnel's of interlocked branches. It has the vibe of caves
almost, made of knotted, gnarled trees. Sometimes traveling on the ground is
possible, sometimes not. You get this image of this insane, nightmare-ish
forest. You see three figures walking, your mother in a deep elven traveling
cloak, you see that she has nasty scars on her. Give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Uh, 15.

Brennan: 15? You look at the scars on her. You're guessing related to the
curse, and on 15—

Siobhan: The crown's curse?

Brennan: On a 15, you're wondering if the curse that your mom got broke was
the crown's curse. You know that this crown has some intense stuff on it, but
it's also a possibility that Fallinel just placed a curse on this to track it
or stop someone from stealing, doing exactly what your mom did, and it looks
like your mom suffered the consequences before she was able to get to Garthy
and have them break the curse. Another figure is walking with her, Aelwen, who
is dressed in wood elven traveling garb.

[the music intensifies for a moment, dark and crashing]

Siobhan: Sneaky.

Brennan: Sneaky. And, there is a wood elf traveling with them. The wood elf
isn't wearing boots or a shirt. You see that just bloody footsteps move behind
him. His eyes burn with a dull, red glow, blood has seeped out of his eye
sockets into his beard, and his throat has been slit. And from the slit in his
throat, his sternum broken apart, and you see a fire roiling in the open,
exposed wound of his wide chest, and a gem (rumbling) glowing inside him.

Is there anyone near-- or when you cast the Scrying, where are you?

Siobhan: I feel like I'm where we were, like next to the Hangman.

Brennan: So, you do this real quick before people-- I think maybe you guys
head to the Tinkerer's Hall, you do this.

Riz: Yeah. I’m with--

Brennan: As you cast this scrying, immediately, and you see that there is a
dull, red glow ahead of them, like the burning ruby in this exposed chest that
has been ripped open is just casting red light about 20 feet of radiance ahead
of it as they move through. Killian, this wood elf, Riz was correct, this is
now a puppet. This is just like moving through and this would have been Riz if
you had not saved him at the Hotel Cavalier. The moment your Scrying happens,
Aelwen turns up (dice rolling) hits your scrying sensor, dispels it.

Siobhan: I relay all of that to everybody that's still here.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check with advantage, if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: (dice rolling) Ooh, baby. Uh, 25.

Brennan: None of the three people that were traveling spotted your sensor. It
was too fast.

[bare, spooky piano music that turns into something darker]

Siobhan: Mhm... Can I Message—

Adaine: I think Kalina might, can you see Kalina right here? Is Kalina here?

Riz: I don't see Kalina.

Ally: I look for Kalina also. I would be able to see her, too.

Zac: I can't see her. Or, I can't see that photo at least, I don’t know if—

Brennan: Yeah. You look around for Kalina. Riz, make a perception check for
me, and Kristen, as well.

Murph: (dice rolling) 19.

Ally: (dice rolling) Nat 20.

Brennan: Kristen, off in the shadows you just see a pair of eyes looking out
at you.

Kristen: Fuck you!

(Ally laughing)

Brennan: The eyes are narrow and the pupils go until they are razor thin.

Kristen: We know who you are.

Kalina: You don't even know what I am.

Kristen: Uh huh.

Brennan: You see Kalina steps out. Riz, you cannot see Kalina right now. You
see that Kalina steps out, looks at you and says,

[eerie piano music]

Kalina: Here at the threshold. You got a big wall of briars ahead of you, kid.
It's very good that you guys won't be able to make it through that briar wall
because if you did, I'd kill you.

Kristen: (laughing)

Kalina: Laugh it up, ‘cause if you crack this case and get to the other side
of the wall? You, Riz, you're all dead. But, to make it easy for you, 'cause I
want you to know that I'm right, I'll take Tracker out first.

Kristen: Oh. Wow.

Kalina: Cool.

Kristen: Gosh, that's so crazy 'cause you've been hiding in the shadows for
literally forever. Crazy that you came out in time just to make a couple
threats. What's your name?

Kalina: My name?

Kristen: Yeah, do you have a name?

Kalina: You can call me Kalina.

Kristen: Okay.

Brennan: You see she looks and says,

Kalina: I'm gonna be really honest with you.

Ally: I take out a cortado.

(laughing)

Kristen: [sips drink] Go on.

Kalina: The only reason you and your friends are alive is that you've been
[holds hand in front of her chest] down here, a nuisance, not even a full
problem. You've never for a minute been in between me and what I want.

Kristen: What do you want?

Kalina: I want you to stay out of that fucking forest.

Brennan: [snaps] And she vanishes.

Kristen: (frantic) You guys, I'm so scared. Hold me. Hold me. Hold me!

Adaine: You were so cool. You looked so cool.

Kristen: Hold me!

Emily: Can I try to walk through where she was talking to?

Fig: Where was she? Where was she?

(laughing)

Kristen: (freaked out whimpering)

Adaine: I was fooled. You had me fooled.

Kristen: (freaked out whimpering) I need everyone to dogpile on top of me and
just kinda hold me down.

Brennan: Tracker jumps on you.

Kristen: Oh, my god. Tracker, she's gonna kill you. She's gonna kill you
first!

Tracker: Why, why, no why?

Kristen: She claimed she would kill you first.

Tracker: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Ally: I barf.

(laughing)

Adaine: Oh, my god, so foamy. So much coffee.

Fig: I recommend that bush over there. It's already been barfed in.

Ally: It's all coffee and shrimp.

(laughing)

Kristen: (shouting in pain and fear)

Riz: If you barf, I'm gonna barf. (retching)

Tracker: We had too much shrimp, guys. Too much shrimp.

Fig: Everyone, use the barf bush.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: What did Kalina say to you?

Ally: Okay, I relay everything to everyone.

Brennan: Cool. You see that Tracker's rubbing small circles on your back and
going,

Tracker: Radical honesty. This is great. You just say everything. This is
great, this is great.

Kristen takes a couple grounding breaths.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: You okay, Kristen? That sounds really fucked up. Are you good?

Kristen: I mean, now that I'm being pressed into the grass by my friends, yes.

Brennan: (laughing) Sandra Lynn looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay. I'm gonna take off on Baxter and I'm just gonna scan briar
wall and give us some more ideas, see if anything else happened around here.
It sounds like our Owl Bears went over to Tinkerer's Hall, it sounds like you
two are gonna head off to the Owl and the Harp.

Ally: Before we all go, and in my state of shock, I just wanna say,

Kristen: Maybe this won't work. Hopefully, it will. But, we can't control
that.

Adaine: It's gonna get inspiring any second.

[Zac mimes running and Lou makes motorcycle revving sounds]

(laughing)

Kristen: It's like, how many failures can you take? I love all you guys.

Zac: Are you texting?

Ally: I'm texting it to you guys. You're getting like part 1 of 48.

Brennan: All you get is failed to deliver, failed to deliver, failed to
deliver.

Kristen: So really, trying is the most that we could do. She seems really
powerful, and we're not, you know?

Ally: But yeah, now you guys all got 16 temporary hit points.

Brennan: Riz. Go ahead and give me an Investigation roll.

Murph: 28.

Ally: Whoa, yeah.

Brennan: [laughing a little] 28? You didn't see Kalina. You didn't see Kalina.
Not only did you not see Kalina, you were looking at where Kristen was. While
Kristen was having that conversation and everyone else was tense, you were
clue hunting. You take out your little magnifying glass. The grass that Kalina
was stepping on has no trace, no bend to it, no crease, no nothing.

Adaine: Look at that photograph.

Murph: I pull out the photograph and look at it.

Brennan: You see her fine.

Murph: I see her?

Brennan: You see her in the photograph.

Fig: Oh, so it was just some kind of hologram. It was specifically some sort
of hologram just to Kristen.

Adaine: But, she cast Counterspell on me.

Kristen: Wait, didn't your sister cast Counterspell?

Brennan: Your sister cast Counterspell on you.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: When you were doing the Scrying.

Siobhan: Oh, to get rid of the scrying. Oh, it was Aelwyn.

Brennan: That was Aelwyn. Aelwyn turned around and zapped it.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: But, Aelwyn turned around. She didn't spot you.

Siobhan: Oh, she just knew, was told somehow.

Brennan: Almost, yeah. Was told it was there.

Adaine: Okay. So, she's at least watching us in some way?

Fig: She's at least— I mean, it means that she's somewhere that she's busy
enough that she can't physically be here.

Riz: Right. I don't know if she's ever physically—

Fig: Anywhere.

Adaine: Yeah.

Riz: Anywhere.

Brennan: As soon as you say that, Riz, you think about the fact that Pok's
sleeve isn't bent.

Ally: Yes!

Siobhan: Touching anything.

Brennan: Isn't touching anything. People that can't see Kalina don't see the
sleeve there. The grass isn't bent. You're not sure if Kalina exists
physically anywhere.

Riz: Yeah, I think she's full of shit when she says that we can’t—

Kristen: She has to work through workers.

Riz: The reason she's not going after us is because we're not a big enough
nuisance yet, I think she doesn't—

Fig: She can't.

Riz: I think this ritual, whatever your mom and sister are working on is gonna
make her whole.

Fig: Is gonna give her a body.

[dark, sinister music]

Kristen: And, they're deep in there, right?

Riz: ‘Cause she’s the— she’s the what?

Adaine: When we were in Leviathan, didn't she hurt you or threaten to hurt
you?

Fig: I think she’s the… goddess.

Riz: She threatened. I jumped out a window. (laughing) She didn't hurt—

Adaine: But, that was all you. You did all that damage to yourself?

(laughing)

Brennan: You guys—

Riz: Well, I got sleep paralysis, so she can affect like, our dreams.

Zac: I'm running with—

Brennan: Yeah, you guys.

Fabian: Last night was so much fun.

Brennan: You guys, yeah, you head off, and Riz, you also come back to the fact
that in the photograph, Kalina didn't drink, was not holding a glass.

Adaine: Can't hold anything, maybe.

Riz: She doesn't drink anything.

Fig: Did she eat?

Adaine: Maybe she can't, she's incorporeal.

Kristen: Yes.

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: But, I think she—

Fig: They're trying to give her a body.

Riz: Yeah.

Kristen: How could she be there enough to tell Aelwyn to Counterspell? Is she
just kind of omnipotent, omnipresent?

Adaine: She's in our head, man. And, she's in your head and she's in your
head.

Fig: She's been in my head.

Brennan: Give me Intelligence checks, those people that are having this
conversation. So, this is just Fig, Adaine, Kristen, and Riz.

Siobhan: Just a check?

Brennan: Yeah. This is just a raw Intelligence check.

Emily: That's gonna be a really hearty 8 for me.

Brennan: Hearty 8, gotcha.

Siobhan: Mm 12.

Murph: Fuckin' 3\. 4.

(dice rolling)

Ally: 11.

Emily: I'm gonna give-- Oh, wait. Who had the highest one? Okay, nevermind. I
was gonna do Bardic Inspiration for my—

Ally: Shady.

Emily: I know, I can’t.

Lou: Shady.

(laughing)

Brennan: Cool. You guys are there having this conversation.

Ally: Oh, the 11 didn't crack it?

Brennan: The 11 did not crack it.

Siobhan: How ‘bout the 12?

Ally: Oh, wait! Human Determination. I get one re-roll.

Brennan: Yeah. Go for it.

(dice rolling)

Ally: Don't look at me. Don't look at me!

(laughing)

Ally: It was a 4!

Siobhan: You did throw it really beautifully, though.

Murph: You're still on the ground being held down by everyone, so. It might be
hard to--

Kristen: (shouting) I love you guys. The weight of my friends.

(laughing)

Siobhan: It's like a weighted blanket.

Brennan: Yeah, you were talking about Kalina, her not appearing to be
corporeal or anything like that, and then you said the thing about being in
your heads. I think that you guys dwell on that for a second because there is
some—

None of your rolls were super high, but there is something there about, she
was asking you questions. How in your head can she— To what degree is she in
your head if she's interrogating you?

Murph: Right.

Siobhan: Right.

Fig: She knew something really private about me though.

Riz: What did she know about?

Fig: That's not the point. I'm saying the point is—

Siobhan: I cast Detect Thoughts— I didn't.

Emily: Don't you dare. I've never disguised myself as you.

Siobhan: Smooches!

(laughing)

Riz: I don't know what she knew about you. Yeah, she was asking questions
about your— No, she was just asking about what we knew. So, she can go into
our minds.

Fig: But not that deep.

Riz: But, she can't take anything from it, essentially, sounds like.

Adaine: Right, she can project herself into it, but she can't see what's going
on.

Riz: She can like appear, yeah. But she can’t read our minds.

Kristen: But, she can choose who sees her, I guess?

Riz: She can watch us.

Adaine: Well, unless it's bodily fluids or some kind of lie-based disease.

Fig: I lie all the time and I can't see her.

Adaine: You do lie a lot.

Emily: Do I see her? (laughing)

Brennan: No, you do not see her. Cool. Sandra Lynn looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: This is creepy and fucked up. I'm gonna get on my griffon.

Brennan: You see Gilear looks and says,

Gilear: I'm going to go inside and make lunch for everyone. Sandwiches good?

Adaine: Yes, that sounds delicious.

Fig: There's leftover crab for crab salad.

Kristen: Wait, look at me, Gilear.

Gilear: Yes?

Ally: I stare at his eyes. Can I see, like, a flash of Kalina in there?

Brennan: Give me an insight check.

Lou: Nat 20 this shit.

Ally: Ooh! Ooh! Ooh, baby. We're talking 26.

Brennan: Gilear is looking a little different. He's looking like—

Zac: He's got a beret on.

Brennan: He's got a beret on.

Lou: Is he wearing the outfit?

Brennan: He's also standing up a little bit straighter. He looks good, better
than normal.

Emily: Wait a second.

Ally: Hm.

Brennan: Hm.

Ally: On a 26? That's what I see? He's standing up a little straighter? Do I
see her weird eyes in his?

Brennan: You don't see Kalina in Gilear, no.

Emily: I'm gonna hop on with, 'cause Sandra Lynn is going to the wall, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: I'm gonna go with her and just kinda show her that some of my infernal
business can have an effect.

Brennan: Hell, yeah.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn actually looks at you, Kristen, and Tracker and says,

Sandra Lynn: Ladies, what do we think about— I wanna go a little farther
afield just to cover our bases.

Fig: Yeah.

Sandra Lynn: Why don't I drop you guys off at that Shrine of Thorns they were
talking about?

Fig: Sounds great, yeah.

Kristen: That's great. You know what, actually?

Ally: Can I take Tracker aside?

Brennan: Yeah, you can take Tracker inside.

Kristen: Hey, I need to chain you up in the Hangvan and I need you just to
stay there. I have to chain you up in the Hangvan. I'll leave you snacks.

Tracker: Sweetie, it's not—

Kristen: You can't, you—

Tracker: Sweetie, it's not the full moon.

Kristen: You have to be in the van for the rest of our lives.

Tracker: Sweetie, what’s up? It’s—

Kristen: I can't lose you. She said that she would take you first. There's no
way. I have so many heals and I can just be the six.

Brennan: (laughing) You see Tracker looks at you and says,

Tracker: Babe, I love you with all my heart. There are only—

Kristen: Put these handcuffs on.

Tracker: There are only two conditions that I ever want you to handcuff me,
okay?

Kristen: Okay, one—

Tracker: We know.

Kristen: When I'm officer Kristen.

(Emily cackling)

Kristen: And, two.

Tracker: And, two.

Kristen: When I need you to be safe.

Tracker: When I'm werewolfing.

Kristen: No!

Tracker: That's it.

Kristen: Oh, my god, okay. Consider it.

Lou: “When I'm officer Kristen.”

(laughing)

Emily: Officer Kristen!

Brennan: You see that she says,

Tracker: We'll figure it out.

Kristen: What if Lieutenant Kristen says go in the van? What if Colonel
Kristen says it as an order?

Tracker: I'm not gonna lie, that did do something for me. For right now, we
still have time. Let's talk about this later, okay?

Brennan: You see that Baxter goes ahead and grabs Kristen and Tracker in his
claws, you jump up with your mom, up there. You guys begin to fly off together
through the mist! We're gonna cut over now to the Tinkerer's Hall.

Ally: Aye.

Zac: Yes!

(laughing)

Lou: It's the boys.

Gorgug: I hope they're not too bored over there.

Fabian: Yeah.

[music changes to something whimsical and bouncy]

Brennan: So, you guys show up. Fabian, Gorgug, Ragh, and the Hangman all
arrive. You see that this place is actually built into a giant, moss-covered
boulder, so there's a huge, moss-covered boulder and it's got a little chimney
that smoke's coming out of and little windows. The windows have bright yellow
light coming out from within them. You see that on the side of the building,
there's just two big gears turning. Not clear what the gears do, but they're
turning!

Gorgug: Classic Tinkerer's stuff.

Fabian: Oh, you don't say.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: As you guys walk in, rather, what do you guys do as you approach?

Zac: Can I fit inside this building?

Brennan: Oh, you're gonna have to crawl through the door to be able to get in.

Zac: I just knock on the door.

Brennan: As you guys knock on the door, you see that the door, a weird little
gramophone like, (bobbles) comes down and you hear a voice say,

Voice: (blundering, silly, old voice) Who is it?

Gorgug: Hello, my name's Gorgug Thistlespring, and I'm a bit of a tinkerer. I
was just seeing what's going on here. I can't fit inside very well, so I just
thought I'd knock.

Brennan: You see that the door springs open and a crowd of gnomes barrel out.
These gnomes are not-- they do not have gear like your parents have.

You see that the guy who presents as leader is round as a pumpkin, he's got a
shiny, bald head, and a mustache like a push broom, like it just shoots
forward out, covered in soot, goggles up, you see that the guy next to him has
a huge handlebar mustache and a top hat with a gear on the side of it, you see
that the woman next to it has a backpack that clearly has folded canvas, like
ornithopter wings. All this technology is like 50 to 100 years old,
guaranteed. You see the little pumpkin guy's got a leather apron with tools in
it. He comes out and says,

Gnome: [nervous, frantic] Bahahahahahaha. We want no trouble. [hands in the
air] We're but humble Tinkerers!

Gorgug: I said-- It's okay. I'm also a bit of a tinkerer. My parents are
gnomes,

The gnomes look shocked to hear this.

Gorgug: And I mostly did other stuff, but I'm starting to do a little
tinkering now, and I just wanted to see what's up here and also ask a couple
other questions.

Brennan: You see they look around and (quietly whispering nonsense) These
guys, especially for you and Ragh, come up to mid-thigh for you. (whispering
and muttering) And you see that one of the gnomes in the back says,

Gnome: (thick, stuffed-up voice) Well, if you say you're a tinkerer, like you
claim, then what kind of ding dang tinkering have you done?

Brennan: The Hangman roars and fires out of his eyes and he says,

The Hangman: You speak now to the sorcerer that wrested my soul from the
night! [startled] What are you doing?!

Brennan: And the gnomes leap on the Hangman with artificer glasses.

[Lou mimes picking up small figures and moving them aside]

Fabian: Hey, hey. Get off of me. Get off.

The Hangman: Sire, I'm under attack!

Fabian: Move, get off!

Gnome: What's this ding dang thing?

Fabian: Hey, hey, hey, hey. Stop.

Ally: Aw, they're so small!

Gorgug: (muffled) Well, that’s a tube. That’s another tube.

Brennan: Ragh just goes like,

Ragh: Easy, easy!

Brennan: You see that the lead, push broom-mustache gnome goes,

Gnome: Well, you repaired this monster? What is this? This is some kind of—

Gorgug: It's some sort of monster.

Crumpkin: Some sort of metal monster. Well, if that's the case, then a
tinkerer you are for sure! My name's Crumpkin Springbuild.

Gorgug: Oh, I'm Gorgug Thistlespring. There's some similar letters in there.

Crumpkin: That sounds like a gnomish name. That's a gnomish name.

Brennan: (muttering) He sort of goes around.

Gorgug: I'm kinda new to actually tinkering, so I haven't done that much
stuff. I tried to make a mechanical butt yesterday and it didn't work out.

Crumpkin: A mechanical butt?

Gorgug: To sh.. shit and stuff.

Brennan: You see they all look around at each other.

Fabian: It was for the mechanical monster to be able to poop.

The Hangman: I desire to make waste in the mouth of my enemies.

Gorgug: All this just to say I'm pretty new to it.

(Lou laughing)

Gorgug: I was just here, just kinda thought I'd pop in, see what's going on in
here 'cause I like this kind of stuff, and see what's going on, and also,
we're trying to figure out, there's some people who came into town a couple
days ago, some high elven folks, they took a guy named Killian out of here. We
just wanted to see what was going on with that.

Crumpkin: Oh. Killian stopped by quite a bit, but a rude customer, all things
considered, but we'd be happy to help you out. Could you tell us a little bit
about how this contraption works?

Gorgug: Well, sure.

Crumpkin: Do you have any other tech or gadgetry things with you?

Gorgug: I've got my tinkerer's tools, and my ax feels like I could do
something with that if I used them together.

Brennan: You see someone start examining your headphones. They're just kind of
pawing you, and one follows the wire from your headphones down and pulls your
crystal out.

Gorgug: Oh, yeah.

Brennan: And is like,

Crumpkin: Ooh! Look at this thing!

Gorgug: Yeah, I just kinda bought that. I don't really have— I didn't make
that, or anything.

Crumpkin: Wow! Wow! Well, you have some gizmos and doodads that boggle the
mind.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Fabian: Do we need to be afraid of a Butterfly Effect type thing if we give
these people a cell phone or a crystal too early in their, like, cycle?

Gorgug: We’re not like, on another planet.

(laughing)

Fabian: I just wanna check, alright.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that it’s like—

Ragh: There's a gnome in this town who has four refrigerators.

(laughing)

Gorgug: It's not bad. I think it's like—

Fabian: I just wanted to check.

Gorgug: I feel like it's--

Ragh: No, good call, dude. I get it.

Gorgug: Okay, check.

Ragh: Good call, good call, yeah.

Fabian: Hoot growl.

Ragh: Hoot growl.

Gorgug: Hoot growl.

Ragh: Hoot growl. Spring break. Believe in yourself.

Fabian: Spring break.

Gorgug: I forgot to ask. Yeah, I can try to tell you about it. I'm, again,
new-ish to it, but what kind of stuff did Killian get from here before he
skedaddled?

Crumpkin: Oh. He came by— He wasn't so interested in gadgets or anything like
that. He needed some wax for some candles and he needed some different
components for ink and things like that. Kind of your basics for the most
part.

Gorgug: Okay.

Crumpkin: Y’know, fiddle-faddle and the like.

Gorgug: Classic fiddle-faddle.

Crumpkin: Classic fiddle— but, we’d be happy to show— we have receipts and
everything. We'd be happy to come show ya, and we'd love for you to take a
look around the shop. Maybe there's something we're doing here that we could
be doing better.

Gorgug: Okay. Well, I'll give it a shot.

Crumpkin: Let him in the shop.

Brennan: And you see that they sort of tip you on your side and hep-hep-hep
march you sideways through the door.

Crumpkin: Come on in, fellows. I don't think the motor vehicle can come
inside, but everything else.

Fabian: Great. Well, Hangman, we'll be back.

The Hangman: I shall watch the front. I wish for nothing other than to trample
over these hands-y, tiny children.

Fabian: But don't crush anybody, all right?

The Hangman: On your orders, sire.

Brennan: You come in and just see this incredible laboratory. Everything here,
again, is ancient to you. Some of the more advanced stuff your folks have
done, it would be beyond you, but all this shit is gears and stuff and simple
machines, and you actually feel kinda confident in a lot of the stuff that's
here. Immediately, it's like big work tables and shops and vices and drills
and gears and presses and stuff, there's a big roaring fire over in the corner
with big bellows next to it, and they say,

Crumpkin: [very animated, lots of arm movements] Welcome to the Tinkerer's
Hall. We'd love to show you around. We'll give you the grand tour. Now, this
is the gizmo-tron. Basically what this does is it hops up real high and then
you gotta find it again, and then this—

Brennan: And they begin to bring you to the workshop. It's like you're a
little minor celebrity. We are going to cut over from the Tinkerer's Hall over
to the Owl and the Harp. So, it is the early afternoon.

[jaunty string music starts]

Brennan: Adaine and Riz, you can see the Hangman across a little glade over at
the Tinkerer's Hall. This is another place inside of a tree. You see there's a
little wonderful sign outside that has a picture of an owl flying over a harp,
and you see inside that there is— it's not too rowdy. It's early afternoon,
but there's a couple people eating a meal. It's mostly gnomes in there having
a little drink.

Riz: It’s a good thing the two most relaxed, chill people are going to the
bar.

Adaine: Yes. What a time.

Riz: We're gonna get a lot of good info here.

Adaine: (awkward giggling) Brosef.

Riz: That's right... dude.

(Adaine laughing)

Brennan: Cool. You guys both walk in. The place is sort of gnomish
constructed, but it is actually wood elf scale. There's some gnome tables set
up, but it's big enough and you see that there's a spiral staircase in the
center that goes up and you can see doors. So, each level is a one room suite
in this tree that are the rooms of the inn, basically.

Siobhan: Okay.

Adaine: Hi. My mom is staying here and she said that I could go to her room.

Brennan: You say this to the bartender?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Bartender: Okay.

Murph: Riz is super sweaty.

Adaine: So, can I go?

Riz: It’s just— It's her mom!

(laughing)

Brennan: Each of you has— Can I get a Persuasion check?

(laughing)

Lou: It's her mom, man.

Ally: Oh, my god.

Murph: I guess you could arguably say that what I'm doing is not helping. I
was gonna say, "can I help”, but I think I've already role-played not helping.

Siobhan: Can I use Boggy to give me advantage?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: All right. Okay. Uh, 12.

Brennan: He says,

Bartender: Your mother gave you permission to go to her room?

Adaine: Mhm.

Bartender: Cool, thanks for letting me know.

Adaine: Great, so I'm just gonna— Which room is it? She's bad at details.

Bartender: I don't know who your mom is.

Adaine: Oh, this woman.

Siobhan: I show—

Brennan: He, first of all, is wilded out by your crystal and he goes,

Bartender: Oh. I haven't seen her in two days. She was staying here, but you
can go.

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Bartender: Her room is on the top floor. I actually— She has an outstanding
debt. She didn't check-out.

Adaine: Oh, she's gonna come back. To do that.

Brennan: Give me a Deception.

Siobhan: Well, it's a 9.

Riz: What's her debt? 'Cause it's her mom, so.

Adaine: It's my mom.

Riz: We could pay it.

(laughing)

Brennan: He looks at you and he's like,

Bartender: I sincerely doubt you two kids are gonna be able to pay it. You're
those Solisians that are in town, right?

Riz: I see you've heard about us.

Murph: I give him a business card.

Bartender: The rangers that guard our town came and said, "There's a bunch of
weirdos coming through.” So, hello.

Adaine: I think weirdos is a little strong.

Riz: It’s offensive.

Adaine: We're normal. Both of us are normal.

Bartender: It's a steep debt. She's got the top suite. She owes 10 gold
pieces.

[Siobhan mimes placing some gold on the table]

Brennan: He takes it.

Siobhan: I give two extra as a tip.

Adaine: For your trouble. I'm so sorry that she didn't check-out properly. She
just probably forgot.

Bartender: Is she checking out? Is the room open again?

Adaine: Uh, no.

Riz: We—

Adaine: Well, let me make sure there's nothing in there that she needs, and
then yes, she's checking out.

Murph: Another five gold.

(laughing)

Brennan: He takes the five gold, pockets it, and says,

Bartender: You know that you come across like you're doing something wrong.

Murph: Five gold.

(laughing)

Brennan: He takes the— He takes another five gold.

Murph: Just so sweaty. He doesn't know when to stop.

Bartender: These coins are wet. They're fully wet.

Riz: This is— is it hot in here?

Bartender: It's completely normal temperature.

Riz: Cool.

Adaine: You ever seen a frog this round before?

Riz: I'm noticing—

Ally: What?!

Bartender: Okay, you guys can go. Congratulations on your frog. Top floor.

Riz: All the other gnomes are just rocking t-shirts and stuff...

Adaine: We’re party animals. We're gonna go upstairs.

Riz: I had a lot of shrimp. I’m gonna go upstairs.

Adaine: You like shrimp?

Bartender: Where'd you get shrimp?

[Murph shakes his head with a disgusted look on his face]

(laughing)

Adaine: We haven't been there for a while.

Bartender: Okay, top floor. Thank you.

Adaine: Top floor, thank you.

Riz: I'm the crab king.

Bartender: Good day.

(Lou laughing)

Ally: Crab king.

Murph: I go upstairs.

Brennan: Incredible.

Riz: Well, we killed it.

Brennan: The fucking research squad fronting one of the missions is so funny.
You guys head upstairs.

Murph: Spent a solid 20 gold.

Brennan: Open the door— You guys open the door and see a room spattered with
blood, covered in half-burnt candles, all kinds of arcane shit on the floor,
and images that your mother clearly drew of a skeletal, robed figure wearing a
crown etched into the wall of the room. This is the wrong music for this
moment.

[jaunty tavern music continues to play]

Emily: I know!

Brennan: Sometimes I remember to change the playlist, other times, guys, I
don't.

Murph: This is in Riz's head because now Riz is comfortable. He's like,

Riz: Okay, this I can work with.

Siobhan: Yeah, this is our absolute—

Brennan: This is literally an arcane crime scene.

Adaine: Perfect. Yes. Perfect.

Brennan: You guys look at each other and are like—

Adaine: We got it. Great.

Riz: You and I have this.

Adaine: Oh, my goodness. We did it. This is perfect for us.

Riz: Talking to a bartender?

Both: No, thank you.

Riz: No thanks.

Adaine: No thank you.

(laughing)

Brennan: Cool. Sandra Lynn drops Tracker, Kristen, and Fig at the briar wall
at a place where the briar wall has partially crushed and consumed a small
shrine made of mossy stones and plinths put together, with an old clay roof,
and wood elven etchings around it. As she drops you guys off, you walk inside.
Tracker blows into her hand and the room fills with motes of moonlight.

[light, sweeping, creepy music fades in]

Brennan: As you enter this place, you see the shrine and you see briars that
have broken through the stone of the shrine, past some stone seats where the
shrine would begin, and move through, and you guys can make any Religion check
you want here.

Ally: Yeah, definitely.

(dice rolling)

Emily: I'll make a Religion check just in case.

Ally: 22.

Brennan: You see— 22. By the way, you see Tracker moves past the door and
casts the Light spell, and then you see the goosebumps raise and she kind of
shakes, and you see her eyes go yellow for a second, and she goes like,

Tracker: [wipes forehead] Babe, I don't feel good. I'm just gonna step outside
for a second.

Kristen: What was that?

Tracker: It's not Kalina shit. It's just—

Kristen: Yeah, you're— Yeah.

Tracker: I don't feel good in this. I feel kind of sick or nauseous.

Kristen: Okay. Yeah, get out of here.

Tracker: I'm not gonna go away.

Brennan: She literally just goes past the doorstep, just watching you. You
watch, this is like some weird church doorstep shit of a vampire not being
able to enter a church or something.

Emily: Ohhh.

Brennan: There's something going on here of Tracker's kind of like repelled by
this room. You see a mural covered by, not thorns, just regular vines up on
the wall, and you immediately recognize it as a religious symbol. Fig, you
look at the briars that are blocking the back half of the shrine. In that
place, you see a charred handprint on the briars here in the shrine.

Fig: I made that.

Kristen: What?

Fig: I made that handprint.

Kristen: What are you talking about?

Fig: Oh, you don't see that charred handprint?

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, I see it, but what do you mean? You were here already?

Fig: No. I made that at the top of the briars.

Kristen: What were you doing?

Ally smiles knowingly, then starts to laugh, dropping their head.

Fig: I was uh. I was working on—

Brennan: Tracker calls,

Tracker: What were you doing?

Fig: I was working on a song.

Kristen: Oh, cool, cool.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: So, wait. You made the handprint at the top and it's here?

Fig: Yeah.

Emily: Can I try— I'm gonna Burning Hands again that same thing.

Brennan: Cool. Kristen, I'm gonna describe what you saw on the mural first,
covered in vines.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: I assume while you were walking, you had cleared--

Ally: Yeah, yeah. I used my staff and I'm like--

[Ally mimes waving a staff to clear something away]

Brennan: There is an ancient depiction of a woman carved and etched in a
giant, dark gown, robe, and cape. Her hair, dark as the night, spreading out
away from her in all directions, holding a book. You see that holding a book,
she is in— Sorry, holding a book. Next to her, you see there is a small
dwelling in the mural behind her, holding a book, and a broomstick. Crawling
across her shoulders is a black cat.

Emily: Where on this mural is my charred handprint?

Brennan: That's the mural you see. Your charred handprint is on the briars.

Emily: Oh.

Brennan: As you approach the briars and cast Burning Hands on it, the hand
catches and you see the fire spread. (rumbling) As it spreads, (intense
rumbling, growling, and whooshing) it spreads into a full oval, it stretches,
it goes into the briars, destroys them, and there is a burning doorway in
front of you. Within the burning doorway that you see, you find, hold on one
second, that burning doorway spreads and spreads and spreads.

Fig: Wanna do this, Kristen?

[Ally nods]

Brennan: Sorry.

Gorgug: So, this is a gizmo-tron.

(cast laughing)

Gorgug: And over here—

Fabian: Wow, that goes high.

Brennan: You see the doorway (rumbling) burn, spreads, fire moves and creates
a burning doorway. It opens. You see a red sky of fire and a blasted red plane
and a figure walks out of the door.

A woman dressed in black steel plate armor, who, with a horned black helmet
and an open face with the burnt skeletal remnants of wings, but just the bones
and scarred, burned thing of wings, and a porcelain white face, ruby red lips,
a beautiful woman's face that you can see doesn't meet her armor.

All of her skin but her face has been flayed off her body and everything else
is covered. You can only see it at the edge of her face because then the armor
starts and fully covers her. She walks out with a burning scroll and says,

Woman: (stern and intense) Figueroth Faeth?

Fig: Yeah!

Vraz the Mean: I'm Vraz the Mean, executor potentate of the Dominion of
Avernus, archsecretary to Blozo the Undiminished, Regnant of Sloth. You've
been served.

[Brennan holds out a hand towards Emily, as if holding a scroll]

Brennan: And that's all for this week.

Emily: What?!

Brennan: On Fantasy High.

Lou: Truly, what?

(laughing)

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 13:
Hellbound](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRxXRQiLy1p6YWdQmX7brMRvZpb_Ud9b-OsPIUKktSju16csS_-81OwqdEDqh0eOtve9R45oAs9fYMY/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650547029214&usg=AOvVaw32Wxi96UWAQ0rGwE2ki8dg)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by: Kathleen, natjennie, gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxUD236lBEcIowuL6LS0nl3RhVCrWdTa8u-y_r353j5FfVjIezGJPkE4tyASksU1vbTw3I23ck0DVSOAks:0)

Episode 13: Hellbound

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

ƒDimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 13: Hellbound

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSt_Z0e9A1GlCDuhZ8RcdUc5XAAOBtBOJvqudzEQo8z5p3JOQXWt7CRL-
xNPyA06uwyNPTiVxiKhpTg/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650550023969&usg=AOvVaw16eQXp77JnE0sEoXwpnhfT)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT3Zk5dEZXMcj3C_sgkUurVzPu6zF-Y6A0U2jEOy1VewmE2AbNDjjCOVqi-6H9E_4_RDw5zDyubGMD_/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650550024315&usg=AOvVaw2T1UhlytGSjOozQWceQR8y)]
>

[upbeat fantasy music plays]

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live presents—

Lou: [crosstalk] Had to get it in there.

Brennan: — Fantasy High, Sophomore Year.

Ally: [crosstalk] Oh no.

Brennan: I am your humble Dungeon Master Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me as
always are our intrepid heroes. Say hi intrepid heroes!

Cast: Hi intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Holy moly, all right guys, a little bit of housekeeping. We're
feeling rowdy here tonight. We're full of beans as you might say.

Group laughs.

Lou: They don't know what that means!

Brennan: I know, it's so rude to put an inside joke from before we went live.

Siobhan: We're not gonna tell you, it's an inside joke.

Brennan: We'll put clues in the Discord three years from today.

Murph: [excitedly holding some dice up to the camera] I have dice that are
full of beans!

Brennan: Dice that are full of beans.

Ally: Murph is obsessed with his new little bean dice, and we're all like
please stop talking about it.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Housekeeping. Guys, a couple things. Number one, Tiny Heist comes out
at midnight pacific tonight, episode five. There's only two more episodes of
Tiny Heist. Be sure to check it out on dropout.tv. Also, Dropout is alive and
kickin'! You can sign up for it, and you can get 25% off your first month of
Dropout with the promo code—

Lou: [interrupting] Little beans!

Brennan: — Tiny Heist!

Group laughs.

Brennan: Not little beans, that's not the promo code. The promo code is Tiny
Heist.

Lou: I'm sorry, Murph's little beans.

Brennan: You get 25% off Murph with the promo code lil' beans.

Lou: You can buy Murph in the merch store! Merch Murph!

Siobhan: Murph, what is this?

Group laughing.

Murph: Everybody relax.

Brennan: It's too rowdy for Murph. Now, finally, guys, our wonderful Sophomore
Year game, our ongoing Twitch game, we're gonna add some premiumness on these
episodes because we're going to announce that there are including tonight,
only eight episodes left.

Ally: Oh, yeah.

Emily breathes out loudly with a shocked look on her face and Siobhan holds up
eight fingers.

Brennan: March, I believe 28th is going to be our last episode of Sophomore—
March 25th is going to be our last episode of Sophomore Year. So the story is
pacing up. It's getting intense. We're coming up on the thrilling conclusion.
Tell your friends, tell your loved ones, tell the crew at home to tune in—

Siobhan: Reach out to your estranged parents and tell them to watch Dimension
20 Live on Twitch.

Emily: Wow

Brennan: Marketing has told us that we score incredibly high with estranged
parents. So please, that's a market—

Ally: I sent a text.

Zac: Mom, dad. If they're listening.

Ally: Dad, I know we haven't talked in awhile but uh, Sophomore Year is coming
to a close.

Brennan: Sophomore Year is coming to a close. Last we left off, our intrepid
heroes were in Arborly.

[music changes to soft piano]

Brennan: The village of Arborly which borders the forest of the Nightmare
King. The Bad Kids, a group of teen heroes from the Aguefort Adventuring
Academy in the nation of Solace in the world of Spyre are doing their high
school for heroes spring break big project which is retrieving the lost crown
of the Nightmare King which was stolen from Principal Arthur Aguefort's office
previous year, freshman year. The quest has brought them to the pirate city of
Leviathan, the Elven nation of Fallinel, and now they are in the lee of the
forest of the Nightmare King in the small Gnomish and Wood Elf community of
Arborly hidden in tall and tangled misty trees in the wake of a massive wall
of briars. Our wonderful Bad Kids had a crustacean themed impromptu rager in
the summer home of gnomish music executive Grover Tillythatch. Crab King,
shrimp tub.

Lou: A little shrimp.

Players fold their arms across their chests and wiggle their fingers,
scuttling left and right, imitating crabs.

Brennan: Lil' shrimp. They also met Mira Silverbow, a leader of the Wood Elf
Rangers here, and the leader of Arborly, an ancient fox named Nuathera.
Gorgug, Ragh, and Fabian rushed off to the Tinkerer's Hall to investigate
there along with the Hangman. Hoot growl, hoot growl. The jocks all went
there. Adaine and Riz, Nerd Squad headed over to—

Lou: Nerd Squad?

Brennan: — The Owl and the Harp -

Lou: We're gonna name now?

Emily: (to Lou) Lil’ beans!

Siobhan: [crosstalk] Don’t lil’ bean me.

Brennan: — to bumble through an interaction with, with a bartender and then
get up to an arcane crimes scene in the room of Arianwen Abernant. And Sandra
Lynn on her griffin dropped off Kristen, Tracker, and Fig over the Shrine of
Thorns where they discovered a mural of an ancient unnamed goddess, and a
portal to Hell was opened. And Fig was served a subpoena. I think that's
pretty much everything that happened last week. Am I forgetting anything?

Siobhan: As far as Adaine knows yes.

Brennan: As far as Adaine and Gorgug\--

Emily: As far as everyone knows!

Ally: I get the feeling that there's something else though like something,

Emily: Good crab. There was good crab.

Ally: I don't know.

Brennan: There was some good crab.

Lou: No, there was shrimp in the hot tub. But then there was something right
before the...

Siobhan: We gave Gilear an outfit.

Whole group agreeing at once.

Ally: That must be it.

Brennan: Gilear was trapped in the well wheel of the Hangvan. Also, a tender
romance blossomed.

Lou: Wait, what?

Zac: What?

Ally and Lou make various confused/surprised noises throughout. Emily is
giggling.

Brennan: Between Figueroth Faeth and the Mistress of the Compass Points, Ayda
Aguefort who revealed...

Lou: But Fig is so closed off.

Brennan: Revealed their feelings for one another in the shadow of the briar
wall.

Ally: Fig was in disguise though, right?

Brennan: No, Fig was not in disguise as either a middle-aged hospital worker
or a middle-aged detective.

Zac: Was Fig able to skateboard away?

Brennan: At first, but she quickly stopped after pulling a sick trick.

Ally: Stop, stop no way!

Brennan: You know, some things are almost too strange to believe. So, that's
our recap for last week. This week we leave with the Bad Kids moving
throughout Arborly with the leave of Nuathera the fox, having gone to various
places to collect various clues. We are going to go ahead and begin our
adventure, and restart this new chapter back at the Tinkerer's Hall.

[music changes to whimsical, bouncy, jolly tinkerer’s music]

Brennan: Within the Tinkerer's Hall, massive gears turn around, bubbling
beakers of different brightly colored liquids go next to like weird accordion
flaps that are pumping strange brass pipes like thoomp, thoomp, thoomp,
thoomp. Rickatic-tic-tic-tic a lot of clockwork things. A little clockwork
chittering toy bounces off a desk somewhere and a bunch of gnomes in leather
aprons with wrenches and gizmos and gadgets jump to try to grab it. And
Fabian, Gorgug, and Ragh are introduced to the Tinkerer's Hall by the Head
Tinkerer, Crumpkin Springbill. A jolly, rotund, bushy-mustached, goggle
wearing, soot-covered gnome which says,

Crumpkin: Well, we're happy to help you all around there gents. What is there
anything I can do for you?

Gorgug: Well, I think we covered a lot of it last week, but I was just
thinking...

Lou laughs.

Gorgug: Or earlier, right before this.

Crumpkin: Mere moments ago.

Gorgug: Mr. Crumpkin Springbill. Can I call you Mr. Crumpkin? Or Crumpkin?

Crumpkin: Please, if you like you can call me Crumpkin.

Gorgug: I'm looking at these boots that make you bounce, and I would love to
just take a gander at them and—

Crumpkin makes incoherent excited noises.

Crumpkin: Would you like us to put some, what?

Gorgug: I love the design.

Crumpkin: Yeah well, oh. A Solisian artificer likes our design, can you
believe it, Polly?

Brennan: You see, he elbows the gnomish woman who's got like ornithopter,
elbows her a little bit and she goes,

Polly: [high-pitched voice] I can't believe it either!

Brennan: And her wings sproing out as she is elbowed and she pew,

Polly: Ahhh!

Brennan: Flies up into the corner of the workshop. He says,

Crumpkin: Look out, oh, that's where we stacked all the old pots and pans. All
right, well, we'd be happy to load your boots up with springs if you want. Do
you want springs in your jerkin or your tunic or your breeches or anything
else?

Gorgug: (to Fabian and Ragh) Um, you guys good on springs? How many springs
are you looking for?

Fabian: [disapprovingly] I think we're good on springs.

Gorgug: Ragh, you good on springs?

Ragh: Could I just have a, just a loose one?

Gorgug: I could ask them about it.

Ragh: Yeah, just like a loose one.

Gorgug: Could we get one loose spring, and I would love some springs in my
boot.

Fabian: Gorgug, is this what we here for? Are we here to get springs in your
boots?

Gorgug: This is not necessarily exactly what we're here for, but I'm here for
some springs in my boots.

Fabian: Okay, fair.

Gorgug: And then if you have anything like something that could shock somebody
back, you know, Spare the Dying maybe?

Brennan: As you begin to elaborate the kind of effects you're looking for, the
gnomes begin to come through, and happily having Nuathera

had come by and said, “Any resources these adventurers need, they're going to
go reclaim the crown of the Nightmare King.” They get to work right away just
putting all your stuff together. And you see that as you step away, two young
gnomish twins that have, they have like they're not the tall conical hats,
they're a little bit of a shallower cone, but they each have a little tuft on
a spring that bobbles around like pull your chucks off and rush off to go put
springs in them. So you're kind of walking around with socks right now.

Gorgug: My feet are sweaty.

Fabian: Put shoes on.

Gorgug: I don't have another pair of shoes, Fabian.

Fabian: You don't have two pairs of shoes?

Gorgug: Not on me. How many pairs of shoes do you have on you?

Fabian: Here with me, or just in general?

Gorgug: Both, I guess.

Fabian: In general somewhere between 250 and 312 depending on how many have
been thrown away or given away to the children. And then on me, I mean I have—

Gorgug: You give your shoes to little tiny children?

Fabian: Well, I have smaller feet, and I believe the children also--

Gorgug: Oh, look at those little things.

Fabian: All right now, all right now.

Ragh: I haven't really looked at your feet before.

Fabian: Whoa, whoa, whoa, all right everyone please step away from my feet.

Murph: Can we roll a d6 to see how big his feet are?

Lou: No.

Ally: How big are his feet? Roll it!

Emily: Little beans!

Murph: Five, size fives.

[cast laughing]

Ally: Little feets! Little beans.

Emily gives Lou a thumbs up.

Zac: He wears a size five shoe.

Fabian: Well, I have delicate feet, all right? My father had small feet, and I
also have small feet. My mother's feet are relatively average size. You know,
I'm lithe and dextrous, and--

Gorgug: I wear a size 19 shoe.

Fabian: That's three of my shoes in your shoe.

Gorgug: I got big feet. They’re the — I’m a half-orc.

Fabian: Ragh, what are you packin'?

Ragh: [dubious look] What am I packin’, dude?

Fabian: Foot-wise.

Ragh: Foot-wise?

Fabian: What are you packin' into that shoe.

Ragh: I got a size 17 1/2.

Fabian: Solid, solid.

Ragh: It's good, honestly, it's actually considerate that Gorgug wears canvas
sneakers 'cause like even with just like a pretty flat shoe, I trip over, like
one time you left your shoes out when they got wet outside of the van, and
they're huge. You could like really trip over them if you're walking around in
the dark, it's bad.

Brennan: You see that Crumpkin walks over to you and says,

Crumpkin: Well, so, you mentioned you wanted to know what that Wood Elf
Killian was coming by for. We're happy, we have a log book of everything here
if you'd like to take a look.

Gorgug: Oh yeah, that would be great if we could check that out.

Brennan: They slam a big log book down in front of you. Each of you guys go
ahead and make an Investigate check for me.

Fabian: Gorgug, can you do most of the reading? I am just—

Gorgug: I'll give it a,

Lou: Yes, that'll, I got a nat 1.

Zac: I got a 19 minus 1, 18.

Brennan: Whoa, okay! So Fabian, you look at this ledger book that has
shorthand for all the alchemical goods that have been bought and sold and used
and stuff here, like an inventory. You look at the numbers and letters fully
just like bloop, just turn into sludge on the page in front of you. You're
like, "That's nothing to me. I refuse to engage with that."

Fabian: I see that there's writing in the book.

Gorgug: Yeah, classic log book, right?

Fabian: Classic log book. What did you find?

Gorgug: Well?

Brennan: You actually, with an 18 you move through there, and you see a ton of
stuff here. A bunch of magnesium, antimony, and mercury was all bought by this
Wood Elf, Killian, which are all used in the creation of various magical
candles and other kind of things. You also see that two --

Zac: Timony, like timony square?  

Brennan: What's that?

Zac: [laughs] Sorry.

Brennan: There also were two big blocks of dusk moss incense that were checked
out. Dusk moss, with an Investigation, with an 18 Investigation, I have to say
that you know what dusk moss is. It's not something that you would learn from
working with your parents, it's actually something that some kids do at
Aguefort. It's a hallucinogenic moss. Basically, it puts you into a state of
lucid dreaming so that you are able to both be kind of conscious in the waking
world, but also having a lucid dream experience at the same time. But you're
looking at these blocks, you've never seen a block of dusk moss. Like normally
it's like either a small dried powder, it's in a little baggie or something.
Like you know some kids that do dusk moss back at Aguefort. This also says
dusk moss incense, which you're unfamiliar with what that is or does.

Gorgug: Crumpkin?

Crumpkin: Yeah?

Gorgug: What's going on with, well first off, could I purchase the exact same
things as this person?

Crumpkin: Well, absolutely, but it'll run ya a pretty penny.

Gorgug: How much?

Crumpkin: Well, all that put together, it was about 350 gold.

Gorgug: Okay.

Emily: Check your golds before you give them over.

Crumpkin: [shaking his head in surprise] Wow!

Ally: Oh yeah.

Emily: Check your coins before you give them over.

Zac: I uh, Gorgug looks at his coins.

Brennan: That's a big bunch of gold coins.

Gorgug: (to Fabian) Okay, you don't have like Detect Magic or anything or any
way to tell if a coin is special?

Fabian: I mean, I can rub it in my blanket but that's about it.

Gorgug: Can you rub these 350 coins in your blanket?

Lou: Can I rub my blanket on—

Brennan: On the coins?

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Give me an Arcana check.

Lou: Get a nat 20, just really fuck this up. Uh, nope. That'll be a 7.

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: Or no, [smugly] a 9.

Brennan: A 9? You rub your blanket —

Lou laughs.

Brennan: Why are you laughing? You don't know what I'm gonna say yet.

Lou: It's also a sheet, I apologize. It's not a blanket.

Brennan: You rub your blanket on the coins. There is a lull.

Brennan makes whispering sounds.

Brennan: Suddenly you perceive... a pile of gold coins.

Gorgug: (to Crumpkin) So these are the coins.

Brennan: [laughs] You see that Crumpkin takes it. You see that, what you see
was Crumpkin taking the coins, he says,

Crumpkin: What!!

Brennan: You see that he gives you a bunch of antimony, mercury, magnesium, he
says,

Crumpkin: And do you want the dusk moss as well?

Fabian: Ooh.

Zac: All right, Gorgug gets really shy I think.

Fabian: Don't you wanna get dusk moss?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Crumpkin: Okay, I gotta warn you, you're getting two blocks. These blocks are
set up as incense. So it's very, very powerful and once it's lit you can't -

Gorgug: Unlight it?

Crumpkin: Unlight it. It's gonna, the whole block's gonna go.

Fabian: That's the same stuff that the kids do in the parking lot?

Gorgug: I think, I don't know, I've never really tried it before but—

Fabian: Me neither, are we gonna?

Gorgug: I don't know, I think we should get what he got just in case it's
useful, all right?

Fabian: Okay yeah no, great idea.

Gorgug: Is this a bad idea? I'm starting to sweat a lot.

Fabian: Just do it, just go, let's just do it.

Gorgug: We'll take four.

Group laughs.

Crumpkin: Okay, that's going to be another about, that's gonna be another 1200
gold pieces.

Gorgug: Wow, how is it that much more?

Crumpkin: A block?

Fabian: That's quadrupled!

Brennan: You see that he puts a block out. A block is about like

this big in front of you. So it's kinda,

Brennan holds his hands about 2 feet apart.

Gorgug: Oh no, we'll take the two.

Crumpkin: Okay, that'll be 600.

Gorgug: Okay, uh, all right.

Fabian: I thought it was 320.

Crumpkin: Oh, for the alchemical supplies, yes.

Gorgug: I see.

Crumpkin: The dusk moss is not really an alchemical. I mean, anything's an
alchemical supply depending on what you're trying to do, but the dusk moss
incense is not really, it doesn't have as many general uses as the other
alchemical things.

Gorgug: Does it do the same thing as just regular dusk moss, if you know what
I mean?

Crumpkin: [voice wobbling] Oh, oh, oh, oh yeah, boy howdy, it really does.

Gorgug: If you're new to dusk moss, what would you say, dosage wise? We're
just trying to have like a fun day.

Crumpkin: I haven't done dusk moss in a long time. My brother, he swears by
the stuff. He says that everybody should do dusk moss once. But, you know, it
can be intense. It depends. Some people, you know, wanna take a little bit at
a time, and it just kinda evens them out and then other people, but normally
a, I would say about maybe a quarter of a teaspoon of the stuff is enough to
send you on an enormous trip for pretty much the whole day.

Fabian: Of this, like a quarter of a teaspoon of this block? Like if you just
took a little bit?

Crumpkin: Oh, you can shave it off into a powder, and that powder, about a
quarter of a teaspoon will be enough for you.

Gorgug: Um,

Fabian: Okay.

Gorgug: Well, we'd definitely,

Fabian: We'd love, we need it.

Gorgug: We need the two blocks.

Crumpkin: You seem really nervous.

Fabian: Which is, I, we're not. We're totally, we do this all the time. We
love dusk moss.

Group laughs throughout.

Ally: Dusk moss.

Emily: Dusk moss.

Gorgug: We just, we love dusk moss.

Fabian: We love dusk moss.

Brennan: Cool, you see-

Ally: How about ‘shrooms?

Brennan: You see he says,

Crumpkin: All right, great, so it's 600 gold.

Gorgug: Okay.

Fabian: Okay. I'll help.

Brennan: Ragh, you see that Ragh grabs your hand really quick before you give
him the money and says,

Ragh: You a cop?

Brennan: And you see that he goes,

Crumpkin: What?

Ragh: You police!?

Brennan: And then Crumpkin says,

Crumpkin: What's police?

Fabian: It's like the law, are you the law?

Crumpkin: No, the law here is basically just the Council of Elders, Nuathera,
and Mira Silverbough.

Gorgug: Is anyone gonna get really mad at me if I do the dusk moss? That lives
here?

Crumpkin: [confused] Why would that happen?

Brennan: You see that Ragh grabs both of your arms and says,

Ragh: [whispering] I think drugs are legal here.

Gorgug: What?

Fabian: What? No way.

Ragh: I think drugs, I don't think they have, I don't think there's laws about
this stuff here.

Gorgug: Okay, great.

Fabian: Great.

Gorgug: Then we should not be so worried, right?

Fabian: Let's buy a bunch of drugs. And let it be like a normal day.

Gorgug: We'll just buy the legal drugs. We're just gonna buy the legal drugs.

Fabian: We’re buying legal drugs, there's nothing to be scared about.

Ally: This is literally me when I moved to Amsterdam.

Group laughs.

Gorgug: The thing is it's okay that we're doing it.

Fabian: It's so okay like we don't need to feel bad.

Gorgug: We honestly aren't worried.

Fabian: Yeah, no, though I did hear a story about a guy who once did dusk moss
while he was wearing a hat, and now he always feels like he's wearing the hat
even when he's not wearing the hat. So I'm not sure I want to do dusk moss,
but—

Gorgug: That's fine, that's fine. If you don't want to do dusk moss. Look,
I'll take the two pounds of dusk moss and we'll be on our way.

Crumpkin: Okay, well fair enough. Do you wanna wait around for your shoes?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: So someone gives 600 gold pieces, whoever wants to can mark that off
your card.

Zac: I'll get 300.

Lou: Right, I'll take 300 as well.

Brennan: You get these two huge bricks. You can feel the weight of these
illegal drugs in your bags. You don't know how you're going to get back to
Solace with these or what could potentially happen as a result of it. Cool,
while you're waiting around for your shoes, you see that two of the artificers
come over to you of the tinkerer gnomes. You see that one of them is the woman
with the sort of ornithopter thing. You see that another one has like a huge
mustachio with a little top hat with gears on the side, and they both bow and
present your shoes to you. That now these are thick rubbery soles in them. She
says,

Polly: Well, hello, my name's Polly Pullypad.

Brennan: And you see that the other guy says,

Osmond: [loud, pompous voice] Osmond Wobbletrouble, pleasure.

Gorgug: Hello, I'm Gorgug Thistlespring,

Zac: And I bow.

Osmond: And we thank you.

Gorgug: We, of course thank you.

Osmond: In exchange for these spring coiled sneakers of bounding, would it be
possible for us to examine your crystal?

Gorgug: Uh yeah, yeah, if that's an easy trade to me.

Osmond: Yes, just to examine.

Brennan: Gnomes heap and pile, looking at your crystal under various ways of
like examining it and trying to find it. You see that as you begin to like
watch them tinker and gadget around with it, you see they sort of look and
they say,

Gnome: And what is the purpose of this device?

Gorgug: Well, it's for a lot of things, but mostly kinda connecting to other
people in the world. It's a way you can message little like messages to each
other, and can get on the crystal web on it, and uh—

Gnome: Wow!

Gorgug: Yeah, there's crystal games.

Gnome: Could you show us? Could you send a message to someone else in this
room?

Gorgug: Right now we don't have service because we're too far away from our
home. So it's kinda not working.

Gnome: Well, I, well, too bad.

Brennan: And you see that they sort of give you the crystal back.

Gorgug: You don't have a way to make a cell tower here, do you?

Gnome: A cell tower?

Gorgug: Sort of like a way to boost a signal for something?

Gnome: Boost?

Gorgug: Possibly the signal from this?

Gnome: Huh, well, that's a rather interesting thing. So you have a signal and
you need it boosted up to a higher place?

Gorgug: Yes.

Brennan: Cool. The gnomes begin to say,

Gnome: Well, this is a rather interesting problem. Can you explain a little
bit about this?

Brennan: They start babbling together. Go ahead and make a tinkerer's tool
check with me with advantage as these gnomes seek to help you.

Zac: Okay. Uh, 19.

Brennan: 19! As you start talking about all the, you know, they're talking
about like you start explaining loosely like how a cell tower works, and
energy—

Gorgug: So, of course—

Zac mouths nonsense. The group laughs.

Gnome: Oh, fascinating.

Brennan: And you see it, they sort of look around. And you begin to explain
the connection between like signals from the crystals will go to a cell tower,
that cell tower will go to satellites, and then from satellites go down to
another thing, and it will go somewhere else. And you see that the gnomes look
around and you see that Osmond Wobbletrouble says,

Osmond: It's a pity, the whole thing, because of course we simply lack the raw
materials to build something of this size that a cell tower would need. It
would be a different sort of thing if you had access to, if we could somehow
just adjust the phone to interact, to skip the middle man and not need a cell
tower at all.

Brennan: And you see that Polly goes,

Polly: Yes, of course, but then of course, you'd need a, you know—

Brennan: And Osmond goes,

Osmond: Right, right, right, you would need a direct connection. You would
need the information of one of these satellites to be able to do that, and we
don't have that, so--

Gorgug: What are you saying? If I jumped into the sky and--

Fabian: What? No, no

Gorgug: Grab a satellite?

Fabian: I don't think they're saying that, I mean I've--

Gorgug: How high are these boots capable of bouncing?

Brennan: You see, Crumpkin goes,

Crumpkin: Well, we can double the amount of springs and maybe you can get to
space.

Fabian: Gorgug, there's not enough, there's no amount of springs,

Ragh: Don't jump into space.

Fabian: There's truly no amount of springs that could jump you into space.

Gorgug: Okay.

Brennan: You see that Crumpkin says,

Crumpkin: The issue fundamentally is we would need... building a cell tower we
could do, but it would just take a lot of time. So if you have time, we'd be
happy to try to build one for you.

Gorgug: We only have a couple of days, really, max.

Brennan: They sort of nod. And you see that Crumpkin says,

Crumpkin: Otherwise, if there was a way to have a, if we somehow could, if we
knew of a satellite that we could use to connect your phone directly to it,
that could work. But we don't have that, so unfortunately, what are you gonna
do?

Gorgug: Well, satellite is just the thing that has all the, in this equation,

Emily: Just kick a rock into space.

Gorgug: We just need to put something into space? Is that what you're saying?

Brennan: Give me a raw—

Emily: Kick a rock into space!

Brennan: This is gonna be a raw DC10 intelligence.

Lou: Could I give him a help action somehow?

Siobhan: You could do Bardic.

Brennan: Yeah, you can give him, or you can give him Bardic.

Lou: I'll give you Bardic.

Zac: Which is a?

Emily: Oooh. Extra d8.

Lou: D6 in my case.

Emily: Oh, [whispers] it's okay.

Fabian: Gorgug, I believe in you. Spring break.

Gorgug: Spring break.

Ally: Spring break.

Siobhan: Oh.

Zac: I rolled a 12, thanks to that Bardic.

Brennan: Thanks to that Bardic. You feel the power of Fabian's support and
care for you,

Fabian: [whispering] Spring break, spring break.

Brennan: And Fabian's support and care for you makes you think about your
parents' support and care for you. Your parents had a little project back last
year in freshman year where you were in jail. Do you remember what that
project was?

Zac: Hmm.

Brennan: They launched a satellite into space.

Zac: Oh, wait a second. So you're saying, wait,

Gorgug: I might have access to a satellite.

Crumpkin: Really?

Gorgug: How do I now get in touch with a satellite from here?

Crumpkin: Well, your phone does have the ability to transmit signals. If we
just boosted the power on it, and we just need the information of the
satellite basically, to be able to, I guess gear into your phone the ability
to communicate with that other thing.

Zac: Okay, well I start looking through my crystal just through my texts to my
parents and—

Brennan: You see them with a picture of them giving double thumbs up. The van
has been tipped over so that it's resting on its nose with like the back doors
open, and you see that they are launching the satellite out of the back of the
van. And you see it, there's a bunch of papers and a little mobile desk shoved
into the glove box of the van. So it looks like a bunch of their research
might still be in the van.

Gorgug: We gotta go to the van. I'll be right back.

Brennan: You tear off to go get stuff out of the van. Fabian and Ragh, do you
stay in the Tinkerer's Hall?

Fabian: Absolutely— with all these weird little men and women? No thank you.

Group laughs

Fabian: Ragh, let's go.

Ally: Inclusion, in weird... Men and women—

Fabian: I apologize, people, uh—

Brennan: You guys rush off.

Emily: Weird little.

[detective music begins]

Brennan: We are on the top floor of the Owl and Harp. Riz and Adaine. I
picture a quick montage of like gloves going on the hands, auras being
released.

Lou: Snap.

Siobhan waves her hands like she’s doing a spell and makes a whooshing noise.

Brennan: Tell me what you guys are trying to do in this room.

Siobhan: Can I make an Arcana check?

Brennan: Yes, go for it. Again, blood spattered, candles burned all the way
down to the bottom, drawing up on the wall, arcane runes and stuff. You see
clear signs, go ahead and make an Arcana check actually.

Siobhan: Boo, 12, no 14.

Brennan: 14\. So 14, you only get the kind of basics of it. Which are clear
non-detection runes, where Arianwen, it looks like your mom was keeping
herself off the grid of elves looking for her. The sort of simplest stuff that
you find, you know that there were two rituals that happened here. One ritual
involved killing Killian, and the other involved putting the gem into his
body. Putting the Devil's Heart into his body with Gorthalax trapped in it.

Murph: Then I guess I want to do an Investigate check to see if I can figure
out how to do the ritual.

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and give me an investigation.

Murph: Like if I can like backwards engineer it. 20. Dirty.

Lou: Nasty 20.

Brennan: A dirty 20. So you're trying to figure out it seems like details
about the ritual and how it works, right?

Murph: Yeah, and I think I'm also, I'd love to figure out a way to do it
without killing someone.

Brennan: Cool. You start looking at this. Immediately what becomes clear to
you is that this ritual is not about getting into Silvaire. There are many
ways to get into Silvaire. But you just need infernal authority to be able to
pass the barrier. This is not about anything other than getting the Shadow Cat
into Silvaire. It's like a way of, it's not clear if she was barred from
entering Silvaire, but it seems like this was a way to bypass needing to get
permission from an infernal authority. Because the whole purpose of this
ritual is getting the Shadow Cat to commandeer the authority of a devil
without their blessing or consent.

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: You see a familiar word here, in a lot of this, I'm actually gonna
ask for a Medicine check as well, if I can.

Lou: Ooh!

Murph: Not great, let's see.

Ally: Eh!

Siobhan: Whoa.

Murph: Dirty 20.

Brennan: Dirty 20, incredible, great.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: You see a familiar word, petrosmosis which is the word that Ragh
pointed out to you before that he learned from his mom's medical stuff. What
Ragh had explained to you back in Fallinel was basically petrosmosis is a
body's ability to start having elements of the magical gem within it permeate
organic membrane. It's basically a fancy word for the process by which a
magical gemstone and an organic body become one whole organism. And the
ability for spirit, like for example, with Lydia, Ragh's mom, her soul is
constantly fighting the soul of the thing within that gem, but it's not doing
it on a spiritual plane, it's doing it through the literal blood work and rage
of her body. It's like it needs that physical conduit to be able to do it.
What you see is those old notes from Fallinel that are all about how to get it
into her hands, how to get something into Kalina's hands. And what you now
know from the interaction you had on the lawn in the Lake of Grass is Kalina
doesn't fucking have hands, anywhere. So it's gotta be a symbolic or
metaphorical thing. When you look at that petrosmosis stuff, you suddenly see,
there is an osmosis of blood to gem that would allow Kalina to actually move
into and commandeer something within that gem. So like the only way to get
something into her hands is to get the gem to petrosmose with somebody who is
infected.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Right? So all of this seems like a way of like, so you also figure
out from that that Killian had to have been infected.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: You also, with that dirty 20 Medical thing see a lot of...

Lou: Go off, The Ball.

Brennan: See a lot of medical diagrams that are extremely old. These are not
like modern Solisian medical charts. This is not like the stuff that Fig would
have found in the hospital when she was visiting Dr. Asha.

Murph: Right.

Siobhan: It's like old school pictures of like, I found a blood vessel, I
think.

Brennan: [laughs] Yeah, exactly. Like, vellum grave-robber style old school
medical stuff. You see that there is, and this is written in like a character-
based language. It might be either like Centaur or something else.

Siobhan: Oh, I have, I can--

Brennan: Do Comprehend Languages?

Siobhan: Yeah, I have Comprehend Languages, which is a ritual.

Brennan: You cast Comprehend Languages, and immediately can start reading this
other language stuff. So this is all extremely, once you point out the medical
diagram this all becomes extremely clear. There are a lot of characters here
that for lack of a better word are almost like emoji. They're hieroglyphs,
they're pictograms of information.

Siobhan: Well, we're teens so we understand that.

Brennan: Exactly. Very easy to understand. What you see is, it's a medical
diagram of a centaur that has an illustration of a dismembered body. And you
see that there are these like dark, very scary looking cat symbols. There's
one of them right behind the eyes, there's another one on the tongue. You see
that there's one deep up in like the sinuses or something like right here. And
then you see that there is another one in the central spine. You do not see
any within the brain. And you see that the brain is something that has been
really taken apart and looked at. So those are the medical diagrams that you
see, and there are within the pictograms there's a lot of things where that
little cat symbol is something that they're referring to the disease by. So
it's basically like, "We found infection here, "here, here," it's like an X
marks the spot style thing. Uh, buh, buh, buh. You know with that 20
Investigate you know that the ritual happened 24 hours apart, so the ritual to
kill Killian and the other one which means either that Aelwyn and Arianwen
left like while you guys were here on the first night.

Siobhan: Goddammit.

Brennan: Or, that Arianwen somehow knew to do the ritual and kill Killian like
the moment you guys rescued Aelwyn. Other than that...

Siobhan: Can I do an Investigation check to see if there's like a ripped piece
of diary saying, "I've secretly always loved my second daughter."

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: "I feel very bad for all the ways that I've treated her." Well that's
a 19.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: You know, just some personal stuff is what I mean. I don't need to
have that specific thing. Although it would be really nice, but that is
specifically what I'm looking for, but if I find something else, that's also
fine.

Murph: As Riz is going through all the stuff he's like,

Riz: It's great to be with somebody else who just like focuses up. Like you
and I, like everybody else, just like super horny, super emotional, but me and
you? [claps]

Adaine: No emotions between the two of us, we're cold.

Riz: Exactly.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You find a small desk that has an ink and quill and loose parchment
on it.

Siobhan: And I do the pencil trick across the parchment? [mimes scraping a
pencil across the paper]

Brennan: You do the pencil trick.

Lou: Do the pencil trick.

Brennan: It literally works exactly as it's supposed to.

Siobhan: Amazing, I'm a teen spy.

Brennan: It reads as follows. "Aelwyn is with me, you are betrayed. You have
no other choice, darling. Come join us."

Adaine: [sighs] Well, I didn't get this letter, so this must be to my dad. God
damn it. Oh, I hate my family.

Brennan: Are there any other checks or Investigation that you guys are going
to make here in the room?

Adaine: I don't know. Loose floorboards? A trap door?

Riz: Yeah, see if they're hiding anything. That's a good idea too.

Adaine: Anything under the mattress? Oh maybe, let's see what spells I have
stocked.

Lou: A couple of real teen sleuths.

Siobhan: Couple teen sleuths. Uh, dup, dup, dup, dup, dup, dup, dup.

Murph: Um yeah, I guess we'll just, we've done a lot of stuff with the ritual,
I guess we'll just look and see if they--

Emily: Have you guys gone through the trash?

Lou touches his fingers to his temples in a “thinking” motion, laughing.

Siobhan: Yes, can I try and push a key through a lock with a paper underneath
the door and then pull the piece of paper? No. Yeah, is there anything in the
trash?

Brennan: Actually, you find something in the trash.

Emily cheers.

Emily: Yeah! I'm a teen sleuth too!

Brennan: You find a little bit of ash that you believe is from a cantrip
burning up the sheet that was written. Your first guess would be probably that
your mother scribed that for a Sending spell to make sure that she was under
25 words. And then just burned the paper.

Siobhan: Um, can I use Mending on that ash?

Brennan: [impressed] Extremely cool! Whoooph, the ash turns back into a page
in your hand, and you see the exact same letter that your mother had written
to whoever she wrote it to.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Excellent. Cool. Yeah, so you've found out everything about the
ritual here. Oh, you find, I guess if you're, again you got those two dirty
20s. There is a lot of stuff that they were packing here. The list of stuff
that they were packing to, for just like rations and shit is way more than you
would need to get where the temple is in Silvaire. So they were packing for a
longer trip than just to get to the temple, it looks like. You also see a list
of things like antimony, mercury, just like random words around like that. And
some loose things here and there for rituals. None of those are super helpful
because you're only finding hints at what they were doing. It seems like
whatever they were doing, the primary work went with them to go do it. As you
would expect.

Siobhan: Right.

Murph: Interesting. So by the. So by the looks of the medical charts that
we've seen, we saw that the brain looks like it's not infected?

Siobhan: Right, it's eyes, mouth,

Murph: So does that mean, so she can't,

Siobhan: Sinus and spine.

Murph: So she can't hear our thoughts, probably.

Siobhan: Right. But maybe she can...

Brennan: Ears were also infected.

Siobhan: Oh, ears are also.

Brennan: Ear drums were infected as well.

Siobhan: But she can hear speech, and see out of eyes.

Murph: And I was paralyzed one time.

Siobhan: Right, so you couldn't move your spine.

Brennan: Each of you guys go ahead and make an Insight check.

Lou: Damn, you all are smart as hell. I have not figured any of this out. I've
heard all the same information, and synthesized none of the same conclusions.

Murph: Steady Eye, it's Investigation, right? Not Insight.

Siobhan: I got a 9.

Brennan: 9, okay.

Murph: Come on, baby. 16.

Siobhan: As soon as Adaine is pointing out like, this is affecting only
sensory areas of the body rather than mind, you immediately flash back to the
fact that Kalina was asking you questions. Clearly...

Murph: She didn't know everything, right?

Brennan: She couldn't know everything in your mind.

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: You remember Adaine's intense, awesome oracular Scrying spell. Which
showed [snaps several times] paging through people one at a time. In other
words, it appears that Kalina, and also the fact that she appeared to Kristen,
but not you simultaneously, even though you were both there.

Siobhan: Right, so she can only be in one place at once.

Brennan: It seems like she can only be affecting one thing at a time.

Murph: That makes sense.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: And suddenly you remember the way that you got around Ragh's thing.
Because if Ragh can see her, Ragh's infected, but you remember that when you
were in the Hangvan originally, when he first spilled the beans, you were all
using Message spells, and were being very careful. Telepathy would bypass all
of these infected areas. On top of that, you realize that when you go into the
Moon Haven, or Kristen's Hallow spell, you're like why has that been able to,
why has that been able to work? Why has it been so effective? You suddenly
realize that even with an infection, it's maybe possible that if Kalina was
with you while you went into the Haven, or that she would either be rebuffed,
or especially if she wasn't there at all, if she had gone somewhere else and
you entered, that would prevent her from coming into your sensory information.

Siobhan: So once we're in The Haven, we're okay.

Brennan: Looks like it.

Murph: As long as she doesn't follow one of us in.

Brennan: That's unclear to you if she could potentially follow you in, or if
she rode you in actively.

Siobhan: Yeah, I think that we need to make a system of if you want to tell me
something secret, I Message you and then you can Message me back.

Murph: That's a good idea. Cool. One other thing we should definitely look at
is if there's any way to cure it, or any way to lock her thing.

Emily: Or be aware if she's inside of you.

Siobhan: Yeah, like symptoms of —

Murph: Yeah, I guess I just want to search through the medical documents and
see if—

Siobhan: Yeah, can we take these documents with us?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. This is an abandoned room that the hotel staff, or
the innkeeper's just gonna dump all this.

Adaine: Just taking my mum's stuff back!

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: If there was a dog infection to go through our brains. [laughs]

Siobhan: Just throw a real juicy bone in there.

Brennan: Awesome.

Zac: Woof woof.

Brennan: Cool. You guys gather up all that stuff. So to look for a cure for
this would be a different Medicine check. But, you can go ahead and make that
Medicine check if you'd like.

Murph: Sweet.

Siobhan: I feel like Kristen also might want to look at that stuff. I'll do a
Medicine check as well.

Murph: True, 18.

Brennan: 18, cool.

[eerie music begins]

Siobhan: Yeah, I got a 7. Wow, I'm rolling bad today.

Murph: You get an 18, there's gotta be some cure that's possible. I mean, you
saw records from the Elven government about the execution of Landrin Lier and
stuff that seemed to be like, "We addressed this." So, you believe, and 18 is
good enough that you believe a cure is possible. It's not good enough for you
to know what the cure is.

Murph: Okay, cool.

Brennan: Awesome.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You guys gather, I'm gonna say you guys were probably in there for a
good two hours just combing through the spot. We are gonna go back to the
Shrine of Thorns. Kristen, you're in the chapel in the dark. Tracker is at the
door bugging out. This black plate armored horn helmed skeletal burnt wings,
like beautiful but like uncanny like porcelain doll's face with like ruby red
lipstick and a little beauty mark. Like a devil puts the thing in your hand.
Again, what she says, repeating what she said when she came out the first
time. She comes to you and says,

Vraz: As Vraz the Mean, Executor Potentate of the Dominion of Avernus, Arch
Secretary to Blozo the Undiminished, Regnant of Sloth, you are hereby served.
Thank you.

Brennan: Hands it to you.

Emily: I take it.

Brennan: And she turns around and starts walking back into the portal.

Fig: Um, hey, can we come with you?

Vraz: Hmm?

Fig: Hey, can we come with you?

Vraz: Well, you've been served, yeah absolutely.

Fig: Yeah, okay, so just leave it open, we're right behind you.

Kristen: Yeah, just leave it open, we're right behind you.

Vraz: Are you guys having a fun time? [shouting] Because you seem pretty
fucking glib! Keep your sass to yourself!

Brennan: You see that she turns around and walks back into the portal.

Emily: I'm gonna look at this little paper.

Brennan: You have been subpoenaed.

Kristen: Tracker!

Brennan: Tracker goes,

Tracker: What was her fucking deal?

Kristen: I wonder what just fucking happened?

Fig: I didn't think we were being that glib. We were just saying leave the
portal open, we're right behind you. I just gotta get my shoes.

Kristen: Something about this weird altar. Wait, where are your shoes?

Fig: It's a metaphor for I'm right behind you.

Kristen: Oh, I got you. Okay, I got it, sorry.

Brennan: Incredible.

Emily: Let me look at it. Can I understand this legalese?

Brennan: You look at the legalese, go ahead and give me an Investigation
check.

Emily: [laughs] Oh, great, so you want to just stall any development?

Group laughs.

Emily: Okay, it's gonna be a nat 1 plus 3, it's gonna be a 4.

Brennan: Incredible. Do you look at it, do you read Infernal?

Emily: Yeah. [grinning]

Brennan: Oh hell yeah, great. The parts of it, the print gets so fine that
it's actually illegible without a magnifying glass. But basically you are not
under arrest, you are being subpoenaed as a witness, and it's not a full
trial, it's a tribunal. It looks like, hold on one second.

Emily: Do I see any names that I recognize on it?

Brennan: Gorthalax is the main one. It looks like your dad is on trial.

Fig: How can he be on trial? He's in a frickin' gem, he can't be in court.

Brennan: It looks like the main things he's been called to task for are
negligence of his Infernal domain. And you see a thing that says, "Your ninth
and final request for appearance has lapsed, a tribunal is called here forth
immediately." You are being called forth as a witness to Gorthalax's—

Kristen: You know I kinda get it.

Fig: This seems like a petty lawsuit?

Kristen: But like it kinda seems like she's kinda at her wits end, there's
been nine things sent out.

Fig: But I also feel like maybe they don't know he's in a jam, so they think
he's just skipping town. I should just go in there, clear things up.

Kristen: Do you know how long litigation takes? You'd be there forever.

Fig: I don't know, me as a witness? I'm compelling.

Lou: I'm compelling.

Fig: Also, I could just disguise myself as him. And show up to the trial.

Kristen: WHAT? Okay, look, we finally got to this thing. Wait, Tracker
checking in, how are you?

Tracker: I'm okay. The weird thing with me and this shrine is now the second
weirdest thing that's happened.

Kristen: I would agree, I would agree.

Tracker: So I'm here to support. I’m just here to support, I'm supporting.

Kristen: Hey Tracker, is it this painting you think that's weirding you out?

Tracker snorts and growls, halfway to werewolf.

Ally: Okay, okay. Can I go to the painting, and can I try to take it down, and
take it out of it's frame and roll it up?

Brennan: It's not a painting, it's actually like a mural carved into the wall.
It's fully on there. You could try to move the vines back in front of it.

Ally: I would like to do that, yeah.

Brennan: You move the vines, you see Tracker is transforming, and she's trying
to fight it so much. Like half of her head has gone wolf, and the other half
hasn't. She's like,

Tracker snarls.

Kristen: You can go back. Go back behind the tree or something.

Tracker growls loudly.

Brennan: You see she like rolls off to the side. [deep breathing]

Kristen: Take a breath, go behind a tree or something.

Tracker: [out-of-breath] Okay.

Kristen: Come on babe, babe, take a lap.

Zac: Go get behind a tree.

Kristen: Babe, get behind a tree.

Tracker: I'm gonna go behind a tree.

Kristen: Okay, thank you.

Fig: Kristen, I think I should go deal with this for Gorthalax, but do you
want to use this as a chance to come in? It seems like this is the way to get—

Kristen: Do you think they're gonna have the trial inside the--

Fig: Also, what has been going on? Because I've been a little bit checked out
and I'm trying to figure out if there's a way that these demons, if they like
the Nightmare King, or they don't like the Nightmare King?

Kristen: Yeah, good question. All good questions.

Fig: Okay, so you don't know that, it hasn't been covered, okay cool.

Ally: No, it sounds like, wait, sorry. Demons, not.

Brennan: Demons, pro-Nightmare King. Devils anti-Nightmare King.

Kristen: So demons do like the Nightmare King.

Fig: Demons do like the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: But these are devils.

Ally: Can I use my crystal to take a photo of this mural?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Ally: Okay, and when I take it does it show up on my crystal? Can I see it?

Brennan: It does show up on your crystal, yeah.

Kristen: Do you see this mural? Can I show it to--

Emily: Do I see the mural?

Brennan: You do see the mural.

Fig: I see the mural. I see it here, and I also see it on your phone.

Ally: Can I go up to Tracker and see if she reacts to the photo on my crystal?

Kristen: Babe, can I show this to you? It's the same thing, but on the
crystal.

Tracker: Oh, let's not.

Kristen: All right, no problem.

Tracker: Yeah, let's not. I promise,

Kristen: Stay behind the tree.

Ally: I kiss her, I kinda kiss the tree, I don't know why.

Fig: But I mean, I can just go in there on my own and try to maybe get them on
our side. And also like, I'm not gonna shut the portal on my way in, and maybe
you guys can use it.

Kristen: I just don't think that the trial is in Silvaire, right? Isn't she
opening up a portal like down to Hell?

Emily: Is it a portal to Hell, or is it a portal through which one would need
to go to get to Silvaire?

Brennan: It's in the Briar Wall like you would go through to Silvaire, but you
look through and do see a sky of, literally, the sky looks like the surface
of, like if the ocean were the sky, but fire. Just roiling fire from which
meteors rain on a blasted, smoke and ash filled rock red landscape of craters.

Fig: Looks pretty chill.

Kristen: Okay, no, no, okay, I'm not trying to ice your vibe, but what if we
went back and got everybody else, and then your subpoena in is the way all of
us get in?

Fig: I guess I can just stand in the portal and hold it open?

Kristen: Well can't you come back with me and then come back with your
paperwork and be like, "Look, let me in."

Emily: Oh yeah, can I wave my paper and see if it opens a portal for me?

(Lou laughing)

Emily: Like a Metro card?

Brennan: It does not appear. The portal's just there kind of roiling open in
the place.

Fig: Okay, okay yeah, I'll come with you.

Brennan: Cool.

Fig: I guess I'll probably practice my Gorthalax too.

Kristen: Great, yeah, get into Gorthalax and I'll tell you if it's believable
or not.

Brennan: Um, awesome. So you guys head away from the Shrine of Thorns. Tracker
walks with you looking a little bit rattled. You guys get back to Holly Hill.
I'm actually gonna cut back just for timeline reasons, you guys would have
definitely gotten to the Hangvan first, and come back. So you in the, I'll go
back, you get to the Hangvan, and find all this shit in the glove box which is
like effectively, you know like space tech-esque routing information for like
how to send signals to this satellite. So basically you can super boost your
cell phone to skip the need for a cell tower and become like a direct
satellite phone, basically.

Zac: Great. I understand this, and let's (laughing).

Siobhan: Man, you had this information all along you didn't even know. How
ironic.

(Emily laughing)

Zac: I don't think I was ready for it.

Brennan: Cool, you get back to The Tinkerer's Hall with this information.

Zac: Roll it all out.

Gorgug: So, looks like this is the stuff we were talking about, right?

Crumpkin: Well, ding dang, that's great. Well would you like us to see what we
can do to your crystamatron?

Gorgug: Yes, please, of course.

Crumpkin: All right, doo da loo, we'll see you when it's done.

Gorgug: How long do you need?

Brennan: I'm going to make a little roll in the Box of Doom to see how long it
will take. I'll say 5 or below is...

Murph presses the bean-filled dice into Brennan’s hand.

Brennan: Use the little beans.

(group laughing)

Lou: Use the little beans!

Brennan: I'll say a 5 or below is very, very bad. You're looking for higher
than a 10.

Zac: Do not fuck me, little beans.

(group laughing)

Brennan: That's a 7.

Emily: Woo! Little beans!

Brennan: Okay.

Lou: I mean, let's not cheer on the little beans too hard.

Emily: [clapping] Whoo, little beans!

Ally: Little beans!

Brennan: Um, you see he says,

Crumpkin: Well, if we had your help, because we don't really understand
crystamatrons, it will probably go a little faster. But with ourselves, I'd
say we could figure it out in a day or two.

Gorgug: Okay! Um, yeah, for now let's do that. I might have to come and grab
it before you're done, and that's fine. But in the meantime, let's just do
that. I feel like we gotta check back in with the rest of the group.

Fabian: Yeah, and I don't wanna be here anymore.

Gorgug: You don't want them to boost your phone?

Fabian: No, I'm good, you don't have to--

Crumpkin: We can super boost your crystamatron.

Fabian: No, there's a bunch of private stuff on there that I don't want you to
see.

Crumpkin: Really? Like what?

Fabian: Okay, well it's private, so we're not gonna talk about it.

Gorgug: Hey, can you guys switch shoes?

Fabian: No, we aren't gonna switch shoes, all right?

Ally: Oh my god, that would be so cute.

Fabian: There's no way your shoes would fit me.

Crumpkin: You look like you're about my size.

Fabian: What size are you?

Crumpkin: Well, I'm a size five humans.

Fabian: [quietly] Goddammit.

(group laughing)

Fabian: Well, I'm a size... five and a half, so it's just, I have big toes.

Crumpkin: I like a little toe room.

Fabian: [laughing] All right, you know what, your toes are much too curly, and
that's not good for—

Gorgug: I think that's the design of the shoe. It's got curls at the end.

Fabian: But yeah, that's not good for--

Crumpkin: You know you have the curls there so you can put little bells on
them.

Gorgug: Do you want little bells on your shoes?

Fabian: [defeated] Let's go, I wanna go right now.

Brennan: You guys head out. Nerd Squad heads back. You guys see that Sandra
Lynn lands as well. As you guys are approaching, Sandra Lynn lands with
Baxter, and yeah, Sandra Lynn lands with Baxter.

Fig: Mom, do you know anything about the law?

Sandra Lynn: [mildly alarmed] The law?

(Lou laughing)

Fig: Gorthalax is in trouble because he hasn't been taking care of his domain,
and I need to go there and defend him in court.

Kristen: She got subpoenaed while we were in this like crazy altar.

Sandra Lynn: What are you talking about?

Kristen: And also Tracker reacted really crazy to a mural!

Adaine: I think if you're subpoenaed that doesn't mean that you're the lawyer,
I think that means that you're the witness.

Fig: I need to know more about the law. I need to defend Gorthalax's claim to
his station.

Adaine: I think you need to pass the bar exam, and it takes a long time.

Emily: I disguise myself as someone who has passed the bar.

Brennan: You see, Sandra Lynn looks at you and says,

Sandra Lynn: Honestly, Sweetie, you know who, especially with like,
international and in fact interplanar law, you know who actually knows?

Fig: [yelling] The Chosen One! Is it Gilear?

Sandra Lynn: Who?

Brennan: You guys hear coming out of Holly Hill,

Gilear: Um, many of the frittatas have been ruined.

Fabian: You've been making frittatas?

Gilear: It was a poor choice of food to make, they have all gone cold. I made
them almost immediately, but you have been gone for hours.

Gorgug: What's a frittata again?

Siobhan: Cold frittata is still good.

Kristen: I mean, cold frittata is actually, I was just gonna say the same
thing.

Siobhan: I like a cold frittata, delicious.

Kristen: So we'll pour some rose, let's all have a cold frittata.

Adaine: Oh my goodness, a little cold frittata picnic.

Fig: Gilear. I've been waiting for this day to come. This is your moment. I
need you.

Gilear: Nope, what?

Fig: What, why?

Gilear: Why? What, what, what, what?

Kristen: Wait, wouldn't Ayda know about that?

Fig: Uh, she's busy.

Riz: Ayda's not here.

Fig: I heard yeah. Yeah, she has to defend the library.

Kristen: Oh man, where did Ayda go? Who saw her last?

Riz & Adaine: Oh yeah!

Emily, knowing she is being targeted, is laughing in the meantime.

Fabian: Sandra, were you going to say, were you going to say my dad?

Adaine: She didn't say goodbye or anything, that's so rude. I thought we were
friends.

Kristen: Who saw her last?

Fabian: Were you going to say my dad?

Kristen: Who saw her last? And what did you do?

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: No, I was going to say Gilear.

Fabian: [disbelieving] Oh, really?

Sandra Lynn: Well Gilear's job was diplomatic rela— Gilear was not the face,
he was a sort of expert in you know,

Adaine: Oh, like a solicitor.

Fig: Adaine, permission to reach into your jacket?

Adaine: What do you want? Yeah, fine. [holds open the pockets]

Emily: Can I pull out a little Barrister's wig?

(group laughing)

Brennan: Gilear looks at it and says,

Gilear: Ugh.

Fig: I think you're ready to get back in the game.

Gilear: None of the cultures I have worked for use these wigs.

Kristen: Adaine, permission to reach past your torso into your jacket?

Adaine: I mean, we're all doing it, I guess.

Ally: I pull out a little gavel.

(Emily laughing)

Gilear: Do you think as a lawyer,

Adaine: A solicitor is not a barrister or a judge.

Kristen: I'm really shootin' in the dark.

Gilear: I want to be very clear about something. I'm going to take the gavel.
[nods] I'm going to be very clear about something. I am not a lawyer, I have
not passed any test to effectively practice law. I was, for a time in my
earlier position as Elven Council, the equivalent of a glorified paralegal.

Fig: Hmm, okay.

Gilear: Especially the laws of Hell.

Fig: If you just need a front person, you can be the brains, I'll just be the
body out there. I'll be there workin' it as a famous lawyer from Billboards.

Gilear: Very well.

Brennan: You see that he says,

Gilear: All right, well, fine, I give you my word, I will help you in this
endeavor. It's confusing because I didn't think we would be able to get in
trouble with Arborly. Didn't the fox say we were all—

Fig: Oh, this is in Hell.

Gilear: "What?"

Fig: Hell.

Gilear: What?

Fig: Hell.

Gilear: [sadly] Oh no.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that,

Kristen: This is a really keyed up woman from hell.

Fig: Yeah.

Kristen: Like,

Fig: Working through something.

Gilear: [faintly] I, what have you done?

Kristen: She's furious. We barely did anything. I was looking at a mural,
trying to figure out if it was a tequila advertisement, and she screamed at
me.

Gilear: Okay.

Fig: So yeah, there's a portal open, we can all go.

Kristen: To Hell.

Fig: And I think that we can use it.

Kristen: Angry woman wants to take you to hell.

Riz: Do we want Gilear to read the subpoena?

Fabian: Yes.

Fig: [handing it over] Oh yeah, Gilear, do you want to read this?

Kristen: Do you read Infernal?

Emily: I'll read it to him. I'll translate it to him and then he can translate
the legalese.

Siobhan: I read Infernal also.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Nice.

Brennan: You see Gilear says,

Gilear: Uh, all right, it looks as if you are, well let me be very clear.
Everyone is in great danger all of the time.

Adaine: I agree.

Fig: Yeah.

Gilear: Good? But disquieting, coming from the Oracle.

(Emily & Ally laughing)

Gilear: What I would say is this. This subpoena has no clauses concerning your
soul. There's nothing for you to sign. They have stipulated that they will
send people to come and get you if you don't comply, which is normally how a
subpoena works. But, it appears that they are simply seeking you for
information, and that the target of this whole situation is Gorthalax.

Fig: Yes, but I'm asking you to help Gorthalax out, because he's gonna lose
his entire domain, and it's not his fault. He's been trapped inside of a gem.

Kristen: Is there a way you think, to convince them to go with us, to follow
Gorthalax, because we'll get what we want, and they'll get what they want
which is Gorthalax.

Fig: That's what I'm also saying, is this is also an excuse to get in there
and be like, "Hey, you know how you hate demons, and they love the Nightmare
King? They're trying to bring the Nightmare King back."

Gilear: Um—

Fig: But you don't have to worry about that part. We'll start that as sort of
a grassroots campaign.

Gilear: Very well.

Siobhan: I start pulling flyers out of my—

(group laughing)

Siobhan: Very beautifully printed pamphlets.

Zac: Wow, lookit.

Siobhan: Oh, there's a typo.

Fig: So you would just be doing Gorthalax a solid, which you don't owe him by
any means, but I mean, heck if all of us wouldn't like to watch you strut your
stuff in the courtroom. I would like to see you make that stenographer's hand
dance.

Gilear: [sighs] I must be clear. At no point,

Siobhan: I pull a black robe out of my coat, and wrap it around his shoulders.

Kristen: Everyone, order, order.

Zac: Are you as Gorthalax right now?

Ally: I start acting like the bailiff,

Kristen: Hey!

(players laughing)

Gilear: At no point in time in the past or in any possible future have I ever,
will I ever, and perhaps can I ever strut my stuff.

Fabian: Oh, come on, Gilear.

Gilear: The thought of it is impossible to even envision.

Fabian: Could you have seen yourself trapped in a wheel well with an apple in
your mouth shitting yourself? And that happened yesterday. You never know
what—

Gilear: This isn't helping me feel more confident. Daughter, I will of course
help you, gladly.

Fig: Thank you. I appreciate it, and I'll give you any support you want.

Gilear: Very well. Okay.

Brennan: You see that, cool, so this having been, so Gilear, you know, is
looking at it and has at least some understanding of it. Do the rest of you
communicate all the crazy shit that has happened?

Siobhan: Can I Message to everybody? Or, I guess we were speaking about it out
loud. I just want to tell them about the Message thing.

Adaine: So basically she can't see inside our minds. So if you have something
to say and you don't have the Message spell, just give a thumbs up and one of
us will Message and then we can like, loop everybody in that way.

Fig: I have the Message spell.

Adaine: I have it.

Kristen: I don't.

Riz: Oh, yeah.

Gorgug: I do not.

Riz: Kristen, we also have these medical papers. Is there a cure?

Ally: Um yeah, can I try to look through these?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a, give me a Medicine check.

Ally makes their roll. Murph, seeing it, claps his hands and leans back in his
seat, raising both hands over his head. Ally looks Brennan directly in the
eye.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: Are you kidding me?

Ally: Nat 20.

(Emily yelling and clapping)

Ally: A fucking nat 20.

Brennan stares at them, stunned into silence.

Emily: Yes, yes, yes, yes, whoo, whoo, whoo! [slams table]

Lou: And it's not even with the little bean.

Zac: It seems like there's some dice over there that you've been waiting to
eat.

Emily: Oh, this might be time!

Siobhan: Yeah!

[Ally claps]

Lou: Eat a dice.

Ally: Come on, baby.

Lou: Eat a damn die.

Ally: Let me get that, bitch.

Emily: Hope you're not on keto!

Brennan: Which— pffffft.

Ally: Because beans are legumes.

Brennan: Which dice do you guys want?

Ally: The beans or Tide pod?

Brennan: I mean which in the--

Siobhan: I feel like this is a small victory

Emily: A d4.

Ally & Siobhan: Yeah, let's have d4.

Zac: And be careful, those are the sharpest ones.

Ally: Yeah, maybe a d6.

Brennan looks directly into the camera and raises his edible d4 like a toast.

Brennan: Do you want me to d4 or d6?

Lou: D4.

Siobhan: Do a d4.

Zac: It might be really hard.

Brennan continues to look directly into the camera as he chomps on his d4.

Brennan: [slightly muffled] I'm eating my dice.

Lou: How is it? How does it taste?

Brennan: It's not bad.

Siobhan: Now I'm jealous. I wanna eat a dice.

Ally: What a cool thing, yeah.

Brennan wiggles his shoulders at Siobhan.

Zac: It's just like a hard candy that you just have in your mouth for another
30 minutes.

Brennan: It's so sharp.

(group laughing and clapping)

Brennan: Okay, so—

Ally: Whoo!

Brennan’s d4 eating makes a slight slurping noise.

Emily: No, this is gonna be the sound of this episode!

(making slurping noises)

Brennan: Nat 20? ...goddammit.

Murph: And that's, yeah what is that, 29?

Ally: Oh yeah, that's a 29, technically.

Emily: That is a beautiful Ally roll.

Brennan: [quietly] You have a plus nine?

Ally: A plus nine to do a medicine, yeah.

Brennan: You know you could make a tincture that would require dusk moss and a
couple other things, like alchemical goods that these guys have not gotten
from the Tinkerer's Hall. The other thing is you looking at this, and
understanding the medicine that you would need, most clerics couldn't, you
with Greater Restoration could cure this.

The cast gasps.

Brennan: [slightly muffled] So you look at the medicine, Riz and Adaine point
everything out. You with Greater Restoration can cure this.

Siobhan: Can I Message,

Adaine: If you've figured it out, don't say it out loud?

Fig: Mm, yeah. Oh yeah, Message—

Adaine: Maybe it would be useful for us to not cure it, and use our link to
Kalina in terms of disinformation. Is there something in that?

Emily: Well, I'm gonna message and say like,

Fig: What if we cured everyone but one person?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn sees you guys start messaging each other, and says,

Sandra Lynn: I'm gonna talk about what I found out.

Brennan: And starts talking so that someone is talking while you guys are
talking, in case anyone's watching.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn very briefly just found the spot in the forest where she
thinks Aelwyn, Arianwen and Killian made their way into the woods.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: So we all look at her and like, [nodding]

Brennan: Yeah, exactly. But you guys have this real conversation instead.

Murph: Cool.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Okay, I Message,

Kristen: I need a spell that I haven't stocked. So the next time we take a
rest, I can stock a spell and I can heal this. But I think you might be onto
something, keep one person healed?

Fig: That's what I'm wondering.

Kristen: Do you think she can sense when she's lost...?

Adaine: She wouldn't be able to get into you. So she would know.

Fig: She'll know, but I feel like if there was one person who still had it,
she would be distracted by trying to use that person to find us, maybe?

Kristen: Or should we just keep it on all of us and I can stock as much of
this antidote as I need.

Adaine: Right.

Fig: And then the moment we want. Can you do that with Greater Restoration?
Can you make it like a potion and then—

Kristen: Well there are two options. I can make a tincture or I can try to
heal this.

Gorgug: Can you actually make the tincture though?

Kristen: We only need a few things, right?

Brennan: You know how to make it, but some of the stuff that you would need is
shit that is like herbalist stuff that's gonna come from in Silvaire. You'd
have to go through the wall--

Siobhan: Would it be things that are worth less than 10 gold pieces?

Brennan: Let me roll a little dice. A few of them are, one or two are not.

Adaine: Okay, so I can get some of them through my jacket.

Kristen: Cool.

Brennan: So at least if you go the tincture route, you'll be able to do it
much faster because you've produced the vast majority of what you need.
Tracker—

Fig: That's good because it would be so dope,

Emily: Again this is Message,

Fig: It would be so dope to just get a bunch of tinctures on the sly, and then
just all be like, "Bye Kalina." [mimics drinking a potion]

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Yes.

Brennan: You see that Tracker goes and says,

Tracker: That's the reason I like tincture plan the most. I will point
something else out which is this. If we are sure that Kalina can't get into
the Hallow, we could theoretically have everybody who's in trouble,

Brennan: [muffled] This dice is in my mouth.

Zac: You gotta get it out.

Ally: Spit it out, and see what you roll.

Emily: Spit it out. We did the gag, we'll know never to do it again.

Brenan spits the die out onto the table, and checks to see how it landed.

Siobhan: We will do it one more time.

Brennan: Wow, ooh, it's what are, that is that edible. It got way smaller. I'm
gonna say that's a four.

(group laughing)

Brennan: Whoo! Huuah, very tasty. You see that she looks at you and says,

Tracker: Another way out of this could be,

Ally: In Message.

Brennan: Yes, she's speaking in Message, or I guess going through Adaine as
the hub, sending Messages out to people.

Fig: I can also be a hub. Why is no one Messaging through me?

Brennan: You see that Tracker basically goes,

Siobhan: Sitting there, like, [rapidly points her fingers at everyone in the
somatic component of the Message spell]

Gorgug: [to Fig] What’s everyone talking about?

Brennan: It's very funny, Sandra Lynn and Gilear are just kind of like
chatting out here as the four teen girls are like [waves hands] brrrrrrrrrr
going back and forth.

Ally: We're trying to nod at them like we're listening. [they mimic silently
Messaging, then turning and nodding with a pleasant expression]

Brennan: Yeah.

(group laughing)

Brennan: It is the equivalent of just like texting under your desk while
you're… You see that she looks over to you and says,

Tracker: If everyone that was infected stowed away in the Hangvan, and Kalina
couldn't see us all, it might get funky in there, but we could take— How many
times a day do you think you can cast Greater Restoration?

Kristen: I think that's what, like a fifth level spell?

Fig: Is it fifth level?

Adaine: So twice?

Kristen: Once, once a day.

Adaine: Oh, once a day.

Brennan: So Tracker says,

Tracker: If we wanted to do the safe route we could hunker down in the van,
start—

Fig: Start doing it. That's true because of the Hangvan, as long as we make a
big deal about going into the Hangvan, she'll know, "Oh, there's been times
that I've not been able to follow them in there before." So she might just
assume that.

Adaine: Do you have—

Fig: So maybe we all pretend to be, like everyone who's infected pretends to
be like unconscious and we deposit them in the Hangvan and she thinks, wow,
they must be recovering in the Hangvan.

Adaine: Do you recover spells when you take a short rest? Or is that just a
wizard thing?

Brennan: Just a long rest.

Fig: I don't think clerics do.

Kristen: Just a long rest.

Fig: That's a cool thing though.

Adaine: It is, it's useful.

Brennan: See Tracker looks and says,

Tracker: So there is like a surefire way of doing this,

Kristen: But it would take eight days to get all of us.

Tracker: I'm trying to think. How many of us?

Kristen: Us six, you and Ragh, right?

Adaine: Well no, but not all of us are infected.

Fig: I'm not infected.

Adaine: Just you two,

Riz: Tracker,

Adaine: Tracker,

Riz: Sandra Lynn.

Adaine: Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: Tracker looks and says,

Tracker: I can do Detect, I can Detect Poison and Disease right now and try to
just see—

Riz: It's just four of us.

Brennan: She's like,

Tracker: It's you and me, Riz, Sandra Lynn, is there anyone?

Fig: Ragh.

Riz: Does Ragh, is Ragh?

Tracker: Ragh, yeah.

Adaine: Ragh.

Fig: Five.

Kristen: That's it?

Adaine: What about Gilear?

Brennan: You see Gilear says,

Gilear: Let me take a look at that photograph?

Emily: Just do a general Detect Poisons and Disease on Gilear.

Gorgug: Gilear, I don't mean to pry.

Brennan: You detect a powerful aura coming from his feet. Other than that,
nothing.

Gilear: May I take a look at the photograph?

Riz holds the picture of Kalina up to him.

Gilear: Nope.

Zac: I'm gonna take Fig aside and ask,

Gorgug: [quietly] So I don't wanna ask Gilear this, because it feels so mean.
But shouldn't he and Sandra Lynn, just because there was a, when did they not,

Fig: Oh. You're right. How did it not get passed?

Gorgug: You know what I mean?

Fig: From her to him? Well, we don't entirely understand.

Gorgug: Sure.

Fig: Because it is a fluid thing, right?

Gorgug: I think so. That's such a f—

Emily: I'm gonna message just Sandra Lynn.

Fig: Mom, mom, it's me, Fig.

Sandra Lynn: Hey, what's up?

Zac: [covering his face, very quietly] Oh no. Oh no.

Fig: Hey, I'm gonna ask a really sensitive question, but give me a blunt
answer.

Sandra Lynn: Okay.

Fig: How come Gilear doesn't have what you have?

Sandra Lynn: [long breath in] Uh, great question.

Fig: Yeah?

(awkward pause, group laughs)

Sandra Lynn: I understand what the implication here is. Gilear and I did…
[stilted] sleep together, many, many times. This is weird.

Fig: I really think I need to know. I need to understand, I'm sorry.

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, no, I mean, your father and I, you know, and he is your
father, he raised you, you know your father.

Fig: Yeah, he's definitely my dad.

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, of course.

Fig: He's also now my lawyer.

Sandra Lynn: Again, he has not, he has passed the bar nowhere. So just go in
with expectations set at—

Fig: We're gonna drop the para from legal. He's walkin' out of Hell just
legal.

Sandra Lynn: Wild. So, [hesitantly] your father and I... haven't, um... okay,
I'm gonna say this the least icky way that I can. I could have gotten this
infection any time in the past three-ish years—

Fig: And Gilear would not have received it.

Sandra Lynn: Correct.

Fig: Okay.

Emily: I message Gorgug and I say,

Fig: They did do it on the reg,

(group laughing)

Gorgug: Okay, thanks, yeah.

Fig: But Sandra Lynn thinks maybe she got it more recently, ever since they
stopped doing it.

Gorgug: I'm so sorry I brought this up. I'm so sorry.

(group laughing)

Fig: Thank you for your candor, mom.

Gorgug: I feel really bad.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Sandra Lynn: Absolutely, listen, this is [sighs] having your parents come on
an adventure with you, the close quarters and how high the stakes are have
meant that there have been a lot of divulgences that I would never have
anticipated. I love you, it's weird, sorry for all this weird info, but you
know.

Fig: That's okay, I think we'll be closer because of it.

Sandra Lynn: Yeah, no, believe me. And again, I just feel Gilear is a great,
he’s great, and there was a period of time—

Fig: He's more than great, he's the Chosen One.

Sandra Lynn: You keep saying that, and I can't tell if you really believe that
or if it's like a teen joke.

Fig: I don't know either.

Sandra Lynn: Wow. I don't miss being a teenager.

(group laughing)

Brennan: So, you guys are left talking about this kind of spell thing. But
you've communicated all the stuff that you guys researched in the Owl and the
Harp. Corroborate a lot of that alchemical stuff from the Tinkerer's Hall.

Gorgug: Yeah, so um, we can speak freely in here, right?

Brennan: If you guys go into the Hangvan, you’ll be able to speak freely, yes.

Murph: Yeah, let's do that, let's go into the Hangvan.

Gorgug: So we're in the van now. I got some hallucinogens?

Adaine: What?

Fabian: We bought so many drugs. Bought so many drugs.

Gorgug: We bought some drugs.

Fig: I am straight-edge except for hallucinogens.

Kristen: We actually need that for the tincture.

Adaine: I've heard it's really good for anxiety, actually.

Gorgug: Okay?

Fabian: Okay.

Kristen: Okay, so here are our options.

Gorgug: We just bought what they bought.

Fabian: Yeah, and it just so happens that it was a bunch of drugs.

Gorgug: And it seems like it's legal here.

Fabian: It's not even like a thing.

Brennan: You see Ragh is in the corner just going…

Ragh stares confusedly at something he’s holding in his hand.

Fabian: [disapproving] Ragh, no! Ragh!

Riz: You're gonna go absolutely crazy if you have any of that.

Fabian: Ragh, did you do some?

Ragh: What?

Fabian: Don't wear a hat.

Ragh: [angry and disoriented] Shut up dude, fuck you, what?

Kristen: How much did you have?

Ragh: What?

Kristen: How much, a scoop?

Ragh: A hand's just like a little animal on the end of your arm.

Kristen: Okay, he had a very big chunk. Hey, we can either stay here for five
days straight for me to try to heal everybody,

Gorgug: We don't have the time, it's spring break.

Fabian: Also, are we going to hell?

Adaine: Yes, it’s spring break, we do have to go.

Fig: Yes, I do have to go.

Kristen: So I guess we should go the tincture route, right?

Gorgug: I think you should prepare both.

Adaine: Yeah, you should stock it.

Kristen: Well I can't, oh I will stock it for sure as soon as I can, but, so
we don't have everything for the tincture. Now we know she can see through us,
but she doesn't have our mind, and we proceed as normal and she thinks she
still has the better—

Adaine: Can you give me a shopping list, and I'll go to the alchemical place?

Ally: Is it cool for me to--

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Ally: Do I have everything on it? Was I able to--

Brennan: The things you aren't able to pull out of the jacket, the Owlbears on
the squad already got from—

Murph: Oh great, so we have everything.

Brennan: Except for one or two ingredients from beyond the forest. You know
that going to the Tinkerer's Hall would be a moot point.

Siobhan: Oh, so we'd have to be inside the forest to get them anyway.

Brennan: Correct.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: So we have to do Greater Restoration.

Ally: Yes. Well, that's five days.

Siobhan: Or, I mean we're going into the forest anyway.

Brennan: You either have to do Greater Restoration or risk going into the
forest with some of you infected, and trying to address it there. So there's a
riskier faster option, and a slower safer option.

Riz: Here's the only other thing I'm concerned about, is if we go to Hell for
this trial, I don't know if we want the demons knowing what goes on in Hell,
right?

Gorgug: So should the people who aren't infected go to hell?

Adaine: Maybe you guys don't come.

Fig: Adaine and me and Gorgug, like a lot of us are not,

Emily: This is a Message, no wait, we're in Hallow.

Kristen: Yeah, so you three could go.

Fig: We are ones who can go talk to the devils about the demons, and they
won't see anything.

Riz: I don't know if we should split up going to Hell. I think if we're going
to Hell that's a full team event.

Fabian: Is there a world where we take a day or two, or, what, we need what,
what if just the Bad Kids, you know, what if we just, you know Greater
Restored us and left Ragh and Sandra Lynn and Tracker behind?

Adaine: Or you guys just stay in the Hallow unless we need you when we're in
Hell, but that's sort of boring. Can we drive the van into the court?

Fig: Yeah, I can stretch that portal big enough, I think.

Brennan: Under no circumstance can you stretch the portal big enough.

Siobhan: What about if I cast Enlarge/Reduce on the van while we're inside it?

Zac: Honey I shrunk the—

Brennan: I'm gonna look up the Enlarge/Reduce spell.

Zac: Honey, I shrunk the van.

Murph: Can Tracker cast Greater Restoration?

Brennan: She can't, I specifically made this illness… I am honoring a nat 20
in this moment.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: If a target is a creature, anything it's wearing and carrying changes
size with it.

Emily: Oh, the Hangvan's technically a creature.

Siobhan: Now I would say that the Hangvan is a sentient being, and that us
being inside the Hangvan would technically mean that we are being worn by the
Hangvan.

Brennan: Because the Hangvan cannot ambulate itself, its intelligence--

Siobhan: That is ableist.

Brennan: Pfft.

Siobhan: [fake-offended] Wow.

Zac: I think you found your lawyer.

Ally: I think you found your freakin' lawyer over here.

Lou: I think you found your freaking lawyer over here.

Emily: Don't tell Gilear, it'll break his heart.

Brennan: The CPU of the Hangvan is a sentient creature. The mechanical
structure which it inhabits is not.

Ally: Okay.

Siobhan: What if we shrink it and take it in, like walk in next to it?

Brennan: Oh, how about this. How about this as a definitive thing? Something
that you can cast Hallow on is fundamentally not something you can cast
Enlarge/Reduce on.

Ally: All right, fair enough.

Siobhan: It's an object!

Zac: I go to the Tinkerer's Hall.

Siobhan: An item or object.

Brennan: Oh, it's creature or object? Okay.

Zac: I go to the Tinkerer's Hall. [laughing] I make a a vest that has a bunch
of pockets on it, human-sized pockets. Everyone hops into those.
Enlarge/Reduce on me.

(group laughing)

Emily: Also cast a Hallow on,

Ally: On the vest.

Kristen: You guys, so don't you think if we're kind of already one step ahead
of the Shadow Cat if we know how to stop it but she thinks that we're
completely powerless?

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: Should we just proceed as normal and hope to pick up these things in
Silvaire?

Fig: I think we proceed as normal, but I do that your priorities should be,
Kristen, maybe you just Greater Restore yourself? Maybe you Greater Restore—

Kristen: One at a time, we start knocking them down.

Adaine: I think it's useful for her to have some information from us as a
disinformation thing.

Zac: Uh, nevermind.

Brennan: Tracker brings it up and just says,

Tracker: The moment that Kalina can go into one of our eyes, see one of us,
and know that she can't go into those other person's eyes, the jig's up.

Fig: Then tincture route's the only way to do it.

Adaine: I think it's tincture route. I think the tincture route is the way to
do it.

Kristen: And when we do the tincture, we all do it at once. I make enough for
all of us to just drop it.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah. Line ‘em up.

Riz: I think I'm also, I mentioned before that I was concerned about going to
hell and her possibly being able to see the trial. But hell is also bad, so I
don't really care if they all end up fighting and killing each other.

Fabian: Cool.

Kristen: Yeah.

Riz: Let's just go to Hell.

Kristen: I think you're right, let's do it.

Fig: I think it's our only way.

Kristen: One thing at a time.

Riz: Also, they're super far along already. They have Gorthalax and they're
in.

Kristen: Not to be— Yeah.

Riz: So it's not like, yeah.

Kristen: This is really dramatic, but when we do take the tincture, how about
when someone takes it, all of us scream, "Oh no, they died!" And she'll think
each of these people have died and she'll be expecting half the size of the
party.

Fig: This is amazing. We should choreograph some beautiful fights where Fabian
does the final thrust.

Adaine: [crosstalk] If everybody's taking the tincture at the same time, then
she won't have access to anything.

Kristen: No, we do it one at a time. We all dramatically go, [chokes]

Gorgug: Let's not tell Gilear this plan, and then he watches us die, and then
he's not even acting.

Kristen: Is Gilear coming with us? No, Gilear is staying and making more
frittatas.

Fabian: No, he's coming to hell.

Fig: No, Gilear’s the barrister!

Riz: Gilear is coming to Hell.

Gilear: [with dread] Oh, no.

Kristen: Wait, Gilear, you're in the van?

Gilear: Yes, I am here as well.

Kristen: Of course, of course.

Fig: I saw you the whole time.

Gilear: Thank you, daughter.

Kristen: I just don't know if I trust Gilear. Oh, was that not a Message?

Brennan: So it sounds like unless you guys have any other business in Arborly,
it sounds like the plan is to head to hell.

Riz: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: Let's go to fucking Hell.

(group laughing)

Fig: I gotta go there. If you don't wanna go there, you don't have to go
there, but I do have to go there.

Riz: I super wanna go to hell.

Gorgug: Hey, I'll see you in hell.

Adaine: Hey, see you in hell, man.

Riz: Hey, see you in hell.

Adaine: See you in hell.

Riz: See you in hell.

Emily: See you in hell.

Fabian: See you in hell.

Riz: See you in hell.

Brennan: You guys go back to the Shrine of Thorns. Tracker looks and says,

Tracker: I... can't go into this shrine.

Kristen: Oh, it was that bad? Yeah, I wanted to talk to you. Sorry, that all
got so crazy there with frittatas.

Tracker: It's okay, I just feel, I honestly got distracted by the frittatas
too.

Kristen: Right? They were so cold. I thought it would be good, but it was
actually like ice cold.

Tracker: I think he put them in the freezer.

Kristen: I think so too.

(Lou & Emily laughing)

Kristen: I'm so sick of getting punked by him.

Tracker: Yeah, it's also just weird to put kale and spinach in the same
frittata.

Kristen: Thank you, this is why I love you.

Tracker: I love you so much.

Kristen: We align on such. Okay, so, that's the only entryway for us.

Tracker: Um, I can try to come through just to make sure. Or maybe,

Kristen: No don't, no.

Tracker: The van's gonna be here, right? So maybe I'll kick it with the van.

Kristen: I mean, you know what this sounds like, right? This was my original
idea to chain you inside the van and not allow you to come into the forest.
Sounds like we need to like start that right now.

Brennan: You see that her eyes go yellow and she goes,

Tracker: Are you trying to piss me off on purpose?

Ally: I take out little handcuffs that have our initials engraved.

Tracker: Stop it.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn goes,

Kristen: You're under arrest.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: Knock it off!

Kristen: Oh!

(group laughing)

Kristen: No one yells at Officer Kristen like that.

Ally: I go to handcuff Sandra Lynn.

Sandra Lynn gives Kristen a “mom look”.

Kristen: Sorry, actually,

Sandra Lynn: I'm not playing.

Kristen: No, me neither, actually.

Sandra Lynn: I’m not playing.

Kristen: [giggling] Were you about to leave?

Sandra Lynn: [shaking her head] So help me God, Kristen Applebees, I
understand that I work for you but,

Kristen: That’s Officer.

Sandra Lynn: So help— wow.

(group bursting into laughter)

Brennan: So Tracker, she's gonna stay with the van, but she's gonna wait at
the outside of the door just to like see you guys off. Gilear walks up to you,
Fig, he's like,

Gilear: Very well, as your representative I— ohhhh, no.

Brennan: Cool. Go ahead,

Fabian: Wait, can I ask, Hangman, are you a devil or a demon?

Hangman: I am a devil of the Nine Hells.

Fabian: Are we cool with devils?

Fig: Absolutely, yeah.

Fabian: Okay, devils are cool.

Riz: Well, we're not super cool with them.

Fabian: Well no, we're cool with devils!

Fig: [offended] Oh I'm sorry, do you have a problem with devils?

Riz: No, I don't have, just any devil—

Fig: Since when do you have a problem with devils?

Hangman: Right, because goblins have such a great reputation.

Riz: That's what I'm saying, there’s bad— there's bad goblins—

Fabian: Oh, snap, the Hangman!

Hangman: You’ll burn! [flame comes out of its eyes]

Riz: I'm saying if I was subpoenaed by crazy goblins who were taking me to a
weird thing to punish a goblin friend who is taken in a gem, I might be
concerned about those goblins.

Fig: I'm gonna put it out there and say, I got a subpoena from Hell and it's
literally the tamest subpoena that could possibly, it makes sense. Gorthalax
hasn't been there. They don't know where he's been there. They're acting
pretty rationally. I'll play ball.

Riz: So the person who subpoenaed you, they were cool?

Kristen: No!

Fig: I think that we met her on a bad day.

Kristen: She was horrible.

Fig: Bad day, bad day for that one.

Brennan: Cool. Go ahead, if you guys would be so kind, and give me a marching
order with you and your hirelings. The door is very small.

Fig: I think I have to go in last, because once I go in, it's gonna close.

Riz: Good call.

Adaine: Good idea.

Kristen: That's smart.

Fig: Thank you, I'm pretty smart.

Brennan: You see that as people who are not you approach, briars grow out over
the door. So you think that you need to actually in fact be first to go
through the door.

Ally: [crosstalk] And wait in the doorway, maybe, and be kinda like—

Emily: Okay, I'm going to walk through the door and stand in between.

Murph: Hanging onto Fig’s leg. [pretends to wrap arms around her leg]

Emily: Like I'm gonna pretend to check my phone which is actually an '80s
brick phone,

Zac: You're like holding the elevator open?

Emily: And I'm just gonna pretend like I'm checking my phone like I got
distracted in the middle of walking through.

Fig: Ho, I'm gonna check something. [beckons them frantically]

Brennan: Cool. You walk in the doorway. Gilear is right behind you. You see
that he walks into the blasted plain of Avernus, and a little [ping!] spark
hits a bald patch on his head. He goes,

Gilear: Ahh! [puts his hands to his head]

Brennan: Covers himself.

Gorgug: Put your hat on! That denim hat will protect you.

Brennan: He puts his beret on, his little beret.

Siobhan: Chambray beret.

Brennan: Marching order, did you want to send the Hangman in next as a devil
after you?

Fig: Do you want to send the Hangman in?

Fabian: Hangman, get in there.

The Hangman’s engine revs as it gets into place.

Fig: Don’t you wanna be riding him? Why don’t you ride him? Or maybe a couple
people—

Riz: Why don’t you guys ride the Hangman?

Fabian: Yeah, does anyone want to hop on?

Adaine: I'll hop on.

Fabian: Great.

Fig: I'm still checkin' my phone.

Riz: [clinging to her leg] Sweet, I'll go with Fig.

Ally: Can I reach over, because Tracker's there seeing us off?

Brennan: Tracker is there seeing you off. So give me an order, like one by
one. So it's Fig, Gilear, and then who else?

Murph: I am literally, I think in like Fig's backpack or just hanging onto
Fig. So I am I guess second behind Fig.

Lou: Hangman is me and Adaine cruising through after Gilear.

Gorgug: [to Kristen] Do you want to go second to last or last? I don't really
have a strong—

Kristen: Maybe the last, I just want to say goodbye to Tracker really quick.
Feels crazy to split up.

Brennan: Awesome.

Lou: And Sandra Lynn is coming?

Brennan: And you're riding and then Adaine's on the back of the Hangman?

Lou: And Ragh can be right behind us.

Gorgug: Is Tracker gonna be there by herself?

Adaine: Yeah, maybe we should leave Ragh with Tracker. Is that crazy?

Brennan rolls a die, sucks in a startled breath, then raises an eyebrow.

Lou: [to Brennan] Don't make faces.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Lou: Stop rolling dice quietly and making faces.

Brennan: Fig, Gilear walk in. The Hangman—

Emily: I don't walk in, I stand one leg in each.

Brennan: Sure thing.

Emily: I'm straddling the portal.

Adaine: Wow, that's like a metaphor for your life.

Brennan: Fig holding the door open, Gilear, the Hangman, Fabian, I'm going to
need a DC 20 Dexterity saving throw for him.

Murph: What about me, because I was with Fig.

Emily: Yeah, he's in my pocket, my backpack.

Siobhan: Can I give him,

Murph: I was like, I'm hanging on to Fig. I was going with Fig.

Brennan: You're hanging onto Fig's,

Ally: Does that mean you're half in and half out?

Siobhan: Wait, me as well?

Brennan: Okay, so it's Fig and Riz in your backpack, then it's Gilear? Okay in
that case, I'm actually gonna need the same saving throw. I'm gonna need a
saving throw for Fabian and the Hangman.

Siobhan: Can I give him the help action?

Brennan: Yes. Do you want to give it to the Hangman or Fabian?

Lou: Give it to, give it to the Hangman.

Siobhan: I'll give it to the Hangman, because that seems more dangerous to me
personally.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Cool. Uh… [disappointed noise]

Siobhan: Stop using these cursed dice. You have so many new dice.

Lou: I do have so many new dice. That's a 15 for me. And that's plus 20 for
the Hangman.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: I gave help, so you should see if,

Brennan: See if you crit?

Siobhan: You crit.

Lou: It is one higher. It's a 19 plus three, 22.

Brennan: Fig, Riz in her backpack, Gilear standing next to her, the Hangman
motors in. Hold on one second.

Lou: What's it mean that I, I'm on the Hangman.

Brennan: As your devil motorcycle crosses the threshold, the presence of a
devil in the doorway, (making a growling whooshing noise) the briars snatch
across you. The briars grab you, pull you through into the other side. Fabian
and Adaine, you are caught in the briars and forcibly ejected. The doorway of
fire disappears. [snaps] Fig, Riz, Gilear, and the Hangman are standing on a
blasted plan as a doorway flips into a little bit of fire and (whooshing)
vanishes.

Adaine: Oh, that was bad.

Kristen: Fuck!

Adaine: Oh dear.

Fig: Should I have gone last? Oh wait, no I couldn't.

Fabian: Hangman!

Lou: Can I communicate with it?

Brennan: You reach out to the Hangman,

Hangman: Sire, where are you?

Fabian: Where are you?

Hangman: I felt your butt leave my seat!

Fabian: Something happened! The briar closed.

Hangman: The warmth of your thighs left the stride of my,

Fabian: All right, you can turn it down. Are you okay?

Hangman: [yelling] I can't turn it down, I'm sad!

Fabian: You are literally the sweetest, meanest thing ever. Are you all okay?

Hangman: Sire, you can hear me from the first of the Nine. Yes. We are all
right.

Brennan: You guys, Fig...

Fig: I feel bad. You didn't even want to come to Hell.

Riz: I super wanted to come to Hell.

Zac: You just don't like Hell.

Brennan: A blast of fire rains from the sky.

Emily: I cast Protection from Fire, Protection from Fire on Riz.

Brennan: Riz, you take no damage. You [Fig] take only two points of damage.
Gilear falls to the ground dead.

Emily: Wait, what?

Siobhan: No!

Murph: Wait, knocked out or dead?

Brennan: At zero.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: He's at zero hit points.

Murph: Oh my god.

Emily: I heal him!

Brennan: He just (making explosion noises and gasping).

Murph: I really quick grab Gilear.

Brennan: His little barrister wig is just burning.

Riz: [exasperated] All right, let’s put him on the Hangman!

Ally: Still in the robe?

Brennan: Still in the robe.

Riz: See, I told you Hell was bad. I mean, this is awesome, but this is bad.

Gorgug: Hey, this is based on nothing, but I feel like Gilear is dead.

Adaine: I think it’s a really good instinct.

(group laughing)

Emily: I only have Healing Word.

Murph: I actually have the Healer feat.

Emily: Oh, you do?

Murph: Yeah, I a long time ago stole a first aid kit, and Gilear got pretty
mad at me for stealing the first aid kit, but [shrugs] check this out, Gilear.

Brennan: His first death saving throw is—

Murph: Wait a minute, I help him, I help—

Emily: Healing Word, Healing Word!

Murph: No, no, no, I'll just do the, don't even waste your spell. I'll
Healer’s Kit him.

Brennan: You see he, (gasping) badly burned, wig on fire,

Gilear: Oh, what happened? Have we been attacked?

Riz: Uh, that was just the rain. Just the fire rain.

Brennan: You see the Hangman says,

Hangman: Long have I waited [sadly] to ride this place with my master astride
me. [through tears] And now he is gone.

Fig: I don't wanna be part of the sad crew where we're mad to be in hell. How
do we get your master back?

Hangman: My master, we must, the portal was created for the purpose of this
dark tribunal. Once the tribunal is concluded, they are obliged by the ancient
laws of hell to deposit us from whence we came.

Riz: So I guess we just go through with it.

Fig: Okay, so I guess we just go through the tribunal.

Brennan: You see the Hangman says,

Hangman: Pathetic elf, do you submit to the mark of the Hangman?

Brennan: And you see that Gilear says,

Gilear: Huh?

Brennan: You see that both of the skull eyes glow with like, dark red
pinpoints of light, and he just etches a blast of blood and fire into a dark
infernal rune on Gilear's forehead. He goes,

Gilear: Ahhh!

Brennan: He says,

Hangman: The dark dominion of this place shall not harm you while you stride
in the company of a devil of the Nine Hells.

Brennan: And you see that a little red force field kind of brrr, goes overhead
as you ping, like fire rain doesn't touch Gilear anymore. You're like walking
under the Hangman's protection. Fabian sending the Hangman through was a very
smart move in this circumstance.

Riz: All right, well I guess Fabian can't get mad at us for riding the
Hangman.

Emily: All right, I hop on the Hangman. Actually, I got my skateboard. I kick
it on my skateboard.

Riz: Me and the Hangman go way back.

Hangman: Ball.

Riz: You can ride on the back of—

Emily: Yeah, that's true. I'm gonna take like a rope and tie it around the
Hangman so I can skateboard behind ya.

Riz: She's gonna do kind of a wakeboarding thing. So it's gonna be me and
Gilear on you if that—

(group laughing)

The Hangman growls and hisses, fire coming out of its eyes.

Hangman: My master would never, never!

Brennan: You see that Gilear says,

Gilear: Please don't make me walk, the rocks are so hot, and my boat shoes
have so many holes.

Riz: He's gonna talk about his boat shoes a lot if we don't ride you.

Brennan: You see that so Gilear and The Ball on the Hangman and he goes,

Hangman: An indignity I have never suffered before.

Riz: Huzzah!

(group laughing)

Emily: I light up a cigarette. I put my Compass library card behind my ear,
and I just ride it like a, I wakeboard on the back of it.

[dark ambient strings and chords fade in]

Brennan: You guys take off. You guys ride to the only kind of structure you
can see within sight. There is a small, very small structure. It's a massive
gatehouse. And by massive, I'm sorry, the smallest structure is large for a
gatehouse, but not as large as a full castle. Two little towers, spiked
wrought iron things, and an iron gate. And you see that the gate house is at
the middle of an enormous fucking pit. Just an open pit. Up above you, a
swirling, smoky orifice of fire swirls in the sky. And you see falling, a vast
torrent of screaming, wailing, mutilated souls. Bodies just falling out of the
red sky into this endless pit. And as you look over the edge you see that the
gatehouse, it's almost like a quarry road, like a spiral road that goes down
the outside of the pit. And you see doors just built into the craggy ledge
that circles forever and ever down. And you just see these souls falling into
this bottomless pit. You hear the screams of horror as they emerge, birthed
from this fiery womb of a sky, falling. You see that even as they fall in
panic, they grab each other and try to kill and slit each other's throats with
shards of their own bones, and beat each other to death with their fists,
trying to like crawl out of the way as they fall into endless darkness.

Fig: Hey Hangman, what do you think these guys did?

Hangman: Um, well it's hard to say, but depending on what they did, they'll
end up on various levels of the Nine Hells.

Fig: But these are bad people, right? What we're witnessing?

Hangman: Oh, murderers, thieves, liars.

Fig: The first one is way more severe than the latter two.

Riz: Liars?

Murph: Starts sweating.

(group laughing)

Hangman: Yes, the Nine Hells seek to punish the wicked. Their souls will be
rent asunder and punished, and eventually turned into Lemures, the foot
soldiers of Hell's armies. Wicked, wicked souls now come from on high.

Fig: Checks out.

Riz: Is this where they decide where everyone goes? Is that why the souls are
coming through here?

Brennan: You see he says,

Hangman: This is the domain of Gorthalax the Insatiable. As insatiable as he
is, the Bottomless Pit, his castle, his dwelling place is as insatiable as he.

Riz: [whispering] This is your dad's house.

Hangman: [casually] It's your dad's house, and your dad lives here.

Fig: Cool, I know the security code, so I punch it in.

Brennan: He for sure would have been like,

Gorthalax: If you're ever in hell for whatever reason, this here is the code
you would use.

Siobhan: It's six, six, seven.

(group laughing)

Ally: You already there?

Brennan: You come up and you see there's this little number pad and it says,

Gorthalax’s Keypad: [wizardy voice] Foolish would the mortal be to punch upon
me numbers three— oh shit!

Brennan: Beep, coo-coong, the doors open up. The Hangman goes,

Hangman: Great.

Brennan: And you guys, (making rushing noises) scoot in. As you come into
this, again like this spiral thing descending you see that your dad's house is
basically these series of giant devilish gates in this descending spiral ledge
going down.

Fig: Tasteful.

Brennan: And just souls falling forever and ever and ever. Gilear goes,

Gilear: [sighs] I am so sad and scared.

Brennan: He looks up at you, (dice clattering) and goes,

Fig: I'm here for you.

Gilear: I'm here for you as well, daughter. Nice library card. I see you're
wearing it behind your ear now. That's a new choice. Normally there's a Clove
back there.

Fig: Well, I smoked the last Clove, so, I needed something.

Gilear: Ha ha ha. Well, one of your best friends has a jacket that can produce
anything.

Fig: Well, one of my best friends is in another, don't probe any deeper.

Murph I grab Gilear's face, and I wanna investigate him. I wanna like look,
and do like an Insight check.

Riz: [aggressively] Where did you get this confidence?

Brennan: Give me a little insight check.

Murph: Dirty 20.

Brennan: Dirty 20, he goes,

Gilear: [loudly, panicked] Oh, I got confidence because Sandra Lynn asked to
sleep with me and I said no!

Riz: Whoa!

Fig: [nearly screaming] What, what?

Brennan: You see, he says,

Gilear: [stuttering] She gave me a massage. Jawbone and they broke up, Jawbone
and Sandra Lynn broke up.

Ally: We don't know anything.

Fig: Okay, first off.

Gilear: [quickly, alarmed] It's more complex. There's a lot more complexity to
all of it. It sounds really bad, but it's just complicated and adult. It's an
adult thing. You're very scary, you're very intense sometimes.

Riz hisses at Gilear, who screams.

Riz: I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry. We're in Hell, it's
weird. He said that thing about goblins before and made me feel kinda crazy.

Brennan: The Hangman goes,

Hangman: This I like.

Fig: Well take that confidence, well not the way that you just said that
because there was nothing confident about that, but take the idea of that
confidence into the courtroom.

Gilear: Listen, I said it all too fast and it came across in a very bad way. I
believe that your mother and Jawbone are on very good terms. She didn't tell
me all the information, but they are not currently together. But it's more
complex than that. I can't speak to any of it, but we—

Lou and Zac take deep, relieved breaths. Ally follows suit.

Gilear: It was not a bad thing. She was very kind to me our first night in
Arborly. We had a conversation in the van up until sunrise. You kids stayed up
all night partying, by the way, it's very irresponsible. But we had a
conversation until sunrise in the van, which was really wonderful, and we said
a lot of things, and found a lot of good things to say. And there was just a
moment at the very tail end, because we had been very tender, where your
mother made kind of a passing joke, and I said, 'No, thank you.' And it was
also very good after that happened, and everyone was happy and fine. But it
meant a lot to me to, fine, me, (crying) sorry, it just, you know. Though a
lot of healing, is painful. Life goes up and down, and round and round.

Fig: It honestly makes me really happy because for the longest time I've felt
guilty, like I actually am part of the reason that destroyed your life. So
seeing you start to come to terms with this is like great. Or like seeing you
get a victory, seeing you get the W in this situation makes me feel a huge
relief. So yes, keep turning her down.

Brennan: You see, Gilear looks at you and says,

Gilear: You felt guilt for the quality of my life?

Fig: I mean, how could I not? I'm a living embodiment of someone betraying
you.

Gilear: [relatively confidently] I'm going to turn my life around and I've
been failing you, and that's over now.

Brennan: And he continues to walk down the spiral. As he does, (making an
explosion noise) there's a blast of fire and you see Vraz the Mean appears and
goes,

Vraz: [yelling] Oh, are we all having a good time?

Riz hisses at her like a cat.

Vraz: [slamming her hands down] What the fuck was that?

Riz hisses again.

Vraz: You're gonna fuck with me? Give me another hiss. You little fuckin Ball,
you're a little bitch, I'm not scared of you!

Fig: Go on, hiss, hiss her!

Riz hisses a couple more times, but little ones.

Vraz: Ho, you wanna see a hiss?

Vraz rips her face open with both hands and makes a feral scream, shaking her
head violently.

Fig: His face was scarier.

Gorgug: [calmly, back at the shrine] I have to imagine that Hell is not as bad
as people say.

Adaine: Yeah, I mean Gorthalax is great.

Kristen: I bet there’s like, smores.

Adaine: I really love him.

Fabian: They have subpoenas. I mean, things must be organized.

Adaine: The Hangman is from Hell—

Gorgug: It's unfamiliar. It's unfamiliar to us. Is that bad? I don't think so.

Riz: [aggressively] Hold me back. Hangman, hold me back.

Fig: Meet Riz, my paralegal.

Vraz: [flatly] Oh, fuck, wow, congratulations, I'm so happy. Are you gonna sit
here, or are we gonna do the tribunal?

Fig: Okay, what's going on with you? Do you need a hug?

Vraz: I don't need a fucking hug! I'm Vraz the Mean. It's my title. I'm an
Erinyes, I run hell. My title is Archsecretary. I'm having a bad time.

Riz: [yelling] Yeah, well I’m Riz The Ball, and I'm just gonna roll with this!
We're here, we're here for your trial thing!

Lou: Go off, The Ball, go off.

Riz hisses again.

(group laughing)

Kristen: I don't know why I'm saying this,

Riz: Hold me back, hold me back.

Kristen and Fabian: but, go Ball, go Ball!

Brennan: You see that Gilear says,

Gilear: I'm holding, I'm holding, I'm holding you back, I'm holding you back.

Emily: I'm pushing you forward. [pretends to shove Riz]

(group laughing)

Fig: Get into it.

Brennan: Vraz the Mean walks you into a tribunal room where there is a small
little three seat bench, like a judges bench where she walks up. There is a
vaguely humanoid figure, hold on one sec, there is a vaguely humanoid figure
there that is just like a giant mound of chains. But you see that there's
clearly like chains coiled where arms would be and like torso and head, but
it's just way too many chains. So it's like there's someone under there, but
it's just a big pile of chains. And you can see it kind of moving with a lot
of strain. And then next to it, where the third seat would be, there's no one
at eye level. There's instead just a [points up] jet black iron spike and
about 10 feet up there is a naked person who has incredibly pale skin, is like
bone thin and just has pale translucent veins all over them, who's impaled on
the spike about 10 feet up looking at the spike coming out of their stomach
and just kind of kicking and screaming. Just ahh, ahh, ahh! Just screaming in
the background.

Fig: Tasteful.

Gorgug: [consideringly, and still not there] It can't be as bad as people say.

Kristen: No, I don't think so. Honestly I bet it's so, they're just in a
waiting room.

Adaine: I mean, heaven and hell are just reflections of each other, right?

Kristen: You know what, you know what? Whoa. You know what? Whoa.

Adaine: You were in Heaven and it was pretty nice.

Gorgug: Probably like a sauna, right?

Kristen: It actually kinda sucked.

Adaine: Oh, so yeah maybe Hell's good.

Kristen: Anyway, Tracker, I'm glad I'm here with you. (making kissing sounds)

(group laughing)

Brennan: You see Vraz the Mean calls the tribunal into order. She says,

Vraz: [seeming annoyed] Presiding hereby in the matter of Gorthalax's infernal
domain, the bottomless pit. Presiding: Vraz the Mean, Executor Potentate, Arch
Secretary of Blozo the Undiminished, Regnant of Sloth. With me in co-jurorship
are Kaistrana the Chained, and Lorzug the Impaled.

Brennan: You see that the guy Lorzug the Impaled just goes,

Lorzug: Aaaaaahhhhhh!

Fig: Oh!

Brennan: You hear underneath the chains Kaistrana the Chained go,

Kaistrana: [muffled] Present.

Brennan: You see that Vraz says,

Vraz: [sighs] Very well, today concerns the issue of Gorthalax's infernal
negligence in administering his domain. Nine notices have been sent, nine
fully ignored. We hereby call forth the witness Figueroth Faeth, firstborn
daughter of Gorthalax the Insatiable.

Emily: I do a, [hand gesture like you’d do at a concert] everyone applaud.

Brennan: She says,

Vraz: This is a [yelling] fucking hearing, you nitwit, there's no audience!

Emily: I light a cigarette and skateboard to the stand.

[Ally laughing]

Brennan: You guys all go forward. She goes,

Vraz: God, (growling maniacally) Okay. (sighing) Are you aware of an intention
on the behalf of your father, Gorthalax the Insatiable, to intentionally
neglect his dominion over the Bottomless Pit under the rulership of Blozo,
Regnant of Sloth?

Fig: That, I am not.

Emily: I need to Message Riz and say,

Fig: I think I'm just gonna tell them he's in a gem.

Riz: That's a good idea.

Fig: He's currently in a gem. It's not negligence, he has a lack of ability to
even be here, he's been trapped in a gem.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Vraz: [sighs] Huh, okay.

Brennan: You see that she looks over and says,

Vraz: Kaistrana, is that extenuating circumstance, anything you have to do?

Brennan: See Kaistrana goes,

Kaistrana: [muffled] Hold on, I'm gonna try to shrug. [grunting in exertion]

Brennan: Shoulders go up a little bit, come back down. You see that Vraz goes,

Vraz: [sighs] Okay, I'm going, we might need a ruling on this, because if he
was trapped by celestials or by demons or something, that's obviously gonna be
different.

Brennan: And you see she says,

Vraz: I'm gonna get on the horn with Blozo. [checks a phone-like thing] Blozo
is not coming. He said there's crazy traffic. Okay. Who trapped Gorthalax the
Insatiable in a gem?

Fig: The… [clears throat] Kalina. Kalina used a proxy to trap Gorthalax.
Kalina, AKA Shadow Cat, hijacked a body, and used it to trap

Riz: [whispering] Demons!

Fig: To trap, with the assistance of demons.

Brennan: Very cool. Vraz the Mean gets a plus 13 to her Insight check. I'm now
going to roll in the Box of Doom.

Siobhan: What does she need to get?

Brennan: This is gonna set a number for Fig to beat.

Siobhan: Okay, roll your thing. I'm not gonna--

Brennan: She rolled a natural 10.

Siobhan: Great, and Fig rolled a natural 20.

Brennan lets out a shocked breath.

(Emily screaming and clapping)

Ally: You had two good rolls?

Siobhan: I had one good roll.

Ally: Yes!

Siobhan: One mediocre roll.

Fig: Thank you Adaine, I knew you were my lawyer.

Brennan: You get a nat 20 Deception.

Emily: I put my feet up on the--

Zac: Is it a deception now?

Brennan: It is.

Zac: Oh, 'cause—

Emily: I mean I said it, it's true she used a proxy.

Ally: Insight, and then she had to beat it with Deception.

Brennan: It is, I'm gonna say it's Deception because you're not saying it was
you, right?

Emily: Okay, cool, cool.

Siobhan: Oh right, it was technically you.

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: No no no. [winks]

(group laughing)

Brennan: Cool. You see that Vraz looks around and days,

Vraz: [sighs, facepalms] Okay, that's extenuating circumstances. ...Kalina.

Fig: She's in cahoots with the demons.

Vraz: All right. Well, in that case Gorthalax will be able to avoid
punishment, but the Nine Hells are not responsible to keep his realm intact
indefinitely. And if he's been taken by allies of the Tanar’ri of the Abyss,
then we have to seek another Regnant for the Bottomless Pit. This tribunal is
called to recess while bylaws are consulted. [bangs the gavel]

Brennan: Blam, blam.

Fig: I need passage for some people, and we need to get to Silvaire.

Vraz: [staring intensely] Oh, because the trial's over when I call a recess?
Recess means the whole tribunal's over?

Fig: I thought we were—

Vraz: [yelling mockingly, pointing to her temple] Do you know what words mean?
Do you know what words mean?

Fig: I didn't,

Zac: Oh my god.

Fig: Okay, first off,

Vraz: [screaming over Fig, making a jerkoff motion] Huhhhh?

Riz: [hisses angrily] You called somebody in the middle of a trial, that was
weird!

Vraz screams maniacally at Riz again. He returns the favor.

Riz: Hold me back, Hangman. Hold me back, hold me back.

Brennan: Hangman just like runs over your foot.

(group laughing)

Gorgug: I bet it's like five degrees hotter there.

Kristen: Max.

Adaine: It’s nice, it's like a dry heat.

Kristen: They're gonna give pina coladas.

Brennan: You see Vraz looks over, and says,

Vraz: [sighs] All right, imprison the mortals.

Brennan: You see that the Hangman speaks up—

Fig: We can work with a prison.

Brennan: And you see that the Hangman speaks up and says,

Hangman: With your leave, Archsecretary, we have been given passage to the
Bottomless Pit as Figueroth Faeth is daughter of Gorthalax the Insatiable.

Brennan: You hear Kaistrana go,

Kaistrana: [muffled] Do you have any proof?

Brennan: And the Hangman says—

Fig: I'll just like—

Fig cuts her hand, allowing blood to drip from the wound.

Fig: —take some blood. That's Gorthalax's blood.

Brennan: [sizzling sound effect] You see the blood comes out of you, touches
the ground, it hits the ground, sizzles, and turns into a blood red imp, like
a little scorpion-tailed imp who goes,

Imp: [shrieking, high-pitched voice] Ah, Mistress!

Fig: [delightedly] Hi, cutie!

Imp: Aha! Yes?

Players laugh.

Ally: [shrieking] What!?

Lou: [imitating Emily] Hi, cutie!

Emily: I'm gonna tickle him behind the ears.

Imp: [delightedly] AHHHH!

Emily: Is he taller than The Ball?

Brennan: [holding his hands about one foot apart] He is that big. He is way
smaller than Riz.

Zac: Way bigger than a drop of blood.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Imp: I am Wretchrot, I shall be your valet while you are here in the
Bottomless Pit!

Fig: Is this proof enough to the tribunal?

Vraz: [annoyed] You're all under house arrest. Don't leave the Bottomless Pit
until we figure this out.

Brennan: Click click, and you see that she vanishes.

Players chuckle nervously.

Riz: [sarcastically] Thanks for the help, Gilear.

Gilear: I got so scared in the middle. I got really scared in the middle of
that.

Riz: That obviously went fine. It was a trial in hell. [brightly] We're not
dead.

Fig: Yeah, we're not dead. Thanks to Adaine, I feel. Huh. [confused
expression]

Brennan: Honestly, Adaine, you actually did like send like a portent, a string
of fate after Fig as the door closed.

Fig: Still thinking about Adaine, huh.

Ally: I'm picturing that imp looking like a really like, famous mouse. I can't
say the name of it, but imagine a tiny, it's in like, a little, like,
suspenders.

Group laughs.

Ally: [imitating Emily] Hi, cutie.

Emily: I picture it looking like a red Boggy.

Ally: [delightedly] Ohhh!

Siobhan: Little, fat, but like really long legs.

Emily: [laughing] Yeah.

Ally: Stop, that's so cute.

Brennan: Wretchrot says,

Wretchrot: Would you like to be shown to your quarters?

Fig: Yeah, also, do you know how to get around here?

Wretchrot: Yes, many doors there are in the Bottomless Pit, and I would be
happy to show you each and every one.

Fig: Yeah, we wanna see the door to Arborly.

Wretchrot: I don't know if we have that door, but we can look.

Riz: You have more like doors to the different levels of Hell?

Wretchrot: Let me be super clear. The doors just go to rooms.

Riz: Oh, just like, oh, okay.

Wretchrot: The doors go to rooms in the Pit.

Fig: Okay.

Wretchrot: Some hallways—

Players laugh.

Fig: Is there a hot tub here?

Wretchrot: Yes!

Ally: A door goes to Kalina! Like right where she is no matter what.

Wretchrot: You're not even here!

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see—

Riz: I guess we could just go to a regular room.

Brennan: Wretchrot will show you around. We're gonna cut back to Arborly,
after the fucking door closes.

Adaine: That was bad, that was bad.

Zac: Gorgug just runs into the briars.

[soft piano music]

Fabian: Gorgug, stop. It's not gonna work.

Gorgug: Hey Fabian.

Fabian: Yes?

Gorgug: I'm sorry, I just realized, do you know where your dad is in Hell?

Fabian: Somewhere, but I don't worry about my father. I mean, he's sailing,
you know, he cut open what's his name, Goldenhoard, and he's probably sailing
around, you know, running schemes. I mean, he's probably having a great time.
I miss him, don't get me wrong. But he's thriving.

Gorgug: What do we do?

Adaine: Well, we can't do anything here. None of us has Plane Shift.

Fabian: We can do something.

Adaine: Why don't we go—

Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check on the mural?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Arcana check.

Ally: Ooh, great call.

Siobhan: Uh, 26.

Ally: [Looking at Siobhan’s die] It's so small!

Zac: They're little tiny dice.

Brennan: 26?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Oh, it's incredible. You see the cottage, the coin, a couple of
things there. What are you—?

Siobhan: Are there distinguishing features on this coin?

Zac: The coin?

Siobhan: Yes. It's all of the stuff in the--

Brennan: Sorry, you don't see a coin here, it's the spellbook.

Siobhan: Oh, the spellbook. Is there a mark on the spellbook that is like, a
distinguishing mark?

Brennan: With a 26 Arcana, yes there is.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You see a little occult rune there. And that occult rune, you are
able to memorize. Give me another, give me another Arcana check, if you'd be
so kind.

Kristen: You're doing great. Hey, I would love to help.

Ally looks pointedly at Brennan.

Players chuckle.

Brennan: Help action, cool, go for it.

Siobhan: Great. [looking and gesturing at Ally] Yeah, because this is

our two skills together, Arcana and Religion. Oh, that's two 18s. Another 26.

Brennan: Cool. You recognize the symbol, it's in your notes somewhere.

Siobhan: Oh, no. [starts flipping through her notes]

Brennan: Not your notes physically, but like in Adaine's stuff.

Siobhan: Oh, okay great.

Emily: Do you have Stone Shape or anything? To like reach in?

Siobhan: No, I don't. I have Erupting Earth, but I don't think that would be
useful.

Adaine: Why don't we go, we could go look at the place that Sandra Lynn found.

Fabian: Oh.

Brennan: Cool.

Fabian: Sure.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: Is Fig okay? Are you able to—?

Fabian: Yeah, Hangman?

Hangman: Sire.

Fabian: Is everyone all right?

Hangman: Yeah, we're going to a hot tub.

Fabian: Oh!

Fig: Only me, only me.

Adaine: Sounds really nice.

Hangman: I want to go too!

Gorgug: That sucks, we should be in hell.

Adaine: Man, we have three hot tubs. Well two, one of them is shrimp defiled.

Gorgug: I like a really hot hot tub. I bet they crisp ya there.

Fabian: I like a warm hot tub.

Group laughs in surprise.

Fabian: [defensively] It's rough on my skin!

Adaine: Well warm is nice because you can stay in there for longer.

Fabian: Yes, exactly.

Adaine: You want it to be hot at first but--

Gorgug: If it's just warm I'm like, what's cookin' in here, you know?

Group laughs.

Adaine: You want it to be disinfectingly hot?

Brennan: Cool, Sandra Lynn brings you to the spot where they went through the
wall. Anyone who wants to here, give me a Nature check.

Lou: I would love to.

Ally: Yeah, me too.

Emily: I mean, can I do, can I do any kind of investigation around the house?

Brennan: Can you kinda what?

Emily: Any kind of investigation around the house, or is this like totally a

dead end and—

Brennan: You can do that. I'm gonna finish with the people that are in
Arborly, and then we'll cut back to Hell.

Zac: Could I make a Survival check?

Brennan: Yeah, actually Survival's great too.

Lou: 19.

Brennan: 19.

Zac: 9.

Siobhan: A 14.

Brennan: 14.

Ally: With Survival, that's a 21.

Lou: Dammit.

Brennan: Go ahead, if you would be so kind, and give me a, sorry, one second,
give me a roll for Tracker as well, if you would be so kind.

Ally: Sure.

Murph hands Ally one of his dice.

Siobhan: [watching Ally roll the die] Lil’ bean.

Lou: Goddamn bean.

Ally: Oh, interesting.

Emily: [grinning] Tracker's lil’ beans?

Ally: So I don't know what you add to it, but Tracker rolled a

five on the lil’ beans.

Lou: Five on the lil’ beans!

Brennan: But you got a what again, sorry?

Ally: 21.

Brennan: Oh, you got a 21, okay. You're looking at it from here; this is
farther away from Arborly by a good distance. As you look, the growth of the
briar wall here seems a lot more tangled, if anything. On a 21 Nature check,
you also see that the geography here changes. This is actually up a cliff. You
know that the terrain moving in the dir— if they are indeed going to the
temple where you think they are going to, the terrain would be a lot rockier.
The topo—

Ally: Going this way.

Brennan: Yeah, going from where they went. It looks like they were trying to
avoid Arborly or avoid entering in a sensible place where people would go look
for them. They wanted to be somewhere way off. But, you think it will probably
slow them down, to be going the way they're going.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Yeah, that's great news. That's great news. Can I start Messaging?

Kristen: Do you guys, should we, while we're waiting for them hopefully to
come back, should we start doing some of this like, prepping or...

Adaine: For the tincture? Yes, but we should do it in the Hallow, because if
we start doing it Kalina will be able to see through your eyes that you're
doing that.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah. Right, right,yeah. I mean—

Gorgug: We got all the stuff.

Adaine: Or we could do… drugs.

Adaine covers her mouth with her hands dramatically.

Fabian: Oh, we could get high.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: What are you guys messaging about right now?

Kristen: Well, just spring break.

Adaine: Spring break.

Gorgug: The idea of spring break.

Adaine: Conceptually.

Kristen: You know what we think we should get you? [points at Sandra Lynn] A
massage. We think we should send you to the hot tub.

Adaine: Good idea.

Kristen: And have someone massage you. Spa day. Cucumbers over your eyes.

Fabian: They definitely have that here somewhere.

Gorgug: Cucumbers on your ears.

Fabian: Those weird gnomes will probably pound on you or something.

Kristen: Dinky gnomes all over your body.

Adaine: They walk on your back.

Fabian: Yeah, the little bells jingle. It's very meditative.

Sandra Lynn: I'm gonna go to one of the hot tubs at Holly Hill, let's get out
of here.

Kristen: Okay yeah, let's get back there. I have a lot of homework to do in
the van.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: What kind of homework?

Players chuckle.

Adaine: We gotta write an essay on what spring break means to us.

Brennan: You guys head back to the van. You start doing stuff for the
tinctures. Fabian, you hear a little thing from the Hangman saying,

Hangman: Oh, Sire?

Fabian: Uh, yes?

Hangman: I am so sorry I failed you—

Fabian: No, no.

Hangman: —and Adaine today.

Fabian: No, you didn't. I mean, we had no idea that the briar would react in
the way that it did. And honestly I should have been more, you know, light on
my feet--

Hangman: Do you wish for me to attempt to send word to your father?

Fabian: Oh. You know I was thinking about that. I mean, if it's convenient. I
mean, I'm sure he's busy doing things. You know, I'm kinda doing my own thing
right now. I mean, would I love to talk to him? Of course, he's my papa.
[shrugging a lot] Um, yeah, just like, but like don't be needy about it, you
know. If it can happen, it can happen, but it doesn't need to happen, you
know. I don't need this, it wouldn't like, fill me with joy. It would just, I
guess, okay it would fill me with joy. Yes, yes, yes.

Emily laughs.

Fabian: Yes please, please do it.

Hangman: I shall accomplish this task, Sire.

Brennan: Anyone else? [points at Ally] You've got work to do. Tracker's
helping you.

Ally: Great, I was thinking,

Kristen: Maybe if it's not crazy, you guys can go through your coins?

Siobhan: Yeah, can I—

Kristen: I don't know if that's a tedious task, or if it's something we can do
on the road.

Adaine: I mean, we don't have all of our money with us.

Lou laughs.

Adaine: I mean, we each have ten thousand coins,

Zac: If this is Message—

Siobhan: But we're in the Hallow.

Zac: Okay.

Gorgug: I think that they are, my guess is that from what I understood about
that scenario was that we should look for sure, but I thought that maybe they
already grabbed it.

Siobhan: Can I look up in these notes what this rune means?

Brennan: You start to look up what the rune means. As you do, you recognize
that you saw, it was in your notes because there was something you were
copying when you were doing the Sending spell. This rune was in a lot of stuff
at Compass Points, like Ayda had studied this. You don't remember what it is
but you know that Ayda would know what it is.

Siobhan: Okay,

Adaine: I don't have sending right now, but as soon as we take a long rest, I
can get it and then I can contact Ayda.

Gorgug: Should I go check in on my phone and see if it's ready, my crystal?

Fabian: I mean, has it been— Didn't they say it would take like a day or two?

Gorgug: Yeah, nevermind.

Brennan: They did say they were doing that without your help though.

Gorgug: Okay, well since I'm stuck here maybe I'll go help 'em.

Fabian: Yeah, go ahead.

Kristen: Cool. Do you want [extending a hand as if presenting something] to
sniff this before you go?

Gorgug: What is it?

Fabian: Is that the stuff? Is that the dusk moss?

Kristen: It might be dusk moss.

Gorgug: I don't think I could do it.

Ally raises their eyebrows.

Brennan: You see Ragh comes in, shirtless. He looks like he’s sweat about,
like, ten gallons of water out of his body. He goes,

Ragh: I'm really, [breathes] I'm really thirsty.

Fabian: Are you still tripping?

Ragh: I think I'm okay.

Kristen: Here, let’s--

Ally: I get him some water.

Ragh: Everything in the world is connected. Everything.

Fabian: Yeah.

Adaine: See these drugs, I think I could do. The dragon spice stuff, very bad
anxiety-wise. This stuff I think would help.

Kristen: This seems sweet.

Ragh: Adaine, for real? I can never be anxious again, because I don't even
know if I can ever be fully in my body again.

Kristen: Hmm.

Fabian: That sounds scary.

Ragh: No, no, I'm part of the universe, dude.

Fabian: Oh...

Kristen: Here's some water, man.

Brennan mimes drinking from a glass of water.

Ragh: [immediately] I gotta go to sleep.

Brennan: And he walks off.

Ally: What!?

Brennan and players laugh.

Fabian: I don't know if I'm, I just, I think I'm—

Gorgug: I just kinda would feel bad if we did it without the others.

Players simultaneously voice their agreement.

Kristen: I gotta focus, I gotta focus on the tincture, yeah, totally.

Adaine: I might, I mean, it only takes me four hours to trance.

Zac: Gorgug sprints to the gnomes. [laughing]

Adaine: I might as well start. If the guys come back before four hours is up,
that's fine, I've had a short rest. If not, I've had a long rest, and I can
get Sending.

Ally: Great.

Brennan: You start doing your long rest to get that sending. Gorgug, you go
back to the Tinkerer's Hall. Go ahead, if you would be so kind, as you
approach they excitedly,

Crumpkin: Ah! Well it’s Gorgug Thistlespring!

Gorgug: I'm back.

Lou: [laughing, echoing Zac] “I'm back!”

Gorgug: Crumpkin!

Brennan: So you just start working with them that night on boosting your cell
phone up. It is very helpful that you're here, just because they don't know
how a fucking crystal works.

Gorgug: [laughing] It's crazy that I let you guys do this.

Tinkerers: We like figuring it out!

Gorgug: Yeah!

Players laugh.

Gorgug: It's probably so much easier that I--

Brennan: I'd like you to give me a Tinkerer's check. I'm looking, we, a
miracle can happen on a DC20. On a DC15, on a DC15, and we'll do Box of Doom.

Brennan produces the Box of Doom.

Brennan: On a DC 20, a miracle can happen. DC15 means progress gets made.

Lou: Hiyah!

Brennan: And they're rolling with advantage.

Zac: What is that, 10?

Brennan: That's 10.

Zac: Okay, I'm rolling with advantage?

Brennan: Yes, you're rolling with advantage.

Zac: So that's 15.

Brennan: That's 15, so progress.

Zac has to stand up and physically toss his die to get it into the Box.

Brennan: That's a nat 20.

Players cheer and chatter ensues.

Siobhan: We bring Zelda here! She loves you and she'll never leave.

Zac: Ohhh, yes.

Ally: Wow.

Siobhan: Wow.

Brennan: There are, there are some poetic, poetic fucking rolls today. [to
Zac] You are up all night sweating. You got like, probably one of the first
times you've taken your hoodie off in a long time. You're like, just hot.
You're like working with [making zapping sounds]. You get a new crystal pack
on the back of this phone, and you have a crystal that can directly interface
with your parents' satellite.

Gorgug: Holy shit.

Zac mimes pressing a button.

Zac: Power it on.

Brennan makes an electronic beep.

Zac: I see if I got like any old messages coming through.

Brennan: Brrring, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding; I mean tons. Some from Zelda,
not any recent from Zelda. But just tons have come through. Parents checking
in. So many email forwards from your folks, and pictures of stuff. A lot of
like, tour date stuff for Fig and the Cig Figs.

Emily: Cool, yeah.

Zac: Great, awesome. Awesome, awesome. I will give Zelda a call.

[gentle flute music]

Brennan: Hoo boy. I'm gonna do, we're gonna do another Box of Doom roll.

Zac groans.

Emily: I'm sorry, that's not a good relationship. If you're having to roll
this many Box of Dooms for your relationship? Scary.

Brennan: We're gonna do another Box of Doom roll right now. You have
advantage. This is going to be a flat Charisma check. It's gonna be a flat
Charisma check, we need Box of Doom, you have advantage.

Brennan produces the Box of Doom.

Zac: Okay.

Murph offers his dice to Zac.

Zac: I don't want—

Group laughs.

Lou: Don’t use the lil’ beans!

Emily: Lil’ beans!

Lou: Hiyah.

Brennan: 18.

Lou: Hiyah.

Brennan: 8. Cool.

Zac: 18, and I add my Charisma which is zero. And then creatures have a
disadvantage on Charisma based checks against me. If that matters.

Brennan: No, that's not gonna matter here, necessarily.

Emily: 18's good.

Zac: Yeah.

Emily: That's good, that's charismatic.

Zac: I'm feeling good. I made it work. I'm a genius.

Brennan: Cool. You come back, hold on one second. Hold on. You come back, and
you— hold on one second. You give a little call. I know the song I'm looking
for.

[somber music plays]

Emily: Oh no.

Zac: It’s not a great one to hear.

Brennan: Give a little call, are you doing video call or just a voice call?

Zac: Oh, I didn't realize video call was an option. Yeah, I'll do video call.

Brennan: [phone ringing] Bee dee dee dee deep. Bee dee dee dee deep.

Zac: I'll put my hoodie back on.

Brennan: Bee dee dee dee deep. Bee dee dee dee deep.

Ally: Aww, Gorgug, I love you.

Brennan: Bee dee dee dee deep. Bee dee dee dee deep. Bee dee dee dee deep. Bee
dee dee dee deep.

Zac pretends to adjust his hair, check his breath, wipe sweat from his brow,
etc.

Brennan: Bluh bluh blink. First thing you see is a house in Elmville, it's
night there as well. There's like a party going on. You see Zelda has little
earbuds in. She's walking out, and she goes, looking at this phone,

Zelda: [surprised and confused] Gorgug?

Gorgug: Hey, Zelda! Hey! Can you hear me?

Zelda: Yeah, are you back in Spyre?

Gorgug: [while shaking his head] I'm not. I'm still stuck outside of the
forest of the Nightmare King, but I figured out how to make my phone work. I
got, my crystals working now.

Zelda: [perplexed] Wait, you made your? Why did you— was that part of the
quest?

Gorgug: Not part of the quest. Part of a personal quest if you will.

Emily laughs.

Gorgug: Yeah, it just felt important to be able to talk to you and talk to the
world, and talk to you.

Brennan: You see, she goes,

Zelda: Well how did it work? Do they have cell towers and stuff out there? You
got to service or something?

Gorgug: No, so I figured out how to kind of artifice stuff while we were gone.
I've been working on that pretty much the whole time, pretty much. And yeah, I
figured it out. And I met these gnomes. [holds phone up] Hey guys, [to Zelda]
these are the dudes I've been working with.

Crumpkin: Hello!

Gorgug: This is Crumpkin.

Crumpkin: I'm Crumpkin Springbill, the Head Artificer of the

Tinkerer's Hall of Arborly!

Gorgug: Awesome, yes.

Lou and Emily laugh.

Gorgug: All right, so,so these guys have been helping me out,and we figured
out how to use my parents' satellite. It's complicated. Honestly, I don't know
that I understand it well enough to explain it to another person.

Brennan: You see that Zelda nods, and one of her eyes is covered with her
hair, but the other eye wells up with tears and some tears come down. And she
says,

[gentle acoustic music ramps up and adds a drumbeat]

Zelda: You like took, so like the reason that you like went to get your phone,
you did like a whole bunch of new science to like make your phone be able to
call back?

Gorgug: Yeah, I mean, yeah. How are you? What's going on? What did I miss?

Zelda: [wiping away tears] I'm really sorry, I'm so sorry I got so upset.
You're the best, Gorgug, I really miss you so much.

Gorgug: Hey, I miss you too. I feel like, um, god it's been a long spring
break, right?

Zelda: [crying a little] I can't believe—

Brennan: You see she looks up and she goes,

Zelda: [making shooing motions at someone beside her] Stop, go away, go away,
go away!

Brennan: And you see that she looks up, you hear a bunch of the seven maidens
call out and say,

Maidens: Good lookin' out, Gorgug, stand-up thing to do. You did it.

Gorgug: Hi guys! Hey guys, how’s it going?

Brennan: And she says,

Zelda: I'm so embarrassed. My friends, I, I told my adventuring party that you
were calling and they followed me outside—

Gorgug: They followed you?

Zac: I'm so fucking embarrassed, it's so stupid.

Gorgug: Well hello, guys.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see, she's like,

Zelda: [motioning frantically at the other Maidens] Go, get the fuck out of
here, I'm talking to my boyfriend.

Brennan: And you see she says,

Zelda: Oh, I'm so sorry, look, I just... Your friends aren't, like, in danger?
You're not like fucking stuff by like building--

Gorgug: We're pretty fucked right now.

Players laugh.

Brennan: She says,

Zelda: [alarmed expression] Because you went and did the phone? I'm so stupid.
You don't have to do that.

Gorgug: No, no, no! It's separate. It's just an also, it's not like, because
of this.

Zelda: You're not putting anyone in danger by doing this phone stuff?

Gorgug: No, no, no, this is actually like a good bit of downtime for me. And
I'm also, what's great about this is, I can help what we're actually working
on right now with this, [gestures to phone] so it's like, you know, sometimes
things are good in more than one way.

Brennan: She looks and says,

Zelda: [shyly] Um, I love, I love you.

Gorgug: [awkwardly] I um, I love you—

Players giggle and cover their faces with their hands.

Zelda: You don't, you don't have to say it back.

Gorgug: No, no, no, I—

Zelda: [while covering her face] God it's so stupid, I jumped the gun,

Gorgug: No, no I—

Zelda: I'm sorry. I've just been really, the Red Waste was super hard. We did
the, we did our—

Gorgug: Really?

Zelda: Yeah, we did it. I think we're gonna get a good grade on it.

Gorgug: Awesome.

Zelda: Um…

Gorgug: Yeah, well...

Zelda: I didn't mean to say I love you on the phone.

Gorgug: No, no, no! I, uh… I love you too. I love you too.

Players smiling and giggling.

Brennan: You see that she wipes another tear away.

Zac: Oh, I just wanna, I just wish you were here in person.

Gorgug: Yeah, me too. I haven't figured out that technology out yet to make me
there.

Zelda: [wiping away tears] You don't have to do that.

Gorgug: We'll work on it.

Brennan: She smiles, she looks back and says,

Zelda: Um, we're at another party at Ostentatia’s.

Gorgug: Oh yeah, for sure.

Zelda: It's super, everyone's telling the story of how you jumped that fire
elemental and like backyard wrestling smashed the beer pong table when time
was stopped.

Gorgug: Fully forgot about that. That was, uh—

Zelda: So fucking cool.

Gorgug: That was awesome.

Zelda: You're really fucking cool, Gorgug.

Gorgug: Hey, you're cool. I mean, I want to hear more about the Red Waste, but
now that I got the phone working I also feel like I should probably get back
to the group and, you know—

Zelda: Do it!

Gorgug: Handle some business. We can talk sooner than later.

Zelda: You have a full quest. Honestly, just whenever you have downtime, if
you want to shoot me a text, and I'll try to shoot you stuff too.

Gorgug: Awesome. I just have to say this, just in case it doesn't work: We'll
probably go into the forest of the Nightmare King pretty soon, so I don't know
if the service thing will hold up there. It's worth mentioning, just in case.
I'm here to communicate!

Players laugh.

Brennan: She smiles and shakes her head and she's like,

Zelda: You're really great. I'm sorry I was freaked out. I only was freaked
out because I really, really care about you. And this means a lot to me.

Gorgug: Means a lot to me too. And well, I hope; I'll talk to you tomorrow, I
guess, and we'll just keep chatting and I'll see you when I get back.

Zelda: I'll chat with you tomorrow, Gorgug. Go knock ‘em dead.

Gorgug: Awesome, uh, [quickly] love you too.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Bloop bip, your phone. The gnomish Tinkerer's Hall erupts into just
like, incredible, just like,

Tinkerers: Hooray! It worked, it worked, incredible!

Gorgug: It works! She said she loves me!

Zac and Emily laugh.

Brennan: They pop a bunch of champagne bottles that are filled with this
bright pink fizz that smells just like reeking sweet strawberry.

Gorgug: Wow.

Brennan: Just like,

Tinkerers: Let's have some gnome wine!

Gorgug: I’ll down a little of that gnome wine!

Players laughing and cooing.

Brennan: Incredible.

Zac: Awesome. Do I know Ayda's phone number? I run back to the—

Brennan: Ayda doesn't have a phone, she's, she’s from a pirate city!

Zac: Of course.

Brennan: But you are, you know, you, Zelda—

Zac: I'll do a little gnome wine.

Brennan: Your gnome does start getting messages; not texts, because I don't
know that they would have your number, but on social stuff you start getting a
bunch of DMs from the other Seven Maidens being like, "Way to go, big guy."
Like, a bunch of like— You get back to the van. Adaine, you awake, or not
awake, you come out of trance in the middle of the night because you gotta
jump on it. You have that Sending spell.

Siobhan: Yes, let me just roll my Div rolls. Very interesting. [writing it
down] Yes, I am going to Sending to Ayda Aguefort; I should have been working
this out while other people were talking.

Adaine: Avast ye scurvy devil,

Siobhan: Because that doesn't count for anything.

Adaine: How is Plane Shift going? Also, need info on rune that looks like—

Siobhan: And then I describe what the rune looks like?

Brennan: You get a response back immediately from Ayda that says,

Ayda: I'm not a scurvy devil, let's use the synod.

Brennan: And then the last thing she says is,

Ayda: Right jacket pocket.

Siobhan: [hesitantly] I put my hand in my right jacket pocket?

Brennan: Put it in your right jacket pocket. A key, made of glowing blue
crystalline energy emerges into your hand. And as it does, you see that just a
nearby keyhole on a door starts to glow slightly blue.

Siobhan: Oh, I go through the door.

[gentle piano music]

Brennan: You step into an endless starry void. Clear glass with a little
shimmer of luminescence leads up to a massive like, two hundred-foot wide
carved disc of glass hanging in space. Tall crystal menhirs and dolmens, like,
carved standing stones that are— None of it is like craggy or crystalline in
that kind of naturally forming way. All looks very intentional, shaped perfect
glass and crystal with this clear and just the slightest tinge of blue
luminescence to it. With a bunch of staircases that just lead away, and the
staircases just abruptly end. Your staircase leaves this like sort of
crackling blue door. Another door opens on one of the ends of the staircases
and you see that Ayda walks through.

Adaine: What is this place? This is amazing.

Ayda: This is the Synod of Spyre.

Brennan: She's pronouncing it, so synod is how it's pronounced, but it's S-Y-
N-O-D.

Siobhan: Yes, so it's a church thing.

Brennan: It looks like it might just in this sense mean like, a forum or
council.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: Syn from like synthesis and just meaning “together”, right? She hands
you a scroll that has a new first level spell on it for you to copy into your
spell book.

Adaine: Oh, thank you. What is this?

Ayda: This is a wizard's spell to grant access to the synod. It's basically if
you need a meeting space for other wizards. It's extremely useful. It's very
interesting that you reached out to me. I was almost about to reach out to
you, actually, because I need some of your oracular abilities and help as
well. But you have a rune issue that you'd like to talk to me about?

Adaine: Yes. We found,

Siobhan: I guess I probably drew a picture of the rune.

Adaine: This rune on a book, and I remembered seeing it in the Compass Points
Library, but I don't remember what it meant.

Brennan: You see she looks at it and says,

Ayda: Fascinating. That rune is Abjurative magic, not protective. Abjuration’s
split into two primary functions of the school, as you are well aware, which
is protective magic: wards and shields, and also metamagic: magic that
interacts with and shapes the nature of magic itself.

Adaine: Yes, I knew that, but thank you for re-explaining, because it's always
good to re-do.

Ayda: It's always good to know. And I know that you know. [worried expression]
Have I offended you?

Adaine: I love talking about magic.

Ayda: Have I offended you, or have I said something, are you mad at me?

Adaine: I think you're great.

Ayda: [pointing] You're my best friend.

Adaine: You're my best friend. Where did you go the other night?

Ayda: [monotone] I am in trouble, I need help.

Adaine: Oh dear.

Ayda: Do I… Let us resolve the issue of the rune while I am untroubled
emotionally, and then I will divulge the rest. This rune is an Abjurative
rune, that involves... Abjuration magic, specifically curses. Judging by this
rune,

Brennan: And you in your books have seen this thing like, in some of the

notes that your mom had, The coin that was given by the Nightmare King

to Kalvaxus had this rune on it that was also on the spell book of the goddess
in the temple.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: She says,

Ayda: This is a way to mask powerful curses and spells. You can take a
tremendous amount of spellcraft, and in fact the ability to cast multiple
spells, put it into a curse, and have that curse ride other curses. Basically
use another curse to—

Adaine: Oh, hide underneath the curse.

Ayda: Exactly. And the larger and more sort of, permeable a curse is, the more
that curse would be able to ride under the other one.

Adaine: Strange.

Ayda: What are you thinking of in this moment?

Adaine: Well, I just know that Gorthalax was in a gem that had a curse
underneath the curse. But that might be a coincidence. I mean, curses are ten
a penny.

Ayda: Yes.

Adaine: So I don't know. Is this just a strange coincidence?

Ayda laughs in a screeching, bird-like manner.

Ayda: Ten a penny, that's, yes. It's a metaphor.

Adaine: Yes. It means common—

Ayda: No, no, I know—

Adaine: Curses are common.

Ayda: I put it together in my head, but it took me a moment, and then I didn't
laugh right away.

Adaine: Yes, it’s funny.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Ayda: Interesting. So I would say that if this is connected to a magical
object that you're aware of, that object would have been a curse that was a
vessel for a wealth of other spell casting riding under the surface of a
larger curse.

Adaine: Right. Weird.

Ayda: Weird. Not normal.

Adaine: No.

Brennan: You see that she looks at you and says—

Adaine: Clever.

Ayda: Very clever.

Adaine: So, if somebody were to look at it they would think that it was one
curse. But actually, it's sort of like a zip drive.

Ayda: A what?

Adaine: It's uh, um...

Ally and Zac chuckle as Siobhan briefly fumbles for words.

Adaine: It's like a bag of holding for curses.

Ayda: Absolutely, yes, a bag of holding for curses is exactly right. It would
work best under a very large, static curse. The more volatile a curse is, if
there was a curse that for example could be ended easily, or that had spell
effects happening regularly, the volatility of that curse would make it not an
ideal candidate for hiding behind. You would want the larger dummy curse, you
would want it to be something ambient, passive, not from necessarily like a
firsthand spell caster. The kind of curse that's created more by magical
landscapes or creatures than by a spell caster.

Adaine: Oh, like the wall around the forest of the Nightmare King, maybe?

Ayda: Potentially.

Brennan: You see she says,

Ayda: A fascinating arcane riddle. Thank you so much for bringing it.

Adaine: You’re welcome. How is your research going?

Ayda: I'm working as fast as I can on Plane Shift to get it done as fast as
possible.

Adaine: Great, because [slowly] Riz and Fig and the Hangman and Gilear did get
sort of sucked into Hell, which is fine, I think. It's just a little—

Ayda: [abruptly] What?

Adaine: It's fine.

Ayda: It doesn't sound fine.

Adaine: No, no, no, because—

Ayda: It sounds very upsetting.

Adaine: Fig’s dad is from Hell, so it's fine.

Ayda: It sounds very upsetting.

Adaine: No, no, no. We have discussed it, and we're pretty sure that hell is
just a reflection of heaven, and so both of them are not nearly as good or
bad—

Ayda: We have to go to Hell to rescue Fig.

Adaine: No, no, no, she's fine.

Ayda: Yes, we do.

Adaine: She's from Hell.

Ayda: Yes, we do. She's not from Hell, she's from Spyre.

Adaine: I mean, are you sure?

Ayda: Am I sure that..?

Adaine: That we have to go? What information do you have?

Ayda: Well, we should just do whatever we can to make it happen as fast as
possible because I'm going to get another kiss, whatever happens.

Adaine: What?

Ayda: What?

Players laugh. Emily covers her face with her hands.

Adaine: [stunned] Whaaat?

Ayda: Is it normal for friends to know if their friends have kissed other
people that they also know?

Adaine: Yes, tell me everything about it!

Ayda: Great, we went away for an hour from the party.

Adaine: [disbelievingly] An hour? You were kissing for an hour?

Ayda: You're elongating your sentences and pitching up so high that it makes
me feel like I'm not supposed—

Adaine: I support this. I am happy about it. I am amazed. Ooh, she's
secretive.

Emily laughs.

Ayda: [hesitantly] It's good that you know this, right?

Adaine: Yes, it's very good that I know this.

Brennan: You see she says,

Ayda: Wonderful. Her lips are the softest things I've ever felt.

Adaine: [shaking her head] Mm-mm, mm-mm.

Ayda: That's not good?

Adaine: Well no, I'm glad that you, I don't need to know details—

Ayda: What's critical information?

Adaine: —about my friends kissing. You're right, I did—

Ayda: If you kiss someone—

Adaine: I did tell you to tell me everything, and then you did, and I actually
didn't need to know everything. Um. Wow.

Ayda: I have some questions for you as Oracle.

Adaine: Yes, okay.

Ayda: In how many potential futures does Fig not want to kiss me and be around
me anymore? And can those futures be avoided?

Adaine: Oh, I wish I could tell you. Unfortunately that's not really how being
the Oracle works. It's more of a “I can help out a little bit every day and
then every now and again I get a potentially terrifying vision, but I don't
know when that's going to happen or why.”

Ayda: Terrible. If someone kisses you, does that mean de facto that they are
attracted to you, or is there a possibility that someone would kiss you for
some other reason?

Adaine: I think, from a purely academic standpoint—

Ayda: Perfect, I am an academic.

Adaine: Fantastic. I would say that on a macro level there are probably people
who’d kiss you without caring about you, but I don't think that Fig would do
that, because Fig cares about everybody.

Ayda: Are you saying this as Oracle, or because you have knowledge of Fig that
would lead you to this conclusion?

Adaine: Yes.

Adaine: ...Both, excellent.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Ayda inhales and exhales deeply, then pauses for a moment.

Ayda: If we kissed a bunch of times over the course of an hour, does that mean
we are girlfriends or wives?

Players laugh.

Adaine: I mean, I'm gonna say no on wives.

Ayda: Good, there's a ceremony, that's formal.

Adaine: Yes.

Ayda: Much easier, a better system.

Adaine: Girlfriends, I would say… Lots of times over the course of an hour? I
think potentially, but I think that it's reasonable to ask to clarify.

Ayda: Mm-hmm. Okay, and if I were to ask Fig to clarify if we are girlfriends
or dating each other, will that make me on a social level look sad, weird, or
not normal?

Adaine: I don't think that you should worry about… the first answer is no. But
also, if you like a person, and they like you, and the relationship is good,
it shouldn't matter how other people feel about it. I think.

Ayda: The variables involved in the equation you've posited are so fuzzy as to
be maddening.

Adaine: I don't think you are sad or weird. And I think that you dating—

Brennan: [miming Ayda crying] Tear.

Ayda: Thank you.

Adaine: I think you're very, very cool.

Ayda: I think you're very, very cool.

Adaine: It's so nice to talk about the kind of magic that I do with somebody
else who gets it and is not mean.

Ayda: Are you someone who also worries about having a mind that maybe would be
foreign to a lot of people and—

Adaine: I don't know if I worry about it, it's just a point of everyday
existence for me? I mean, I worry about everything.

Ayda: Yes.

Adaine: But it's not, [stutters] it's not a peak worry for me.

Ayda: I understand. It's nice to have a person who understands, and even if
we're not the same, understanding that we're both not the same, and what being
not the same feels like, makes me feel like we're the same.

Adaine: Mm-hm.

Ayda: And that's good.

Adaine: And it's okay that we're all different. I mean, I love all of my
friends, and they can do things that I can't do, and I can do things that they
can't do.

Ayda: [sighing deeply] You're a very special person, and your friendship means
the world to me. I hope we study magic together for a long, long time.

Adaine: Yes, me too. Thank you for this key. This place is so cool. I know I
keep on saying it, but I can't believe that, this place is so cool.

Ayda: It's extremely cool, and I like to be here. It's a good place to go when
you want to be alone because you live on a dirty pirate island.

Adaine: Oh, I understand that because I always want to be alone a lot of the
time. Except when I don't and I really want to be with other people. It's very
confusing. Anxiety is a very confusing thing.

Ayda: No, no, no, that—

Adaine: I want to be alone and also surrounded by my friends at all times.

Ayda: That contradiction and paradox is something that I have studied many
times myself.

Adaine: Oh, fascinating. Do you have notes?

Ayda: About how my mind works? Yes.

Adaine: Yes, no, friendship. Hmm...

Ayda: [very quickly] Oh, what do you have? I have an entire friendship section
I built in the library because I was so lonely.

Players laugh.

Adaine: Oh, wow.

Ayda: Is that strange, to have revealed that?

Adaine: No. I think that's a great thing.

Ayda: I love you too, you're my best friend—

Adaine: Yes.

Ayda: And if I don't smell Fig's hair again I'm going to incinerate. And so I
need to finish Plane Shift right now.

Adaine: Yes, please do. Yes, that would be good.

Ayda: Very well. [formally] Oracle, this council of the synod is concluded.

Adaine: Uh, [bows formally] farewell.

Ayda: Farewell.

Brennan makes a zapping sound.

Brennan: And that's all for this week on Fantasy High. Tune in next week.

Siobhan: [sing-song] I know a secret!

Group laughs.

Ally: What is it?

Lou: Well look at that. It's gonna get out, dude.

[NEXT EPISODE — [Episode 14: Daddies &
Demons](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT3Zk5dEZXMcj3C_sgkUurVzPu6zF-Y6A0U2jEOy1VewmE2AbNDjjCOVqi-6H9E_4_RDw5zDyubGMD_/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650550354618&usg=AOvVaw0SeI9Cq7JVH8HDmmxKTs_1)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by: somnolentselenophile, Hana, gluegunshots, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxiBoBjnPW1hLvKf9GHKZhIyNSezzFLSo5K5-I1WHTrD97JnXMP7l9QP7iJwCtrsVFhABxR7MDoRaJ4cZY:0)

Episode 14: Daddies & Demons

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 14: Daddies & Demons

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vRxXRQiLy1p6YWdQmX7brMRvZpb_Ud9b-OsPIUKktSju16csS_-81OwqdEDqh0eOtve9R45oAs9fYMY/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650552968812&usg=AOvVaw2VagmSRFl1XDWNXj7FBGd_)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTPQSgE51UMIyIyKWYjjUxap7C2d5tDN7JiutgRlGX5JQ23IgeIsErxjH3ZLGPQ5vnCwAnfL87f_93u/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650552969336&usg=AOvVaw02SRP5kPme-
ZBdL-oDl52S)] >

Everyone yells excitedly.

[Upbeat fantasy music plays]

Brennan: Hello and welcome back to Dimension 20 Live, presents Fantasy High
Sophomore Year. I'm your humble game master Brennan Lee Mulligan and with me
as always our intrepid heroes.

Laughter from players can be heard throughout.

Brennan: Say “hi”, intrepid heroes!

A chorus of and laughter and greetings ensues.

Brennan: Ooh, wonderful.

Emily: Little beans!

Siobhan: Lil’ beans.

Ally: Lil’ beans.

Brennan: Again, I'll tell you what, we got a couple little announcements here
today. A couple promo things. Our side quest Tiny Heist: The finale of Tiny
Heist comes out in a couple of hours!

Players clap and cheer.

Brennan: Five hours from right now, the finale of Tiny Heist with our friends
Jess Ross and Lily Du, and the entire McElroy family, is playing it. And the
thrilling conclusion premieres tonight, so make sure to check that out. If
you've been waiting to binge it, you could binge it starting at midnight
Pacific tonight. Also, a very special trailer just might be appearing on the
Dimension 20 YouTube channel sometime in the next week.

Ally: Wait..

Lou: What?

Zac: What?

Brennan: You guys are going to truly lose your god damn minds.

Lou: What?

Brennan: So--

Ally: Wait, are you serious? We did not know about this.

Brennan: Oh, I am quite--

Lou: What are you talking about?

Brennan: I am quite serious.

Siobhan: This is the first we're hearing about this.

Brennan: I tried to look at it today--

Siobhan: This is a real time reaction.

Brennan: It is bananas! It is fucking bananas. So head over to Dimension 20
YouTube Channel, make sure to subscribe to the channel, and also ring that
bell so you get notifications 'cause you're gonna see a bunch of awesome
stuff, specifically next week. Boy howdy, get ready gang. Also something fun
for all you, listen, it's no secret that Dimension 20 has got the best fans in
the entire world.

Players cheer and clap.

Brennan: You guys truly, you're the reason that we're here and able to do this
and they're doing a cool little thing now. We're right in the middle of Gilear
Week baby!

A mixture of cheering and groaning ensues.

Brennan: #Gilearweek on Twitter and Tumblr and any place where fanart and
fanfiction is created and designed, celebrating Fantasy High's very favorite
sad dad. So you can go and engage with your fellow fans and see all the
awesome stuff they're doing, up to and including hot Gilear, which is--

Siobhan: Wow

Ally: Nooo...

Lou: Doesn’t exist.

Ally: Temperature wise?

Lou: Exactly! He's just wearing like a swimsuit?

Zac: Is he burned?

Siobhan: Yes, it's 35 degrees centigrade outside and he's steamin’. Turning
down that thermostat.

Brennan: Listen, there is a point where the stories leave our authorship and
enter the world of how they exist amongst the people that cherish them, and if
they determine that Gilear is hot, no matter how hard we try, we may not be
able to stop them.

Siobhan: I think, fan artists, your aim this week is to draw a Gilear that is
so hot that even Lou is convinced of Hot Gilear.

Group laughs.

Lou: Literally, science could not do that. There's no--

Brennan: The challenge has been put forth.

Emily: I'm rooting hard for Hot Gilear. I believe it.

Lou: I'm gonna start a Twitter account just to evaluate Hot Gilear fan art.

Group laughs.

Ally: Do it.

Brennan: Incredible, we have our first--

Siobhan: Why do you have a finsta? Well, lemme tell you.

Kristen: Gilear's pouty lips.

Brennan: Speaking of Hot Gilear, Gilear's feeling pretty hot right now on the
first circle of hell.

Siobhan: Smokin’.

Zac: Clean, solid segue.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Honestly, that wasn't planned.

Ally: Ten out of ten.

Brennan: Heyyy. [in raspy, sinister voice] Smoke rises from craters across the
blasted plane of Avernus. A sky of flame, roiling sea of horror burning to the
edges of the horizon. Aloft in the sky, a whirling orifice of flame and smoke
deposits an endless stream of screaming, mutilated souls that falls forever
into the Bottomless Pit where the spiral descending trail leads to wrought
iron gates. [ordinary voice] The dwelling place and dominion of the absent
Gorthalax the Insatiable. Last week on Dimension 20, our party was split! Fig,
Riz, Gilear, and the Hangman were deposited on one side of hellish portal for
a tribunal to discuss the absence of Gorthalax the Insatiable by several
devilish potentates, and a recess was called because amazingly Fig, in an
ongoing streak of Fig telling the truth very persuasively--

Emily: Don't get used to it.

Players laugh.

Brennan: \--told them that Gorthalax the Insatiable was trapped in a gem. So
there was a recess called and the four of them are under house arrest, while
the rest of our bad kids are still in Arborly, the wood elf and gnomish
community at the edge of the Forest of the Nightmare King on their quest to
retrieve the Nightmare King's crown. You see deep in the Bottomless Pit that
our four companions: the Hangman, Riz, Fig, and Gilear, sort of have the run
of the place to themselves as the tribunal is taking care of some business and
doing some research in interim.

Emily: Wait, aren't there five, isn't there Ret-ro?

Brennan: Wretchrot, yes.

Emily laughs.

Brennan: For those at home, Wretchrot is spelled W-R-E-T-C-H-R-O-T. Literally
the words “wretch” and “rot” put together. Wretchrot, who is a horrifying
little scorpion tailed imp made of Fig's own blood.

Emily laughs.

Ally: [burying their face in their hands] I forgot about that.

Brennan: Begins to-- Also his wings are much smaller than his body, so there's
a lot of him flying and kind of like, dragging--

Emily: Is he kind of like a penguin, he can't fly?

Murph: Is he kind of hovering?

Brennan: Yeah, he's mostly hovering. It seems like he needs some added
propulsion from like, whipping his tail back and forth. The wings are just
kind of enough to keep him aloft.

Emily: This tracks, that this would come from me.

Group laughs.

Brennan: And you see he says,

Wretchrot: (high pitched, hyena-like voice) Ah, mistress of the pit! And your
friends and companions. I see you have a most fearsome goblin.

Riz hisses.

Wretchrot shrieks.

Wretchrot: I have been frightened by his fearsome hiss.

Fig: Yeah, Riz has got a pretty mean hiss.

Wretchrot: To where would I show you in this, the demesne of your father.

Fig: Well I guess, is there like a balcony that looks over all the murderers
and liars plummeting into their death?

Wretchrot: A what?

Fig: A balcony.

Brennan: You're sort of walking down this ledge where there's no railing,
there's no--

Fabian: Just somewhere you could like, smoke a cigarette and set up a quick
teen zone or anything like that?

Wretchrot: You're looking for the teen zone of the Bottomless Pit?

Fig: [laughing] Metaphorically.

Wretchrot: Perhaps, yes.

Brennan: You see that Wretchrot says,

Wretchrot: A couple of levels down, right this way!

Brennan: And begins to circle you down the Bottomless Pit. As you travel
further and further, you see there's no railing anywhere on the ledge so you
just get to a place where there's a little kind of stony jut that you can come
out here. You see that Wretchrot says,

Wretchrot: You might imagine that safety regulations are very minimal here in
the furnace. No railings or anything like that.

Fig: We'll take care, you good Riz?

Riz: Yeah, I'm extremely careful.

Fig: Do we need him to sign something?

Wretchrot: [slyly]...Yes.

Fig: Wait, no, no, no, no.

Riz: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!

Wretchrot: [unconvincingly] No, there's a waiver!

Fig: Bad baby!

Brennan: You see a little contract appear in his hands.

Fig: Bad baby!

Wretchrot: No-- What? [crying]

Riz: You’re a bad-- You’re a bad baby.

Brennan: He flies off and cries over by the wall.

Lou: Bad baby?

Riz: Hangman?

The Hangman roars.

Riz: Do you think I might actually be safer sleeping here [whispering] with
the demon in my head? ‘Cause the devils?

Hangman: It may well be. If the Shadow Cat has some ways to defend herself
from the eyes of the arch devils then maybe you would be safer with her
present.

Fig: Wait, what are you implying?

Riz: I'm saying maybe Shadow Cat can't mess with me here?

Fig: Can't mess with you here?

Riz: I don't know.

Brennan: You see that--

Fig: Oh, I hadn't even considered that.

Riz: Yeah, I might just not sleep. [chuckling nervously]

Fig: No! You should definitely sleep. I mean, if you wanna stay up all night
that's also cool.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Gilear speaks up and says,

Gilear: I’ve had a moment to process and I want to apologize. Back there in
the courtr\-- I know the reason I'm here was sort of to help with legal stuff
and I kind of, I honestly choked back there."

Fig: [laughing] You kinda did.

Gilear: The motorcycle was a bigger help than me by pretty considerable
distance.

Players laugh.

Fig: [warmly] It's okay Gilear.

Gilear: I appreciate that, I am... actively looking for opportunities to be of
more use. So, very well.

Fig: [cheerfully] Yeah, you're always of use.

Brennan: Hangman goes,

Hangman growls.

Hangman: [doubtfully] Hmm.

Fig: [confused] Uh, you are too Hangman?

Hangman: Oh, I was not fishing for a compliment but that's actually very
meaningful.

Riz: I think Hangman was just being mean.

Fig: So many sensitive egos here.

Brennan: You see that Wretchrot looks and and says,

Wretchrot: I do not know of what use the sad elf is, but I will say: Very wise
to bring a blood pet with you here to the first level. Surely there is much
blood in his body!

Lou laughs.

Fig: Much blood in whose body?

Riz: [chuckling] Gilear's?

Fig: Okay, baby, that is not--

Players laugh.

Wretchrot: I'm sorry, is my new name Baby?

Fig: [laughing] I'm not trying for it to be.

Wretchrot: Okay.

Zac: You called him Baby twice.

Siobhan: Seems like it's that.

Ally: Yeah, I mean it's absolutely Baby from now on. That’s canon.

Siobhan: Seems like it.

Wretchrot: Would you like to wrap me in a swaddling cloth?

Fig: No! 'Cause that will only solidify the baby thing, which I'm gonna try my
best not to say. The blood is off limits in this party, okay? If you need to
feed anyone you come get it from me.

Brennan: [excited shrieking] --and just bites into your hand.

Wretchrot: [slurping] This is the stuff I'm made of!

Fig: Oh-ho, wow.

Lou laughs heartily. Other players chuckle uncomfortably.

Lou: Oh, god! So messed up.

Riz: Wretchrot, are there any highlights of Gorthalax?

Wretchrot: Yes, many highlights there are! I would be happy to show you rooms
of treasure. Dark studies with ancient grimoires and tomes!

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: The tomes, yeah.

Fig: Yeah, lets go to the--

Brennan: You see that Wretchrot begins to fly you down.

Fig: Riz, I have a question.

Riz: What's up?

Fig: I... was wondering if we should, I was wondering if-- 'cause they took a
recess, right?

Riz: Uh-huh.

Fig: I haven't been really paying that much attention to the lore, I've been
kind of busy.

Riz: What?

Fig: I haven't really been--

Riz: You took us to hell.

Fig: I know but you and Adaine have been doing all this research, I haven't
been paying a ton of attention. So I need to run this by you.

Riz: Okay.

Group laughs.

Riz: I wish we didn't come to hell!

Hangman: [gruffly] Why don't you just give up the info, you narc?

Players laugh.

Riz: What?

Hangman: You’re a little nerd! Tell the cool girl about your nerd things and
words.

Riz: [laughing] I’m not a, I’m not a n--

Fig: Yeah, thanks Hangman!

Hangman: I... I hate when The Ball rides on me.

Fig: Well, play your cards right and I'll make sure he doesn't.

Hangman: Haha! Yes...

Riz: How am I outnumbered here for paying attention? I'm being bullied for
paying attention. [mournfully] Where's Adaine?!

Fig: I'm just wondering, okay so… So they took a recess, and Gorthalax is
not-- if I were in charge--

Riz: Mm-hm.

Fig: So they needed Gorthalax to enter something in a gem, but he needed to be
a special devil, right? If I took his place, if I became the leader here--

Riz: Devils don't--

Fig: Would that invalidate him in the gem?

Riz: ...No, I don't think so. The devils here aren't try-- I think it's
because his kingdom is like-- because he's not looking over his kingdom,
because he's gone.

Fig: But I'm saying like, Adaine's mom is, Kalina is using Gorthalax in the
gem because he's powerful but if I took his title would he no longer be
powerful? And they would need me in a gem to get through.

Brennan: I'm gonna say go ahead and give me an investigation check.

Emily: Woo!

Murph: Pft. It's okay, 19.

Brennan: Very much a long shot, because in most of the indications about what
the gem is for, it's to get past a barrier.

Murph: So they’re already in, they’re already in.

Emily: So they already got past, okay. I thought that might be the case, I
just had to figure it out.

Riz: It seems like it's more about--

Emily: I had to double check.

Riz: \--Gorthalax being high ranking than it is about being anything specific
about him. Like, there's a good chance that you could've gotten them in, you
know what I mean?

Fig: Yeah, I mean I can get into a lot of places, but yeah.

Riz: But maybe if you take over this then you can get us in?

Fig: Oh...

Riz: Maybe you couldn't have gotten in before.

Fig: Oh!

Riz: But now you could get it. Wretchrot?

Wretchrot shrieks.

Riz: Does that add up?

Wretchrot: What does what add up?

Fig: Wretchrot, if I become the fief of this--

Wretchrot shrieks excitedly.

Wretchrot: Oh-ohohoh, please!

Riz: [laughing] Calm down, Baby.

Players laugh.

Fig: [laughing] Stop trying to make “Baby”--

Wretchrot: I'm changing my name to Baby! I'm Baby now!

Fig: Stop trying to make “Baby” happen, Riz!

Murph laughs.

Fig: If I become the fief of this place, will I be able to move us through to
the Nightmare Forest, to Sylvaire?

Baby: If you were to become the dark mistress of the Bottomless Pit, then yes.
Your mortal blood puts you outside the hierarchy of devil folk, so there’s
very few pathways for you to claim your father's throne, but [high-pitched]
ways there may yet be!

Brennan: You see The Hangman kind of goes,

Hangman: This guy's a freak.

Players laugh.

Riz: This guy rules.

Brennan: You see, the Hangman says,

Hangman: It is true, not all devils may seize these thrones for themselves.

Brennan: You see Wretchrot smiles and says,

Baby: I for example, am simply a lowly imp made from the blood of a greater
devil than I, and the fact the devil that made me is half mortal lets you know
how truly lesser of a devil I am. And this... contraption is filled with one
of the least devils of them all.

Brennan: Hangman goes,

Hangman: [snarling] Hold your tongue!

Brennan: And you see he goes,

Baby shrieks delightedly.

Baby: [while grinning wildly and clutching at himself] Ahhh, what if he killed
me?!

Players laugh.

Ally: This imp is horny.

Emily:  Well, it came from my blood, so...

Group laughs.

Emily: Checks out.

Fig: All right cool, yeah let's find those tomes. I just had to bring that up.

Baby: The Study of Darkness.

Brennan makes the sound of a gate opening.

Brennan: This wrought iron gate opens and you see before you [sinister voice]
mahogany shelves littered with --

The lighting in the dome shifts from blue to red.

Brennan: \--black scaled tomes as though in the scales of serpents and
dragons, wrought in gold. You see that there is a little roll top writer’s
desk with a very evil little pot of ink, and a very evil jet black quill and
you see a fireplace with a smoldering pile of embers at the center.

Emily: I light my cigarette.

Brennan: And you see, you look around and see--

Fig takes a drag from her cigarette and then offers it to Riz.

Riz: I was just about to say don't touch anything.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Wretchrot\--

Fig: This is my dad's stuff.

Riz: Right, right.

Fig: This is literally, this represents half of me.

Riz: This just seems like it was made to corrupt me, like I'm gonna grab some
weird book and then disappear into a book.

Fig: I'll just knock you out if you do.

Riz: [laughing] Okay. Okay, deal.

Brennan: You see… Wretchrot turns around and says,

Baby: Indeed, many tomes there are that would steal one's soul here, but there
is also a sizable collection of tomes that would do no such thing and simply
contain eons and eons of infernal precedent and common law. [brightly] There's
also a small fiction section.

Players laugh.

Fig: Ooh. All right, what are you looking for?

Murph: I guess I'd like to look around and see if there's anything about this
unnamed god or the Shadow Cat or anything. I would think if the devils opposed
the demons then there might be some info on the demons?

Brennan: Cool. Is there anything else you're looking for while you're here?

Murph: I guess also to find out if we can get Fig to take over for Gorthalax
so we could get us into the woods.

Emily: Seems like a pretty slim chance that I could do that though, since as
he pointed out, I'm half mortal, and therefore lesser.

Brennan: You… go ahead and give me an Investigation check.

Murph: I'm not rolling good. 16.

Brennan: 16\. Uh--

Emily: I'll also do an Investigation, just in case.

Lou: Here we go now.

Ally: Here we go.

Siobhan: Here we go, here we go now. Can Baby give Fig advantage?

Brennan: If anything Baby would give disadvantage.

Players laugh.

Emily: Got a 6.

Brennan: 6, okay cool.

Lou: All is right with the world.

Zac: I mean with Baby's disadvantage?

Murph: Baby's just screaming while we're going through the books.

Brennan: Okay. Gilear rolled an 11. As you begin to sort of parse through,
with 16 you don't find anything about the Shadow Cat here. This is obviously a
smaller library, it looks like. This, not the most exhaustive infernal library
in the world.

Emily: Is there any like, [giggling] I really secretively look and see if
there's any infernal dating advice books.

Brennan: Infernal dating advice books? Give me another Investigation check.

Emily: 17.

Brennan: Yeah, you see that there is a book, there's an ancient tome that is
written in very archaic-- but it's a book for devils that have been promoted
into their equivalent of succubus and incubus roles, on how to seduce mortals
and capture their soul. There's some really graphic sexual diagrams in it that
look painful and bad and usually are like “The easiest way to draw out the
soul is either through the eyes, or the penis!”

Fig shrieks and closes the tome.

Brennan: And you're like ‘This is hard, this is not fun or good’.

Emily: I put it away.

Brennan: You toss that away. You see that, Riz, you found some interesting
stuff.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: There is an entire series of encyclopedia-esque books that are about
coup law. And you see that basically what it is that there is a legal
structure in place within the nine hells that allows for coups, in fact, they
seem to be very encouraged.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: And there's a whole legal way of dealing with a devil killing another
devil to assume their spot. There might be some fruitful stuff here to look
at.

Murph: Okay. So I guess I'll grab it.

Emily: Yeah. Grab it.

Murph: I mean I already did my Investigation check, assuming I can't look in
it now?

Brennan: You can't look in it right now, but you found some interesting stuff.
Wretchrot says,

Baby: If you would like to look at the hot tubs there are also some other
wonderful highlights, treasures of your father’s and other various things.

Fig: Yeah, let's go look at some treasures.

Riz: Sweet.

Brennan: You grab a couple books under your thing, head off and you go back
out under the ledge, walk down, another giant gate opens up and you see a huge
hall opens and this one is built into the red stone. It's like, dusty and sort
of rough hewn, and you see that there are seven suits of armor, holding
weaponry. And you see that they gleam with intense infernal light.

Riz: Don't touch anything.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Each of the armors also comes with its own sort of like, weaponry on
it.

Emily: I start flicking one of the wheels of my skateboard.

Murph: They all have different weapons?

Brennan: Different weapons on them. You see that they're all like, very
different colors by the way, too. And the one directly in-- so there's sort of
three facing each other and one that is like the primary one that is this
insane bone-white skeletal armor, with a huge underbite tusked maw thing. And
you see that the weapon that the armor is holding is like a massive spiked
net. The weapons are all weird kind of looking. As you look at them, Wretchrot
says,

Baby: Welcome to the Hall of Sin, and herein lie the Armors of Sin, one for
each of the seven. And your father's prized armor, the Armor of Gluttony of
course.

Baby giggles creepily.

Fig: Right.

Baby: Hungry, hungry boy. Yum, yum, yum!

Players laugh and groan. Ally covers their face.

Lou: Jesus.

Fig: Hey Riz,

Emily: I wanna Message just Riz.

Murph: Ok.

Fig: It's kind of fucked up that this is half of me, right?

Fig gestures at Baby.

Fig: This is bad.

Riz: I think it's more hell, and it being like, a little blood monster then it
is you.

Fig: Okay.

Riz: Yeah.

Emily: Message over.

Players laugh.

Emily: I still look haunted.

Brennan: So you look around, there’s a whole bunch, there's a suit of armor
all made of mirrors, there's a suit of armor that’s all in like, brilliant
gold with this enormous fucking halberd. There's this giant red armor that has
two double sided flails, like scourges, that are all spiked and shit.

Emily: Which one is lust?

Brennan: You look at the lust one, the lust one is jet black, it's black
leather stitched together with a like, a zipper over the mouth.

Lou: Woo!

Players laugh.

Brennan: It's like, this intense kink armor.

Fig: Don't you feel like Kristen would love this one?

Ally laughs loudly.

Riz: Wretchrot, not that I trust you at all, but if we touch any of this…
we're gonna like, die right?

Baby: Die and go mad!

Riz: [chuckling] Cool!

Fabian: Cool.

Brennan: He looks around, he points at the bone-white one and says “The Armor
of Gluttony.”, he points at the gold one, and says, "The Armor of Pride." He
points to the one you're looking at and says,

Baby: The Armor of Lust. If you were to don the Armor of Lust, [giggles] the
power of that sin would flood your body, make you invincible, unstoppable.
But, the armor will find the lust inside you, prey on it, drive it to the
forefront of your mind and soul-- take you over. Perhaps you would win the
battle, but you would be irrevocably lost, forever.

Baby laughs creepily.

Fig: Can we touch the armor without putting it on, or is the mere act of
touching corrupting in its own?

Baby: [duplicitously] Touch it!

Riz: Why do we wanna touch the armor?

Fig: Because we can convince someone else to put it on.

Riz: [baffled] What?

Baby: [unconvincingly] You should touch it!

Players laugh.

Riz: [exasperated] Why? [to Fig] Okay, if we're gonna touch any of the armor,
and we shouldn’t touch any of it--

Emily laughs.

Riz: Your dad's armor makes more sense than... horny armor.

Players laugh.

Murph: Riz says that really quietly,

Riz: [whispering] Horny armor.

Fig: I wasn't thinking about touching the horny armor! I was thinking yes,
this would be a nice Christmas gift for Kristen.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: I have discovered the weapon of the Armor of Lust and I am upset. We
should leave this place at once.

Riz: Should we? Gilear--

Gilear: Yes?

Riz: No, I don't...

Fig: What? Say what you wanna say.

Emily: Here, I'll Message you.

Riz: Do you think Gilear needs some new armor?

Fig: I know, that's what I was wondering too.

Riz: But then he would die. He would die.

Fig: What, but okay. Think of-- What sin would he be most protected from?
Anger?

Riz: Would he just become like, a sex machine if we give him the lust one?

Gilear: [annoyed] It's been quiet for a moment and I can tell you're
Messaging. I'm not going to put on the kink armor, please stop.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see Wretchrot says,

Baby: Ah, there are more treasures yet to show.

Riz: Yes, let's look at the other treasures.

Fig: Okay yes, show us more treasures.

Baby: You've been talking about the lust armor for a while--

Zac: I can already see the fan art.

Brennan: You see he says,

Baby: \--and there is no part of my body that is erogenous. I have no way to
get these feelings out.

Fig: Oh. [sympathetically] That's sad. Here, I guess I try and put more blood
on--

Fig cuts her hand and reaches it towards Baby. Gilear quickly grabs her hand
away.

Brennan: Gilear stops you and says,

Gilear: Don't give him stuff to do stuff with! That's fine.

Fig: I was trying to build him some more parts.

Riz: We could do it after we--

Gilear: Wretchrot doesn't need parts, this is not the priority.

Riz: Drop off parts for Wretchrot right before we go.

Fig: Okay.

Riz: When Wretchrot has the place to himself, Wretchrot can go nuts.

Fig: He can hump the floor.

Riz: He can hump the floor.

Ally: Baby! Baby home alone?

Group laughs.

Riz: All right, let's keep looking.

Emily: I think also Baby's probably [unintelligible]

Brennan: You see Wretchrot brings to some chambers, you see that these are
more, they're almost like, infernal romance novel. There's silk beds, it's
nice here. There's a little washbasin with cool water and this one is like,
white marble and like, mirrored masquerade masks and there's like ooh, it's
like sexy Venetian infernal here.

Fig: I like the masks.

Brennan: You-- Wretchrot brings you to these quarters. You can go ahead and
make another--

Emily: This is hot, this is like, Tom Cruise getting laid.

Murph: [laughing] I was just thinking how there's nobody worse to go to hell
with than Riz. He's just like “Let's not touch anything.”

Brennan: Go ahead and make another Investigation check as you are looking at
the book.

Murph: You know what I'm gonna roll with my little beans--

Players cheer.

Lou: [singing] Little beans!

Siobhan: Beans, bean, beans.

Murph: The little beans suck.

Siobhan: Oh no, you rolled a--

Emily: I, can I roll an Investigation check?

Siobhan: \--20, right before we--

Emily: Or should I not?

Murph: I only got a 16.

Brennan: 16, yeah go for it.

Ally: What'd your beans say?

Emily: 16 as well. Oh! Toe to toe.

Murph chuckles.

Brennan: Cool.

Riz: I'm just a little frazzled, that's all.

Emily: Still thinking about the lust armor?

Brennan: So Riz, what I'm gonna rule that 16 as is, I'm gonna let you roll
again later, but it's just that you have so many of these books and you're
going through and they're kind of fruitless. So it's just you're like hacking
away at it basically.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Cool. What do Fig and Gilear--I guess you guys are also looking at
books.

Emily: Yeah,

Fig: What are these Venetian masks about, or, is this just decor?

Brennan: You see that Wretchrot says,

Baby: Ah! Each of these masks belongs to one who thought that they could claim
the throne of the Bottomless Pit. Now they watch as their hubris is punished
forever! [shrieking] It doubles as decor!

Players laugh.

Fig: I see that, I mean true that, it looks good.

Brennan: You look out and see, you know, Gilear takes a book... After a
certain point I think Fig and Gilear get kind of tired. Wretchrot brings you
food. Oh, as you go through the mirrors of this place, make a Perception
check.

Zac: Oh boy.

Ally: Oh boy.

Emily: Oh, I might have okay Perception… Nope, I don't. 17!

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: I rolled… an 11.

Brennan: As you are walking through here, you see a long mirror through a
hallway and there's a moment where-- do you have any disguises active on you
as you move through here?

Emily: No.

Brennan: So there's no illusion to you. You see, though, that Wretchrot flying
just looks like a drop of blood, like his reflection is sort of what he
started as, as he moves along. So it looks like it's not only, this mirror
might be like a home security thing of like showing illusions and shape-change
things.

Emily: [gasping] Can we—

Murph: Is Shadow Cat with me?

Brennan: In the mirror?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: [grinning] You do see Kalina walking after you.

Lou: Ooh!

Ally: Oh! No!

Fig: Hey bitch!

Riz: You’re in hell!

Brennan: Kalina looks over at you, smiles, waves from the mirror, and you see
that she goes (sniffs) And appears not only in the mirror, but in your vision
in the hallway. Looks at you and says,

Kalina: Nice books.

Riz: [nonchalantly] Thanks.

Players laugh.

Brennan: She says,

Kalina: You're having a hard time figuring them out.

Kalina glances around.

Kalina: I'm gonna go out for constitutional, take a walk near the ledge.

Brennan: And you see that she walks out of the hallway. You also, you guys
hear The Hangman go,

Hangman: What's going on?

Brennan: You see that the motorcycle's here in the hallway. In the mirror,
there is a completely hairless soot-covered jet black dog with burning eyes
and burning light coming out of his mouth like a big, almost like hyena body
style. His front paws and legs are big and his back kind of slopes down from a
big ridge on his back.

Fig: Hangman, this is your true nature.

Hangman: [confused] What?

Hangman looks over at the mirror.

Hangman: Oh!

Fig: This is who you really are.

Hangman: Oh, oh no!

Fig: It’s so cute!

Hangman: No, no, no, I'm not cute!

Murph: I scritch his chin.

Hangman: Stop it, I have no chin, I'm not a dog, I'm a motorcycle!

Brennan: And you see he scoots off. But yeah, you see that when Wretchrot was
referring to the least devil, it looks like the Hangman was originally a
hellhound.

Emily: Oh, cute.

Lou: Aw.

Zac: I wonder what the van was.

Siobhan: Baby and Doggy.

Group laughs.

Lou: I have a doggy?

Zac: A children's book.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: Oh yeah, is there anything that we haven't--

Emily: Oh, can we just, I just wanna dump my money and see if there's any
illusion in my cash.

Murph: Yeah, what were we looking for, we were looking for a spellbook. Oh, we
have-- I hold the books in front of the mirror just to make sure there's
nothing weird in there.

Brennan: All looks good to you.

Murph: All looks good.

Emily: What about my coins?

Brennan: You hold up your coins… No, you don't see any illusion or shape
change or anything like that on your coins.

Murph: I hold up the picture to the mirror.

Brennan: You hold up the picture to the mirror-- oh now hold on.

Brennan looks contemplative.

Murph laughs.

Brennan: Now I've gotta actually… This is a complex enough thing that I've
gotta actually think about this.

Murph: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Emily laughs.

Zac: We'll stall while Brennan does some math.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: Guys, how was your week? Any fun stories?

Murph: What other things do we have to hold up in front of this?

Brennan: In the mirror you don't see Kalina.

Murph: Okay.

Riz: So it is, she's in our minds.

Fig: Yeah. Shit. Wait, I just wanted to ask you, are you okay that we hold up
this picture of your dad all the time?

Riz: [surprised] Oh.

Fig: It seems like a really messed up thing to have to do.

Riz: Oh, that's really nice.

Fig: Literally every single day.

Riz: [touched] Oh no, it's great. I like seeing my dad, he's been gone for a
long time.

Fig: Okay. Just had to check in.

Riz: Thank you.

Brennan: You hear a voice in your ear Riz saying,

Kalina: Do you wanna see your dad again?

Lou: Oh-ho-ho.

Murph: This is classic devil shenanigans.

Riz: I mean yeah, yeah… yeah.

Fig: Who are you talking to? What's going on? Yeah, what?

Brennan: You hear the voice in the ear say,

Kalina: Tell Fig, Gilear, and the motorcycle and the deal's off. It's not an
illusion. He's really here and I can really show him to you.

Lou: [shivering with excitement] Oh-ho-ho.

Riz: He's really here. If he's really here—

Brennan: She says,

Kalina: They're on to you right now. Don't talk to me for another twenty
minutes. Shake ‘em.

Brennan: And then her voice vanishes.

Emily: I'm gonna just really secretly hold my little Ayda feather in the
mirror just to see what it looks like. Is it just a feather?

Brennan:  A beautiful brilliant golden orange feather.

Emily: Okay.

Riz: Why don't we get… I'm gonna go grab a lot of stuff and just kind of put
it in front of this mirror and see if there's any other illusions or anything
I can figure out.

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: If you guys wanna--

Gilear: Very well, I shall set up on the sofa and see what's happening in the
kitchen here. I don't know that they will have what they need for frittatas
but we can always try.

Fig: Yeah. And you said you're not useful!

Gilear: [weakly] Ha!

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see that the Hangman says,

Hangman: I shall assist in this endeavor as well but,

Brennan: He says,

Hangman: I will guard this dwelling place, Mistress Faeth, against any
incursions from demons or devils.

Fig: When we're down here you can call me Fig the Infaethable.

Hangman: [approvingly] Ah, a title!

Brennan: You see that Wretchrot says,

Baby: Mistress, let me show you to the all of the amenities of this villa
within the Bottomless Pit.

Fig: Villa, okay. Cool.

Baby: [panting excitedly] Can I ask a question?

` Fig: Yeah.

Baby: If I had extra parts, where would they go?

Fig: Hmm… I guess I'd let you decide.

Baby shrieks and clutches at himself.

Baby: [giggling wildly] Ah, incredible!

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see he flies off. And Riz you go to get some more stuff?

Murph: ...Yeah.

Brennan: You go to get some more stuff. We're gonna cut back to Arborly!

[The lighting in the dome shifts from red to blue.]

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: In the misty woods of Arborly, morning has come on the following day.
Kristen and Tracker, Ragh, Sandralynn all awake along with Gorgug and Fabian.
And Adaine has been out of trance for a little while. [grinning] So Adaine--

Siobhan: Yeah. [grinning widely] I'm just doing this face at everybody.

Kristen: What?

Gorgug: What?

Kristen: What?

Fabian: What?

Adaine: No, I can't say.

Kristen: Did you see what they're doing in hell?

Adaine: No, I can't say.

Kristen: Wait, what happened?

Emily: Ohhh...

Fabian: What's going on?

Kristen: What?

Kristen: Did you... kiss someone?

Adaine: No, hmm, no but… Okay, so you know how Ayda disappeared and Fig
disappeared?

Kristen: Uh-huh.

Adaine: From the crab party?

Group laughs.

Kristen: Yeah.

Emily: [laughing] Jerk!

Fabian: Did they? Well, they just missed like the little sh-- well, no--

Gorgug: They weren’t there for the part with the ritual of the crab king.

Kristen: They weren't there for shrimp tower.

Fabian: Oh, they weren't there for shrimp tower.

Kristen: No.

Gorgug: Oh yeah.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah, you wanna know where they were?

Kristen: Where?

Adaine: I can't say, but maybe you can guess.

Gorgug: Were they at the lobster tower?

Kristen: Ohhhh, they were at--

Adaine: No, they weren't at the lobster tower.

Kristen: \--shrimp river.

Fabian: Shrimp river.

Gorgug: Shrimp river.

Fabian: They must have been at shrimp river. That makes sense, Ayda would
love--

Kristen: Yeah, yeah.

Adaine: They were at Smooch. Central.

Adaine looks around at everyone with a dramatic expression.

Gorgug: Where's that?

Fabian: Where is that?

Kristen: Wait, what?!

Ragh: Where's smooch central?

Gorgug: Where's smooch central?

Fabian: Wait are you saying that--

Adaine: Up a tree! K-I-S-S-I-N-G!

Kristen: Wait, Fig--

Fabian: Fig got kisses?!

Kristen: Fig was kissing Ayda?

Gorgug: Oh, she got kisses in.

Brennan: Tracker,

Tracker: [clutching at her face dramatically] Oh my god!

Fabian: She got kisses in.

Tracker: Oh my god!

Fabian: What?!

Gorgug: What?

Fabian: What?

Kristen: [proudly] The family grows.

Brennan: You see Tracker.

Tracker smiles and nods in agreement.

Kristen: You, me, and Ragh, just like, ah! More gay!

Kristen reaches to hug Ragh and Tracker.

Brennan: You see Ragh,

Ragh: [reaching to hug Tracker and Kristen] Woo! Hoot, growl, hoot, growl.
Yes!

Fabian: Oh, wow. Fig got her kisses.

Gorgug: [awed] Wow.

Kristen: Wow.

Gorgug: Wow.

Fabian: I’m jealous.

Ragh: That fucking slaps so hard!

Kristen: That's amazing.

Adaine: Right?

Kristen: How do you know this?

Adaine: Ayda told me. Oh, she also, god, she told me some other things and I
fully don't remember them.

Group laughs.

Fabian: Were they like, important?

Adaine: She's working on Plane Shift, and she told me something about the
rune, maybe that she was going to research it or maybe she already knew about
it. All of that information fully got wiped from my brain.

Kristen: You came with the most important part.

Adaine: I think so too.

Gorgug: You had a pretty solid piece of info.

Fabian: I don't care about the rune.

Adaine: I don't, honestly, me neither.

Kristen: I don't wanna hear about the rune ever again. I only want to talk
about--

Ragh: Frankly, bringing up the rune in this context is homophobic.

Kristen: Yeah. Yes. Yeah, I would agree.

Adaine: You're right, you're right. I apologize, as an ally I'm always
learning, and you're right.

Fabian: Do you guys think Fig is gonna be a different person now? Like, now
that she got her kisses in it's like, she's all like--

Adaine: I don't know. I mean, Fig is always getting her kisses in.

Gorgug: Well, I thought she kissed a lot of people.

Fabian: Yeah, but this is like, real.

Kristen: Yeah, oh wait. Did she fool Ayda?

Adaine: No, it was really Fig.

Fabian: Oh...

Kristen: Did she look like--

Fabian: Whoa! Hold on, wait. Like, not a doctor, not a firefighter.

Gorgug: Not like, a--

Adaine: No kind of city ordinance--

Kristen: Was she Hilda Hilda kissing?

Fabian: She must have been Hilda Hilda. Did Ayda mean that she kissed Hilda
Hilda?

Adaine: No, Ayda said she kissed Fig.

Fabian: This seems like a lie.

Adaine: Unless, like, right at the last minute she turned into Hilda Hilda and
then back again so that Ayda never saw.

Kristen: When her eyes opened up again? We don't know.

Adaine: Which I fully, I don't know.

Gorgug: Wow.

Fabian: I don't know, Adaine, this seems too crazy.

Adaine: I know this is the craziest thing--

Fabian: Not Hilda Hilda?!

Adaine: \--literally the craziest thing that has ever happened to us.

Kristen: Would you guys kiss Hilda Hilda?

Emily laughs.

Gorgug: Hilda Hilda...

Adaine: We never saw her.

Gorgug: I guess I don't know who Hilda Hilda is.

Adaine: I don't know what she looks like.

Fabian:  Yeah, I've only heard about Hilda Hilda.

Gorgug:  I just kind of looked online...

Kristen:  'Cause my answer is yes just on a gut level.

Fabian: [gesturing at abdomen]  Moving from here you're like, oh yeah.

Kristen: [gesturing at abdomen] Just moving from here...

Brennan: See Tracker goes,

Tracker: Oh god, she showed up when we were doing crab king and went straight
to the hot tub.

Adaine squeaks.

Kristen:  Oh, yeah!

Adaine: I said I was gonna get in the hot tub with her!

Adaine covers her cheeks with her hands.

Fabian: What’s weird about that?

Adaine: Oh, I'm so embarrassed. Why do I never read these things?

Gorgug: To do what?

Fabian: Yeah, why is it weird for her to go straight to the hot tub?

Tracker: Oh man.

Kristen:  Oh wow.

Adaine: Oh dear.

Kristen: It's... something else.

Gorgug: Okay.

Fabian: All right, anyway--

Brennan: You see that your phone blips, Gorgug and you see Zelda says, Zelda
sent you a text being like, "How's the quest going?"

Emily: Oh my god.

Kristen:  Who are you texting?

Gorgug: Oh yeah, my phone works now.

Fabian: Oh, who is it? [surprised] Wait, what?

Adaine: What?!

Lou: Wait, I was there for that. Nevermind, I'm not surprised.

Gorgug:  I got my crystal to work. I figured it out, I figured out how to
access my parents’ satellite and--

Fabian: [impressed] Wow.

Gorgug: So that's--

Kristen: So we can text anyone? We can text Aguefort?

Gorgug: Yeah, you can use my phone.

Adaine: Oh! Yeah, can we please call Aguefort?

Gorgug: Sure. I gotta be honest, might be way over on minutes so I'm gonna
have to--

Gorgug makes a gesture indicating himself and the party.

Group laughs.

Adaine: All right well--

Gorgug: We're gonna have to pool some resources.

Adaine: Well actually what I can do is--

Gorgug: I'm gonna get these pretty bad overage charges.

Adaine: Oh, she taught me a new spell where I can, okay.

Siobhan: I'm gonna Sending Arthur Aguefort.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: And I'm gonna say—

Gorgug: I can also call him if it—

Group laughs.

Adaine: [laughing] Yeah, why don't you call him? You're right, I should
probably not waste spell slots.

Group laughs.

Adaine: I'm just so excited to use this new spell.

Gorgug: [indicating his phone] As long as this can be settled up later, 'cause
I--

Adaine: Right, we can take it out of--

Kristen: Yeah, we’ll settle up later.

Fabian: Yes.

Zac: I text Zelda back, like--

Adaine: 'Cause you got all those ingredients as well.

Gorgug: [while texting] Got some possibly juicy gossip.

Adaine: Wait!

Emily looks shocked. Group laughs.

Emily: Betrayal! You are all scoundrels and betrayers!

Ally: You don't know any of this.

Players continue to laugh and talk over one another.

Siobhan: You're not here, we were quiet for your scenes!

Ally: You’re in Hell with a thick-ass Mickey Mouse.

Brennan: Zelda just sends back a bunch of exclamation points in a row.

Gorgug: [texting] It's kind of the thing where I feel like I should wait to
let you know just in case it's like, wrong or something.

Brennan: She goes,

Zelda: [texting] Yeah, totally. I might have heard the same thing, though.
What did you hear?

Gorgug: Oh! Okay.

Siobhan: What?

`Emily: What?!

Ally: It's the oldest trick in the book, Gorgug!

Group laughs.

Gorgug: [texting] You hear anything about Fig or?

Emily: This is a freaking informational STI!

Brennan: You get back all caps, "FIG AND WHO?" And in the little chat
function, you see a bunch of the other seven maidens become active online in
the sidebar.

Gorgug: Okay, I don't know… I'm gonna sit on this one.

Brennan: You see that Zelda says, "Of course, I would never want you to rat on
a party member.", and a bunch of chat bubbles from the other seven maidens
show up on your thing being like, "This is bullshit", "Spill, spill!", "Give
us the tea."

Gorgug: [uncomfortably] I don't know what to do. [texting] Anyways, we got
business, duty calls!

Kristen: Call Aguefort and tell him his daughter kissed Fig.

Emily squeaks, group laughs.

Brennan: Cool. The phone rings and after a ring or two you hear,

Aguefort: Hello, you've reached the desk of Arthur Aguefort.

Gorgug: Hello, okay--

Aguefort: Hello?

Gorgug: Do I-- Are you on the phone?

Aguefort: This is a voicemail recording.

Gorgug: Oh, it's a voicemail?

Aguefort: No Gorgug, it's not. It's me on the phone, or is it?

Adaine: Is it Arthur Aguefort or is it Arthur Aguefort's desk?

Aguefort: This is Arthur Aguefort, but it could be Arthur Aguefort's desk.

Adaine: Oh dear.

Aguefort: For Arthur Aguefort, press one. For Arthur Aguefort's desk, press
two. For Arthur Aguefort's cupboard, press three.

Gorgug: What was the third one?

Adaine: I'm gonna go one.

Gorgug: One?

Adaine: One is for him.

Gorgug: Okay.

Gougug presses a button.

Adaine: Although maybe his desk is less impenetrable.

Brennan: He says,

Aguefort: Hello Arthur Aguefort speaking.

Gorgug: Hey, it's Gorgug, I just had to talk to you for a second.

Aguefort: Gorgug, my boy! How goes it with you and the other Bad Kids?

Gorgug: Are you there? I just can't really, something feels like--

Siobhan: I grab the crystal from Gorgug.

Adaine: [stammering] Uh, hi, hi, uh, hi, Mr, Dr, Professor Aguefort. Long time
no-- Anyway, the money that we got from Kalvaxus, we think that one of them,
the coins might have secretly been one of the--

Lou: I take the phone.

Fabian: [confidently] Hey what's up, it's Fabian.

Group laughs.

Fabian: Anyway, so essentially here's what's going down. We got a bunch of
gold and we think that one of the golds—

Ally: Wait a second, actually, while you're saying that me, Tracker, and I
grab Sandra Lynn and Ragh, and I'm like,

Kristen: Hey we should all go stand outside.

Emily: Ahh!

Brennan: [nodding approvingly] Oh, you see that they all nod and, hell yeah.

Ally: And we all walk out.

Emily: [impressed] Kristen Applebees!

Brennan: Hell yeah, you guys all step outside. Cool, Fabian.

Fabian: [losing interest] There's a bunch of gold, and we need to pick the
right gold.

Lou: I toss the phone back to Gorgug.

Gorgug: So, you hear that?

Aguefort: So--

Adaine: There's a rune, there's a rune one of them and it’s the spell book.

Aguefort: There's a coin that has been introduced to the hoard of Kalvaxus?

Adaine: Yes. Was the money that we got directly from his hoard or was it some
sort of, ‘well this is the equivalent in today's money’ kind of deal.

Gorgug: Did it get laundered somehow?

Brennan rolls a die.

Aguefort: I'm afraid the question's rather more complex than that. You are
familiar with the old philosophical saw of ‘how many planks of a ship do you
need to replace before it is a different ship?’, correct?

Adaine: Yes.

Aguefort: Well in a hoard--

Adaine: One of my favorites.

Aguefort: In a hoard it is much the same conundrum. If money goes into or out
of a hoard, is the money that was one time in a hoard, still a part of the
hoard or not?

Adaine: Oh no. He was spending that money?

Aguefort: Dragons loathe spending their hoard, but there are moments; Kalvaxus
was unlike most dragons. He had imperial ambitions. Many dragons are happy to
simply lord over a domain within flying distance and gather as much treasure
as they can. Kalvaxus attempted to control the world, and as such he actually
leveraged his hoard into the economy of many nations. You remember that his
hoard was completely transferred into a bank by the end. So the gold that was
his hoard, was at a certain time simply numbers on a ledger of a bank and was
that way for some several hundred years.

Adaine: [frustrated] Oh, how do we even begin to find this--

Gorgug: Coin, yeah.

Brennan: Aguefort has a very high Arcana--

Brennan rolls a die.

Brennan: \--and rolling a natural 17 won't hurt, says,

Aguefort: The coin being presented… Hmm. Do you have any arcane research that
would suggest to you that definitively the coin is the only problem? I know
that as you were saying that that was the introduction of the magical effect.
Do you have any proof that the magical effect would have been restrained to
just that coin upon its introduction?

Adaine: What do you mean, that it would only be one coin and not several
coins, is that what you mean? I don't, I don’t quite understand.

Aguefort: Rather, it might've started as only one coin, but do you have any
understanding that it would not have spread?

Adaine: Oh, in some sort of...

Gorgug: Like the coin infected all the other coins?

Emily: Like the plague.

Brennan: You see he says,

Aguefort: Yeah, that's well.

Adaine: Interest?

Aguefort: Possibly.

Brennan: You see he says,

Aguefort: Well, I'm glad that you're bringing this to me and I'm glad that
you've taken my warning about dragon madness seriously. That’s a very-- sneaks
up on you, it's a very sneaky curse like that but, importantly, it's something
that takes time but does begin to wend its way into things.

Fabian: [perturbed] What?

Aguefort: Hmm?

Fabian: What did you say?

Adaine: Dragon madness.

Fabian: Yeah, dragon, you said that like it was a thing that we’d heard--

Aguefort: I mentioned it to you.

Fabian: Did you?

Gorgug: He did.

Adaine: Well yes but you also say insane-- I mean, some other interesting
things and, you say piles of things, and none of us remember the dragon magic
thing, dragon madness.

Aguefort: [sarcastically] Oh, so I sort of prattle on, right?

Adaine: No, no, no, you just say so many interesting things that the important
interesting things get—

Aguefort: Like when I gave that very rambly speech in your freshman year,
about how important time magic was and that my tea tasted bad?

Adaine: Yes, but you also said that in the middle of other things and you said
it in a voice--

Gorgug: My mind is like a sponge.

Aguefort: I don't know, I think I have a pretty good track record of saying
important things, that's what I would say.

Zac: So the spell book was turned into coins, right? Or is that... correct?

Murph: Yes.

Siobhan: Can I describe the rune to him?

Brennan: Yes, you can, absolutely.

Siobhan: Great I don't know what it looks like, but—

Brennan: He repeats back a lot of what Ayda said to you, which is it's an
Abjurative, it’s like a meta-magic Abjuration that—

Siobhan: Oh right, the curse within the curse.

Brennan: Curse within the curse, that basically it's like that it's a zip file
so its curse contains a lot of other magic.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: And it then rides under a larger, more static curse.

Adaine: Dragon madness is a thing that's on… if you hold the money of a
dragon?

Aguefort: If you have come into a dragon's wealth knowing that it is from a
dragon then yes.

Emily: So dragon madness is contagious?

Adaine: So maybe the dragon madness is the…  And that's a curse?

Aguefort: Yes.

Adaine: And can it be removed, is it a removable curse?

Brennan: You see he says,

Aguefort: It is a very weak curse, but as a result of that, almost impossible
to remove. It takes a long time to work its way, it can take years to take
effect, it-- because it is so gradual and hard to miss, it's actually quite
implacable.

Adaine: But?

Aguefort: Well... Nothing is impossible, it’s just is a matter of straining
the right, you know...

Gorgug: Hey, I have an idea. What if we give all of our money--

Fabian: Don’t. No, no...

Adaine: No, come on!

Gorgug: Just somebody. I don't know, the people who work in this village or
something.

Adaine: We don't have all of our money with us for starters.

Gorgug: I have all of my money with me.

Players laugh.

Adaine: Well some of us aren't that strong. [laughing] It's extremely heavy.

Gorgug: Carried all my money.

Adaine: I have 238 gold with me.

Gorgug: I have twenty thousand.

Fabian: Are we able to take it back afterwards, because I'm not in the habit
of just giving away money.

Gorgug: Um, I didn't think so.

Adaine: I mean, you can give away your money and you're still very rich. If I
give away my money, I don't have parents.

Fabian: Oh, so every rich person wants to give away their money?

Adaine: No, I'm saying that I don't have parents! That's all the money that I
have, I'm in school.

Gorgug: Fabian, tread lightly.

Lou laughs.

Fabian: All right, I just wanna say, I don't think rich people should be
expected to do, take care of everyone.

Gorgug: But you think that they should be taxed appropriately, right?

Adaine: Nobody is saying that!

Fabian: No, no, I think that--

Adaine: I'm saying that if you give your money away, it's not a big deal, and
I give my money away--

Ally: You dog-faced—

Players laugh

Fabian: I think if you let rich people keep their money, they'll spend it and
that way poor people will get money.

Brennan: Tracker looks at you and—

Adaine: You literally have islands in the sea filled with money that you don't
tell anybody about.

Fabian: Yes, of course I do. I think every good rich person does.

Emily: Good?!

Adaine: “Good”.

Fabian: Good at being rich. [exasperated] What, Tracker, what?

Tracker: If rich people spent their money then how would they be able to call
themselves rich? Isn't the whole point of being rich that you're not spending
a tremendous amount of money?

Fabian: You know what, Kristen, tag-team, I don't want to be in this van
anymore, alright?

Group laughs.

Fabian: I'm gonna go buy myself something nice, I don't know.

Gorgug: I wonder… We all got divided the hoard... Just as an experiment, maybe
I'll give away all my money. That make any sense? Maybe we won't know now,
but... I dunno. What am I gonna buy?

Players laugh.

Adaine: You can get all kinds of things.

Gorgug: What?

Kristen: Something cute for Zelda.

Gorgug: That'd be nice.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: Oh, yeah I guess I could buy something.

Adaine: New seats for the van.

Gorgug: Could use that.

Adaine: Maybe some wings for the van, pretty rad.

Gorgug: Man, that'd be awesome.

Brennan: As you guys dwell on that potential, we're going to cut back to hell.

[sinister music plays]

Brennan: At the edge of the Bottomless Pit…

[lighting shifts from blue to red]

Brennan: Riz Gukgak, licensed detective. You were gonna go out get some things
to put them in front of the mirror of illusions and maybe see what's what.

Lou fidgets excitedly.

Emily: [grinning] I'm just upstairs if you wanna talk.

Murph: Yeah, can I... Ooh. I kind of want to.. I wanna make sure that when I
meet with her that it's here in front of the mirror. Or that I have the mirror
with me. The mirrors are really big, right?

Brennan: It's really big, give me an investigation check.

Murph: I've been rolling so bad. All right, that's great. 25... or, 26.

Brennan: 26? You find a tiny little sliver of mirror from like, what must have
been a broken mirror somewhere. When you put it up your photo you see it has
that property. It's kind of hard, you can't see a lot through it, but it's
enough to give you a hint that something might not be there.

Murph: Yes. I just want to, I, yeah. I know this is classic trickery, but my
father was eaten by Kalvaxus so it is possible that he would be in hell. So
I'm going to bring a little mirror with me and I will go out to meet the
Shadow Cat.

Emily: [softly] Fuck.

Brennan: You walk out and the moment you walk out, Kalina is leaning against
the outside of the doorway.

Kalina: Mr Gukgak, pleasure to have you out here.

Riz: Where's my dad?

Kalina: [raising her eyebrows] To business, right this way.

Brennan: And she begins to walk down the ledge.

Murph: I am going to... okay. I'm like, going through my head trying to make
sure she doesn't kill me here. I think she can't… She could paralyze me and
knock me over the edge. So I'm going to-- We're like on like a mountain, kind
of, or like...?

Brennan: Think of it as almost like if there was just a pit, but carved into
the outside was a spiral road in the side of the crag that spiraled down and
down and down along the outside.

Murph: I would like to, presumably I have some like adventurers tools on me.

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Okay cool. I would like to [laughing] tie a little rope around myself--

Players laugh.

Murph: \--and nail it into the wall.

Emily: Is this loud, do I hear this happening?

Brennan: I'm gonna say no because right next to this is thousands of screaming
souls falling forever into a pit.

Emily: So I open the--

Fig opens and then closes a window.

Fig: Ah, beautiful.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You see that, Kalina looks over and says,

Kalina: You think I'm gonna knock you into the pit?

Riz: Maybe!

Kalina: That makes me feel really great. If you think that's a worry, then I
feel like I'm doing my job, that's great.

Riz: Well I'm just gonna be safe, okay?

Brennan: You see Kalina begins to lead you down, looks and says,

Kalina: So... That's a pretty neat trick that Kristen pulled on that van,
that's pretty powerful magic.

Kalina pauses as if expecting a reaction, then raises her hands non-
confrontationally.

Kalina: I'm just making conversation. I know you think I'm trying to ply you
for answers. I'm just saying she's a gifted cleric, and especially with no
god.

Riz: Is.. Is that the sanctum, did she curse the van?

Kalina: It is so rude, when someone's trying to just chat, to solve a mystery
right at them. It's not, that's not the cottage--

Riz: I have a hard time having a regular conversation with my friends, let
alone you.

Kalina: Gotcha, okay. I'll ease off, I'm just saying. You know it's kind of
interesting because Kristen used to worship Sol, and that was God of the Sun.
Gorthalax was one of his angels, so it just feels interesting. Well you don't
want to be bothered, so, let's go--

Riz: How did you… You were my dad's partner.

Kalina: Mm-hmm.

Riz: You're a familiar.

Kalina raises her eyebrows.

Riz: You were my dad's familiar?

Kalina blinks in surprise and shakes her head in disbelief.

Riz: No? Good. Good! Good. That would be crazy.

Kalina: Man, kid I got you rattled.

Riz: I'm not paranoid.

Players laugh.

Kalina: You're normally… You’re normally pretty—

Ally: He didn't even say that. [imitating Murph] I'm not paranoid.

Brennan: You see she says,

Kalina: You're normally a pretty good shot but you are taking some haymakers
here, kid. Even if you guess right, do you think I'm gonna crack?

Riz: All right, just how, how do you know my dad? You were his partner?

Kalina: [nodding] Oh yeah. I think the question that you should be asking, now
that you know how I get around, is how your dad met me. Ooh. How well did you
really know this guy, right? I mean, you were a little kid when he got eaten
up. I would say that you kind of have no idea who your father is. But, you
should see for yourself.

Siobhan: [softly] Oh shit.

Lou: Oh-ho-ho.

Brennan: She-- There are these big iron gates in the red stone of the pit, and
she goes to a section of wall in between them, and puts her hand where there
is no cleave in the rock but it somehow slips behind something, shifts it, and
you see... endless darkness. It's like looking into a hallway where there is
absolutely no light. You see she says,

Kalina: I know, walking through this door would be the stupidest thing you
ever did, so you don't have to walk. [reassuringly] We're just gonna stay
right here where it's safe, okay?

Brennan: You see she says,

Kalina: But, doors like this in hell... The devils don't like doors like this,
that go between levels, so you're gonna have to really try to look to be able
to see, okay?

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Perception check and she's gonna give you the
help action.

Lou: Oh no!

Emily: Ugh! Fig in the hell mansion being like, ‘Boy, I really am glad I
brought up Riz's dad with him. That was a really good bonding moment that we
had.’

Murph: [facetiously] ‘I guess I hadn't really thought about my dad in awhile!’
[normally] Perception, that's just an 11.

Brennan: You see... Down at the end of the hall, the very center of your
vision-- A little bit of light. And there's something there but; it is
extremely bright, it's not infernal, there's nothing red to it, if anything
it's a cold white light, almost like a fluorescent light. But you can't see
anything from this vantage.

Murph: I'm going to…

Players chuckle nervously.

Murph: Still tied up, still tied up. I'm just gonna go, not gonna go on the
other side of the door. Gonna poke and I'd like to look--

Emily: [incredulously] Oh!

Murph: What, you can poke! I can poke.

Lou: Come on, now.

Players laugh.

Murph: Look around the corner, I'm gonna-- physically I'm trying to keep my
body on the one side of the door, while craning my neck looking in, but I want
to use the mirror to see if I can see--

Brennan: Okay, go ahead and give me a Dexterity saving throw.

Murph: Fuck.

Emily: On a nat 20 can I have noticed that he's gone at all?

Players laugh.

Murph: Should I use the little beans?

Lou: Use the little beans!

Siobhan: Yes!

Ally: No!

(laughing)

Zac: I don't know, I don't know.

Lou: I don't know.

Ally: Do it, do it.

Zac: Do the little beans.

Emily: I feel like I'm gonna puke.

Lou: Come on, little beans.

Everyone leans over to watch Murph roll.

Siobhan: Never use the little beans again.

Murph: 13.

Brennan: 13 Dexterity save? A little bit of the rock wall gives way and some
rock crumbles and you hear Kalina gasp, she goes.

Kalina gasps dramatically.

After a second, Riz hisses at her.

Brennan: You see that she looks at you and for a second you're like, was
something about to happen and she goes,

Kalina: Jesus, you're jumpy.

Riz: I'm jumpy if I talk to somebody. You should have seen me freaking out at
the hotel the other day, you were probably there. You're a creep.

Brennan: See she looks and says--

Riz: What is your deal?

Kalina: Riz, that really hurts my feelings.

Riz: [gesturing at the hallway] What is there, what is the little orange
thing?

Brennan: See she looks and says,

Kalina: You can't see it? No, no, no, that's not how these doorways work. You
don't wanna see it because you know. You know what's there and you know what's
gonna happen if you hold your mirror up to it.

Murph: I hold my mirror up to it.

Brennan: You see that there is a little bit of fluorescent light there. You
see she says,

Kalina: I can't help your eyesight, kid. If you want me to walk away, if you
want me to hold my hands up and take 10 steps back... But, you're gonna have
to go down the hall if you want to see what that is.

Brennan: You see she says,

Kalina: I mean I can, full disclosure—

Brennan: And you see that she bats at your face and her paw just goes through
you, and she says,

Kalina: What the fuck can I do? I'm just in your head.

Riz: Yep. It's not just you I'm worried about, we are in hell. However… I
trust that Fig will find me if... something goes wrong here.

Murph: So I'm gonna write--

Emily: [whispering enthusiastically] I will, I will.

Murph: I'm gonna write a little, I guess I’m gonna, the least interesting of
the devil tomes, and I'm gonna write a note to Fig, that says, "Trying to
catch a glimpse of my dad. Hope this isn't a mistake. If it was, I'm back
here." And I put it on the wall. And then I'm just gonna go in.

Ally: Oh!

Lou: Come on, now!

Emily gasps excitedly.

Brennan: You begin to walk.

Lou: [mournfully] The Ball...

Brennan: You lose sight of the beginning of the tunnel, your rope just snakes
back into darkness. You walk along, you hear [chittering] and something kind
of… primal. You feel things watching you and you hear [chittering] chitterings
off into the shadows. You walk past them. You hear other voices too. You
realize that things are watching you, and the chittering noises are what they
are hearing kind of from you. You're a little goblin slinking down a long dark
hall. [chittering] The light grows brighter, and you see the reason the light
looks so weird is you're actually not seeing the source of the light, and the,
the air quality is so bad here, so smoky, that there's actually a cone of
light. It's like from one of those like, overhead hanging lamps that has like
the wide-brimmed cone and a little like, pull chain on it. The kind you would
see in like, an interrogation room.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: And it's creating this pure cone of light and you see that there is a
heavy wooden chair and, covered in blood and excrement, waste, his clothes
rent over and over, is a gagged, dazed Pok Gukgak tied to the chair.

Riz: [stunned] Dad?

Murph: I run over and untie him.

Brennan: Make a Perception check for me real quick.

Lou: No...

Murph: God damn it. That's an eight.

Brennan: Cool, you rush towards him, and just as you're about to reach the
light, the rope pulls taut. If you untie yourself from the rope, you could go
further. But, the rope goes taut.

Lou: Come on, now.

Brennan: You see Pok is there in the chair, [labored breathing] head kind of
lolling, fully gagged here. You see that from outside of the light, like
somewhere else, you don't feel any other beings around you, they just sort of
materialize outside the light, a bucket full of some liquid splashes on him
and his skin begins to burn and smoke. [splashing and sizzling noises]

Murph: I feel like the rope tugging me is a little bit of a wake-up call. I'm
hoping this isn't real. I'm gonna shoot the interrogation light.

Brennan: Give me an attack roll.

Ally: Come on.

Murph: Yo, why am I rolling so bad. 18.

Emily: She's just in your head, that's why.

Murph: Just in case it's like, making an illusion or something.

Brennan: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Murph: It's pretty suspicious.

Brennan: You take the gun up, and you see that, you look and your father's gun
starts shaking in your hand. And a thought enters your mind unbidden. It may
feel in fact alien to Riz as though someone else put it there and you hear a
voice say, "You know what the kind thing to do with that gun would be.”

Players make various surprised expressions.

Murph: I'm going to holster my gun... and untie myself.

Siobhan gasps.

Brennan: You hear Kalina in your head goes,

Kalina: Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Kid, if you walk into that light you're not in
this little hiding place anymore. You will be in the Iron City of Dis, on a
whole other circle of hell from where your friends are. You will step into a
room full of devils. This little viewing gallery is a present, gratis of me.

Murph: What am I doing? I pull out the mirror.

Brennan: You see the mirror shows you your father. There is no illusion here.

Riz: Why is he there?

Kalina: You want to have this conversation here while we're looking at him or
you wanna step outside?

Murph: [sighs] I walk back out.

Brennan: You walk back out and you hear-- Do you speak Goblin at all?

Murph: Yes.

Brennan: You hear voices speaking in goblin, it's like [rasping noise],
hulking voices and you see they say, [harsh, raspy voice] "Confess! Tell us
what you know." [splashing and sizzling noises] And you are removed from there
and you get out to the ledge, and you see Kalina waiting for you. You see she
looks and says,

Kalina: You don't really think a dragon eating somebody would send them to
hell, do you? This is the great wheel. Riz, souls go where they're supposed to
go.

Riz: Why… Why are you showing me this? What is... You know I wanna free my
father. Are you two working together? Is that why the devils want my dad?

Kalina: Riz, sweetheart. Look, Kristen, Tracker; these are people that I have
fondness for but I, I just met them. You're special. You were born with me.
I've known you your entire life. I'm like your godmother. And the fact that
you are so cold to me, it feels... hurtful. I'm showing you this as a favor.
I'm showing you this as a token of good faith. Because, here's the thing Riz:
Maybe you get into the forest. Maybe I don't kill all of you right away; maybe
you make it all the way to catch up with the Abernants, stop them, put an end
to this ritual. Maybe. Maybe you only lose a couple of your closest friends.
Maybe you go back to Aguefort and you get to hand this crown back to that
crazy old coot. For him to lose it again. Or maybe… someone comes back. And if
that someone comes back, maybe they wrassle up all those demons that they've
worked with for so long, and we spring a little jailbreak for your dear old
pop. I know the stick doesn't always work by itself but now, I'd say you have
a pretty big carrot to consider, wouldn't you?

Riz: Yeah. [pauses] Did my dad know what you were?

Brennan smiles.

Murph: Can I do like, a real quick Insight check on her face as I say that?

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Insight check.

Murph: Come on. [rolls] The bad Murph rolls are back, baby. As soon as there's
a Riz episode baby, can't do it. Any other episode I'm good. That's still
okay, 16.

Kalina: So funny, kid. You have an opportunity right now to talk to someone
who actually knew your father. You were small. Do you really know how your dad
thought about you? He was away an awful lot. A very handsome man, gone for a
long time.

Riz: I know… I know what happened between you two, I can do the math.

Kalina: Remember Riz, your dad was a spy. Do you think everything your dad did
was good?

Riz: Obviously not.

Brennan: You see she smiles and is like,

Kalina: Heartbreaking, you know. I was with you watching that little crystal
of your dad, such a sweet message, kind of the only thing you have left of
him, right? Terrible. Or when you were with your friends at the cemetery and
didn't even mention that your dad was 10 feet away. It's real hard with dads.
Sorry to complicate his legacy but hey, it's all about the clues, right? Got
to find the truth no matter what. Keep digging, Riz, and think about what you
really want.

Brennan: [whooshing sound] She vanishes.

Murph: God damn.

Riz hisses.

Players laugh.

Lou: Oh.

Siobhan: Ugh!

Ally: Aah!

Lou: Wow.

Murph: I have [chuckling] a depressing theory.

Group laughs.

Siobhan: Oh, no.

Emily: You know I'm just upstairs, you can always talk to me.

Murph: Yeah, I guess I'll go upstairs.

Brennan: You walk back upstairs. You walk into the villa. You see Gilear kind
of poring over the tomes. You see he goes,

Gilear: Ah, Riz.

Riz: Hey Gilear. [chuckles]

Gilear: They have a kind of passionfruit yogurt here that's quite nice.

Riz: I would love some yogurt Gilear, thank you. Guys, I did something real
dumb. I did something real dumb.

Fig: Oh hey, sorry, I heard Riz's voice, what?

Riz: Hey Fig. The Shadow Cat came and she said she could show me my dad.

Fig: Uh-huh and you were like no, never, I'm not working with you!

Riz: No, I followed, I went down, I tied a rope, I was real safe with it but
then I cut the rope. She showed me that my dad is in hell and he's being
tortured and [strained] she had sex with my dad I think and I'm patient zero,
maybe?

Fig: Oh.

Murph laughs.

Fig: I'm really, I’m really sorry. Where is she and your dad now, and also do
we know this is true? Because she's planted a lot of falsehoods in you.

Riz: I know but I, the mirror, I brought a piece of the truth mirror and my
dad is in a different circle of hell, being tortured by other goblins.

Fig: What direction?

Brennan: Gilear--

Riz: Down?

Murph laughs.

Brennan: Yeah, Hangman says,

Hangman: Down.

Fig: Okay, so what circle of hell is that?

Riz: It was something with a D.

Brennan: Hold on one second. Oh, you see that the Hangman goes,

Hangman: It is only one layer down, the Iron City of Dis.

Fig: Yeah so what sin is that, or does it not line up like, ‘this is
gluttony’?

Brennan: You see that the Hangman says,

Hangman: The seven sins permeate all nine circles of hell.

Fig: Okay.

Riz: Truthfully I mean Kalina's right. I don't... super know my dad. I don't
think that he would do any of this intentionally but, I do think being… I do
think if he cheated on my mom with a demon, and then gave my mom a demon STI
and then she gave birth to me, a little demon baby, that might get you in
trouble with the devils.

Fig: Yeah.,

Riz: So even if he's not the worst, he could still be in hell.

Fig: Well... you're mad at your dad for giving your mom a demon STI but, if
you think about it this way, Sandra Lynn tried to have sex with Gilear after
she knew she had the STI so she's kind of doing the same thing. Everyone's
just spreading this STI around.

Gilear: We-- I just wanna jump in to interject if I may. The proposition of
your mother trying to sleep with me, it was less of a-- it wasn't a formal
sort of like, ‘I think we should’.

Riz: [nodding sagely] It was a fun, kind of flirty moment.

Gilear: It was just more of a pregnant pause, and then we kind of cut it off.
I don't want to-- I don't want to paint your mother in a light of, you know it
was like we were having a very intense conversation, and there was a moment
where there was a lot of healing, and there was a lot of closeness and
intimacy, and then you know, it's, maybe there, maybe there's--

Fig: Gross.

Gilear: Gross?! I'm very uncomfortable and a lot of this has magical
ramifications--

Riz: [yelling] Gilear, it's fine! It's fine Gilear!

Fig: It's fine Gilear, it's fine.

Gilear: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm crying.

Players laugh.

Fig: Do you want to go see your dad because--

Riz: I don't think...

Fig: 'Cause maybe you could ask your dad some of these questions.

Riz: I don't think we can--

Fig: Talk to the prisoners of hell.

Riz:  \--save him easily. Maybe Gorthalax can help us if we can get him back.

Fig: Or, do you know who's also down here, is Bill Seacaster.

Brennan: You see that the Hangman says,

Hangman: Master Fabian ordered me to send word to Captain Seacaster, and word
I have sent. Although it is hard to tell if one has reached Captain Bill
Seacaster because he is actively being pursued by all the armies of the Nine
Hells.

Riz: Right.

Fig: Right. Oh shit.

Riz: What a perfect person to bust out my dad.

Fig: Yeah, let's try to find Bill Seacaster, we'll bust out your dad and then
we'll get some answers. And if he's a piece of shit, then you can deal with
that later.

Riz: I saw him, he was in a rough way. I think that, whatever he did he's paid
for it, and we should just get him out.

Fig: All right, yeah.

Riz: There's no yeah, there's no level of-- he's my dad, I just wanna get him
out.

Fig:  Yeah, absolutely.

Riz:  Yeah.

Fig:  And I also think that it's very possible that she was-- Yeah I bet
there's, I know it messed up to say but there's probably people down here that
would have done relatable but bad things.

Riz: Yeah, yeah, I think maybe we can talk to Bill Seacaster.

Fig: Okay.

Brennan: You see that The Hangman says,

Hangman: I have done my best to send word but perhaps--

Brennan: You see that Wretchrot speaks up and says,

Baby: [giggling ] M'lady. Seeing as you are the current Belle Dame of the
Bottomless Pit, perhaps you would light the beacon. This would allow at least
Captain Seacaster to know where the missive was coming from. Perhaps light a
little signal fire for the archdevil himself.

Fig: Lighting a beacon in hell, what could go wrong?

Baby: [cackling delightedly] So much!

Fig: Should we?

Riz nods.

Fig: Yeah, let's do it.

Brennan: You see that there is--

Fig: We don't need Kalina to get him out, okay? Just don't let her pretend,
like, that you need her to get him out.

Brennan: You see that there is a black spinning wheel, like an old sort of
like loom spinning wheel in the corner with like, a pin sticking out of it and
you see Wretchrot says,

Brennan: Simply prick your finger on the pin of the spinning wheel and the
beacon will be lit.

Fig: [grinning] All for you, Riz.

Fig winks.

Riz: Wait, don't say that!

Brennan: You see the wheel spins [revving noise] and [hissing noise] you see
fire flashes through all of the mirrors in this little villa and a roaring
flame belches from the Bottomless Pit and shoots up into the sky, in the midst
of all the bodies falling to the Bottomless Pit.

Fig: I light another cigarette on the beacon.

Brennan imitates the sound of roaring flames.

Murph chuckles.

Brennan: You see The Hangman says,

Hangman: The beacon lit. Let us hope that those potentates don't, I don't
know, get mad at us.

Murph laughs.

Fig: If they do, I'll just be like ‘I was looking for a lighter’!

Riz: Yeah, quit being a nerd, Hangman.

Riz playfully shoves the Hangman

Emily laughs.

Hangman: You--

Fig: Hangman, let him have it. Hangman, let him have this. What did he just
do? Let him have this.

Hangman: All right, I'm intimidated, all right.

Fig: Take him for a ride, Hangman.

Hangman: [begrudgingly] Hop on, The Ball.

Murph: Just sobbing on the back of the Hangman.

Brennan: Cool. Go ahead you guys and make one last Investigation check for me
if you'd be so kind.

Ally: Come on.

Lou: Shit got wild in hell.

Adaine: Yeah.

Emily: Mm-hmm. 12!

Ally: [seeing Murph’s roll] Ay!

Murph: 29.

Emily: Oh, you got something really good? Okay.

Brennan: 29?

Emily: Wow.

Brennan: You discover a clause that pertains to mortals, can ascend to the
throne of an archdevil if they are direct descendants of that devil and
perform a coup. Now, everything in the language around performing a coup seems
to imply fatality, that you kill your thing; but you actually find, on a 29, a
little loophole, which is the actual operative language is simply ‘defeat’. If
you'll recall—

Riz: [pointing at Fig] You defeated him. [sobbing] You already defeated him.

Fig: Oh, 'cause I put him in a gem?

Murph: I'm just sobbing.

Riz: [gestures to book] Yeah, you already beat him, it's a clause.

Fig: [sympathetically] Oh!

Riz: Saving clues will help! Solving mysteries helps.

Fig: You're right. [emotionally] I am the rightful king of hell.

Brennan: Gilear says—

Riz: Or at least of this little house.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: Okay I'm, I’m gonna step in as a parent now.

Players laugh.

Gilear: We're gonna all eat and we're gonna drink some water and we're gonna
lie down, okay?

Riz: We found a clause, Gilear.

Gilear: I know you did Riz, it's all right. I know you did, I know you did.

Gorgug: Everyone's dads are fine in hell.

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: Great, we're going to jump back to Arborly. Cool. Arborly gang, what
are you guys doing after the Aguefort call?

[lighting transitions from red to blue]

Adaine: Yeah I had a thought, which was, we bought all of these ingredients--
Hallow.

Siobhan: We'll go to the Hallow.

Brennan: Cool, you guys go to the Hallow.

Adaine: We bought all of these ingredients to make a tincture to get Kalina
out of our heads. Why did my mom buy those ingredients if she's working with
Kalina?

Gorgug: So that, the ingredients they have are also for that same thing.

Adaine: Right but why is she trying to get rid of Kalina in her head if she's
working with Kalina?

Fabian: Wasn't it that these are the things they bought to perform some kind
of ritual and there was just some overlap with regard to the tincture that we
needed to make, and we actually still need more ingredients that are inside of
the forest--

Gorgug: But that one key ingredient, the [mumbling quietly] mushroom.

Fabian: What?

Adaine: [hushed] The moss?

Emily laughs.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn says,

Sandra Lynn: What?

Adaine: Nothing!

Fabian: Nothing.

Gorgug: Nothing.

Fabian: Adventurer stuff, no hirelings!

Adaine: Science, science!

Kristen: By the way, can I have a couple little baggies?

Gorgug: Yes, we can deal with that later.

Kristen: Here's my wallet. You asked for it. Did you want to hold my wallet?

Emily laughs.

Gorgug: [offended] I don't want to hold your wallet!

Adaine: You can hold my wallet.

Kristen: Do you wanna just hold it?

Gorgug: I don't wanna hold anyone's wallet!

Fabian: [conspiratorially] I think this is how a drug deal happens.

Gorgug:  Listen!

Fabian: I think.

Gorgug: Look, listen--

Kristen: Here.

Kristen throws her wallet in Gorgug’s direction. It flies over his shoulder
and he whirls around to look at it.

Gorgug: Listen.

Players laugh.

Gorgug: What-- What if your mom and your sister are doing the exact same thing
we're doing where they have to trick the Shadow Cat?

There is a pause as everyone considers this.

Kristen: No--

Fabian: Hold on. Wait.

Gorgug: Like, they have to be outwardly mean.

Fabian: So they're like on, we're all on the same team?

Gorgug:  I don't know, I mean--

Kristen: But it seemed like your mom was so obsessed with this character from
looking at her notes, right?

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: It seemed like,

Ally: Can we look at those notes again? Can I...

Brennan: Yeah. You guys-- We don't have to go over all of them. Arianwen did
extensive study into the nature of the Shadow Cat, the Nightmare King, her
notes were pretty comprehensive. A lot of the unnamed goddess, like...

Ally: So this is a roll you know, feel free to say no, [grinning] but this is
like an empath roll--

Players laugh.

Ally: \--so like can I re-look at these notes and see if I feel like, a little
bit of love or obsession here? Or is this just strictly info?

Brennan: I will allow you to make an Insight check with disadvantage.

Ally: Oh, okay, okay, yeah.

Siobhan: I'll help Kristen on this one.

Brennan: Okay, so it's a straight roll to get an empath read on someone
through notes.

Ally: I just feel like I can pick up on like, vibes.

Emily: Ooh, this is such a Kristen Applebees moment.

Siobhan: Like, ‘I know this person, even though she's very hard to read’.

Ally: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Cool, let's see it.

Ally: So wait, so wait. Should you be doing the rolling, you know your mom
more than me.

Siobhan: Wait, how high is your insight? Because mine is six.

Ally: Oh mine, I'm good on that.

Siobhan: Oh great, then I'll give Kristen the help action.

Ally: I've... seen her.

Siobhan laughs.

Brennan: Cool, let's see what you roll.

Ally: Okay not bad, 24.

Brennan: 24.

Siobhan: All right, okay. Wait, advan-- oh no, flat, you're right.

Ally: Are there like, little hearts around ‘Shadow Cat and me’?

Brennan: You don't find anything in the notes like that.

Siobhan: Lipstick stains...

Brennan: With a 24 and you're looking for like, love or like, devotion in
these notes?

Ally: Yeah, 'cause it doesn't quite make sense why she's going against all of
the other high elves.

Brennan: Why she's going against all the other high elves, exactly. You look
at this; with a 24 insight, there are leaps that Arianwen makes in her
research that are just too damn lucky.

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: Just going through the-- In other words it looks like as she was
researching all this, that, some other entity that knew a tremendous amount
about this subject matter, was helping her research the entire time.

Ally: Oh, okay. You know, that person themselves?

Brennan: Maybe that person themselves.

Siobhan: Yeah, maybe it's like, you know when a celebrity writes their
autobiography but there's somebody else who's actually doing the writing and
then you just meet for coffee like six times and tell them their stories.

Ally: [laughing] Yeah.

Emily: Yeah.

Kristen: Is she, your mom was a ghostwriter.

Adaine: Yes.

Ally: For Portia de Rossi.

Group laughs.

Ally: [laughing] No, okay.

Lou: Sorry Portia.

Siobhan: Well I'm never gonna see Shadow Cat the same, it's just Portia de
Rossi now.

Brennan: Someone please make a supercut of all of Ally Beardsley's pop-culture
references throughout this season.

Group laughs.

Brennan: If you told me at the beginning of the day I was gonna hear the name
Portia de Rossi, I would have said no fucking way.

Siobhan: No, but if you were gonna hear from Portia de Rossi, who at this
table---

Brennan: It'd be Beardsley 100%, yeah. Of course. Obviously.

Ally: Absolute. Big fan, big fan.

Zac: I wrote this down earlier and I don't know if it means anything.

Siobhan: Okay.

Gorgug: But the demonic text that was like, researched by I think your mom.

Adaine: Mm-hmm.

Gorgug: We talked about the infernals and the warlocks that helped set up the
barrier.

Adaine: Yeah.

Gorgug: That was requisitioned by Pok Gukgak.

Adaine: Oh, from the library?

Gorgug: Yeah, right?

Adaine: Well also, we were talking about the spell book being a coin but if
the sanctum is also a curse-- If the coin is a cursed coin and then the
sanctum is also a curse, maybe the coin-- maybe I'm overthinking things. It's
so confusing.

Fabian: There's a lot going on.

Brennan: You see Tracker speaks up and says,

Tracker: Well... if this was a, if this was like a witch goddess, witches
primarily deal in curses, so it's not necessarily unusual that a lot of curse
magic, I mean, because a curse is kind of just like a pejorative for a certain
type of magic, right? Because a curse can be Enchantment, it can be
Transmutation, like... So it's possible… if...

Brennan: Tracker's gonna make a roll.

[Brennan rolls]

Brennan: Yeah, Tracker looks up and says,

Tracker: Yeah there's a lot … Yeah, it'd be great to know, to be able to talk
to either Arianwen, or to know what it was that Pok requisitioned.

Adaine: I mean I can, I... should I talk to Arianwen? It seems crazy.

Kristen: How would you do it?

Adaine: Oh well, I could Sending to her, and then I cast this spell that Ayda
Aguefort gave me where I put a key in her pocket and then we go to this
honestly rad crystal place, like a meet-in-the-middle situation.

Fabian: Does it seem like, scary/dangerous if in fact she decides to like,
hoodwink you and mess you up?

Adaine: That is, that is a thing that I'm worried about.

Fabian: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah. Can, I mean... and I can't take anybody else in there I don't
think, it's just a wizard thing.

Brennan: You get a Sending message from Ayda saying that she would love to...
message from Ayda that says,

Ayda: Hello Adaine. Cast Find Familiar, wonderful spell. May I teleport to
Arborly?

Adaine: Yes, please do, absolutely. Hell yeah, what, what familiar did you
get? I'll see. I'm excited. Your friend, Adaine.

Brennan: [hissing and whooshing sounds] In a flash of fire Ayda Aguefort
appears. Everywhere here make an Insight check, that's in Arborly.

Ally: Yeah, 26.

Brennan: 26?

Siobhan: 17.

Brennan: Kristen: hasn't slept, just like, tweaked a little bit.

Ally: Oh wow.

Kristen: Hi Ayda.

Ayda: Hello. Friends, Adaine. Hello, good to see you.

Brennan: And you see from behind her giant wings, a sphere of water with
little sort of [bubbling noises] comes out and a full tropical fish in a
floating thing of water swims out.

Emily laughs.

Adaine: I love it!

Siobhan: Can I put Boggy in the sphere of water?

Brennan: Boggy is so happy in the sphere of water. Boggy and this fish
immediately start playing. See the fish also-- the fish appears very serene
but does have a very wide-eyed expression and you see Ayda says,

Ayda: The familiar has been extremely helpful, thank you so much for--

Adaine: What's the name?

Ayda: I wanted to give it a very special name, but I couldn't think of
anything as clever as Boggariel Frogariel. I... named it in honor of, it's the
name of m-- Sorry. [breathes deeply] The name of my familiar is Garthy and
Adaine the Fish.

Adaine: [delightedly] I love it!

Group laughs.

Gorgug: Garthy and Adaine the Fish?

Ayda: I wanted to name the fish after two very important people in my life.

Fabian: I thought it might be something like Fig Jr, but who knows.

Kristen: Oh, yeah.

Emily: [mock-offended] I guess I see where I fucking stand.

Brennan:  [laughing] Ayda says,

Ayda: [flustered] I thought it would be overly--- I thought it would be, If I
named it, I didn’t want to-- because it could come across, because it is my
understanding—

Fabian: It was a good call, I’m being catty.

Adaine: I think so.

Emily snickers.

Adaine: You could call it GAF.

Gorgug: GAF?

Ayda: GAF?

Adaine: Garthy Adaine Fish, GAF!

Ayda: That is many fewer syllables.

Adaine: Yes.

Ayda: Yes, absolutely.

Adaine: And then in formal situations--

Ayda: Garthy and Adaine the Fish, yes. GAF, GAF, GAF, GAF. GAF rolls off the
tongue more easily. An immense improvement. An incredible wizard, thank you
for your help. [intensely] We need to get Fig right now.

Kristen: What, why?

Gorgug: Why? I mean, we do want to get her but, I mean—

Kristen: Out of hell?

Gorgug: Is there a specific reason? [knowing expression]

Ayda: You've done something with your face...

Emily laughs.

Fabian: [grinning] Well we're just wondering is there something, is there some
[raises eyebrows] business that she needs to [raises eyebrows] attend to?

Ayda: Did Adaine not tell you? There is a high probability that myself and Fig
are girlfriends. It remains—

Kristen: Hoo! That is great!

Fabian: Woo! Wow, I did not think we were gonna get there so quickly. I
thought we were gonna have to tease that out of you.

Emily laughs.

Ayda: Why, did I say it too quickly?

Kristen: No, no, you said it perfect.

Adaine: You said it exactly the right speed.

Kristen: Being straightforward is the way to go.

Adaine: We all love this information.

Kristen: Welcome to the family.

Ally: We shake hands.

Kristen and Ayda shake hands.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Ayda: What family is that?

Kristen: When you're here, you're family. It's called being gay.

Group laughs.

Kristen: There's a weird amount of breadsticks.

Brennan: You see—

Siobhan: Adaine is taking notes. ‘Wow, breadsticks, okay’.

Brennan: You see Ayda looks up and says,

Ayda: Yes, Kristen is of course correct. I am gay and I would like to get Fig
back as soon as possible. Are there any other issues I can clear up before we
dive into the discussion at hand?

Fabian: It’s not as fun when they just say it.

Kristen: What's our plan?

Ayda: Are we trying to optimize for fun, should I have made this more fun?

Fabian: No, no, just never mind.

Adaine: You know what is gonna be fun?

Fabian: What's that?

Adaine: Fig.

Fabian: Okay, yes.

Ayda: Why will Fig be fun? What have you done?

Adaine: Because Fig's really fun!

Kristen: Skateboard.

Adaine: Yeah.

Ayda: You're putting an emphasis and meaning on things under the surface and I
would like you all to speak plainly.

Kristen: Everywhere that Fig is she tries to set up a real quick teen corner,
and I like that about her.

Players laugh.

Gorgug: So just to be straightforward--

Adaine: [giggling] Or, an only adult corner.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Sometimes.

Gorgug: Sometimes, it seems like Fig is shy about her personal relationships,
maybe…?

Kristen: Hmm.

Gorgug: Where… that's just maybe what--

Adaine: Or, she thinks she's shy and is actually extremely open in a way
that's very sweet.

Ayda: I agree, she's the sweetest person I know.

Kristen: Aww.

Fabian: Wow, this is very cute.

Kristen: You're in it now.

Fabian: This is very cute.

Kristen: So we can't get into hell, that was the issue.

Emily laughs.

Kristen: Yeah, we did get blocked by thorns.

Brennan: You see she looks and says,

Ayda: Very well, can I show you guys my research?

Adaine: Yes.

Brennan: [whooshing noise] Scrolls cover the place, all this like Compass
Points stuff spreads out.

Kristen: Does anyone want a Yerba Mate?

Adaine: Oh my goodness, I would love one.

Fabian: No, do you still have the ice cream--

Ayda: I would love a Yerba Mate.

Kristen: Here you go.

Ayda reaches for the drink and instantly downs it.

Kristen: A gourd for you-- oh!

Emily: Not a cortado?

Ally: No cortados.

Brennan: You see that Ayda says,

Ayda: I have locked down the Compass Points and put Rawlins in charge and
given him a magical blunderbuss, so the library is closed for the moment. I
have taken all our most powerful offensive spells, brought them here, as well
as begun research on a Plane Shift spell.

Gorgug: Awesome.

Fabian: Wow.

Ayda: Sorry. GAF has been a real help. [rapidly] I didn't rest at all last
night because I've been working the research as fast as possible. I think the
fastest-- I just need to destroy these devils, it's fine.

Adaine: No, no, no, we don't need to destroy any devils.

Gorgug: Are you okay? Feel like you're really stressed out and... I don't know
that that-- I think we want to be our most cogent selves while we’re dealing
with stuff.

Kristen: Yeah, I understand though. If Tracker was in hell, I would probably
be weeping.

Ally: And I like, rub Ayda's fiery back.

Brennan: You feel incredibly tense muscles relax and she... fully starts
crying.

Kristen: Yeah, it's scary.

Ayda: [choked up] You know I have more than one lifetime of notes to sample
from and in none of them did I ever find someone like this. So, I know that
it's very early but it's very special and—

Siobhan: I pull an ice cream sandwich out of Kristen's ice cream sandwich bag
and…

Adaine hands an ice cream sandwich to Ayda.

Kristen: Oh yeah, of course--

Ayda: [tearfully] What is this, it's colder than normal?

Adaine: It's an ice cream sandwich. Eat it, it'll help.

Siobhan: I also eat one.

Ayda: An ice cream sandwich?

Fabian: Yes.

Lou: I’ll take one as well.

Kristen: Here you go, yeah, I have unlimited so, anyone...?

Kristen passes out ice cream sandwiches to everyone.

Brennan: It immediately gets melty as it gets close to her fiery face. She
bites it and goes,

Ayda: [sniffs] This is the best sandwich I've ever had.

Kristen: Yeah, right?

Adaine: Isn't it delicious?

Ayda: What is this?

Adaine: It's ice cream and cookies.

Kristen: Yeah.

Ayda: I don't know what ice cream is.

Gorgug: Ice cream--

Kristen: Oh it's--

Gorgug: Cold milk.

Ayda: Cold sugar milk?

Kristen: Cold sugar milk.

Ayda: I don't know why I've been on Leviathan this whole time. Where you come,
from if it has these, that seems great.

Ayda devours the rest of the sandwich.

Ayda: Oh, I haven't eaten in a long time.

Kristen: Oh, let's get you some food. I think there's still some cold frittata
around.

Adaine: Yeah, there's a lot of warm shrimp.

Fabian: And shrimp.

Gorgug: The crab's not good anymore.

Adaine: Yeah, it's pretty stinky.

Fabian: Don't eat the crab.

Ayda: I won't eat the crab.

Gorgug: It's been outside in the sun.

Ally: I come up with a little frittata that has some feta cheese on the top.

Brennan: She eats it.

Ayda: Life is significantly better around you all.

Kristen: Aw.

Adaine: You're great.

Ayda: You're great.

Adaine: How's your research?

Ayda: It's going very well. I want you to know that I, I know that I seem
upset, but I'm not upset. You were the first person to find out, apparently,
that Fig and I had kissed. These devils likely don't know that Fig is a
wizard's paramour. They don't know the horrible mistake they've made. They
don't know the terrible vengeance that will be brought down on their heads,
they don't know. It's not personal, they're doing what devils do.

Adaine: Ayda, the devils didn't kidnap her.

Kristen: She went in willingly.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: We could start an all-out war against hell, but since our plate is
still pretty full with trying to stop--

Brennan chuckles silently.

Adaine: Yeah, I don't know we're looking into extra credit for our spring
break right now.

Gorgug: Let's not undervalue the abilities of everyone who went into hell—

Kristen: To come back out?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Ayda: No, I understand. But I just want--

Adaine: What if I Sending to Fig right now? That can go--

Siobhan: It can go across planes, right?

Brennan: Sending? I believe, why don't you look that up. As Adaine opens her
spell book Ayda says,

Ayda: I know. I'm not-- You know, if I had thought ahead I would have sent
missives to all the planes of the outer, of the great wheel that the wizard
Ayda Aguefort had come into the contact of a paramour and that none should
harm her lest they face the wrath of a wizard. I should have done that. I
didn't think to do that, but ultimately--

Kristen: That's kind of the step one in your first queer relationship.

Group laughs.

Kristen: Just a big world wide warning.

Ayda: Not just one world, all the worlds. All the worlds.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah.

Ayda: But, it's important: I don't hold a personal vendetta against the
devils. I don't want to torture them or teach them a lesson, I'm just going
to... unravel them. I'm just going to take them apart into their component
ideas and discard them at the edge of time and space. You know, I'm going to,
if any of them have hurt Fig, I'm just going to erase-- no erase is not the
right word, because when you erase something there's still--

Siobhan: I’ll Send--

Adaine: I can Send to Fig. There's just a 5% chance of it failing.

Ayda: Okay.

Adaine: But I'll take that chance.

Kristen: Yeah, it's not so bad.

Brennan: Great. Great, great, great. Go ahead and--

Adaine: What do you want me to...?

Kristen: I say: Dear Fig, we're here with Ayda.

Adaine: Fig, you sneaky little bitch.

Kristen: Yep, Fig you sneaky little bitch.

Adaine: We're here with Ayda, she wants to invade hell, you good? P.S. Oo-oo-
oo-oo-ooh!

Kristen: PPS\--

Ally: And then do we have enough room in sending to kind of explain this like
dragon curse that might be the host.

Zac: It's 25 words so we're probably like about 18 into it.

Fabian: Then just PPS Dragon madness?

Kristen: PPS Dragon madness 69.

Adaine: PPS Ask Kalvaxus about dragon madness?

Kristen: Ooh. Sure.

Adaine: Great.

Brennan: Cool. Fig you receive that.

Emily: Okay, so what is the message I received?

Ally laughs.

Emily: Like what actually made the final cut?

Adaine: ‘Fig, you sneaky bitch. We're here with Ayda’.

Siobhan: Let me just roll my D100 to make sure that it gets through. Just to
do my due diligence-- Yeah it does.

Brennan: Cool, great.

Siobhan: ‘Fig, you sneaky little bitch. Ayda's here, she wants to invade hell,
you good? P.S. ask Kalvaxus about dragon madness’.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: ‘PPS, ooh!’

Siobhan: [laughing] Oh yes, don't forget the ‘ooh’.

Emily: I think from that I don't think I would know that you know, right?

Group laughs.

Emily: “You sneaky little bitch. Ayda is here”, I don't think I would be like
oh, they're onto me. So I think I would just--

Riz: They're mad at us for going into hell without them.

Emily: Yeah, I tell Riz.

Fig: Yeah that's what that's what Adaine is implying, right? Why is Adaine
emphasizing the Ayda thing, I was wondering.

Riz: [leaning forward, trying to get close to Fig’s face] I have no reason to
believe anything else, right?

Siobhan laughs.

Fig: I don't know, what else would you think?

Riz: Cool, now that we're just being honest with each other about everything.

Zac: [while standing up] I'll see you guys later. [exits]

Emily: I haven't told you a lie.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Since we've been in hell.

Siobhan: Quesadilla time.

Lou: Quesadilla time. [sing-song] Quesadilla time!

Emily: I guess...

Fig: I'm gonna just...

Riz: Tell them to come here, right, if they can.

Fig: I guess I'm gonna say: Cool, I hope you're having fun with Ayda, but not
too much fun.

Riz: What?

Group laughs.

Murph: So many words.

Fig: But not too much fun. I hope it's more fun when I'm there.

Group laughs.

Ally: You're blushing, you're blushing right now.

Murph: I see your mouth moving and I'm just like:

Riz: [motioning frantically] No, no!

Fig: I'm king of hell now. Finding Bill Seacaster and saving Riz's dad, we'll
swing by Kalvaxus.

Murph: What!

Brennan: A million miles outside of 25 words, I'm pretty sure.

Players laugh.

Murph: And yet, none of them told them that we need them here.

Fig: I mean, I don't know what they were trying to imply.

Riz: Should we tell them to come here?

Fig: Yeah.

Ally: So that was a first draft.

Emily: Okay, first draft. I'll go back to,

Brennan starts keeping track of words on his fingers.

Fig: Cool, that you're with Ayda, have fun but not too much fun lol--

Emily: \--is one word.

Players laugh.

Fig: No, but really.

Players laugh.

Fig: I'm King now. Looking for--

Emily: What am I at?

Brennan: You're at 18.

Fabian: Riz's dad and Seacaster. You could join?

Murph: Okay!

Brennan: 25! That comes back and as soon as you say, "You could join?", Ayda
looks at that and says,

Ayda: She wants us there, she's being polite.

Kristen: She's king?

Fabian: Hold up, yeah.

Adaine: I don’t think that that means—

Fabian: You picked up on the wrong things. She's king? Also, did they say
they're looking for Riz's dad?

Murph laughs.

Fabian: Riz's dead dad?

Adaine: Riz's dead dad?

Kristen: In hell?

Adaine: In hell!

Kristen: Hold on, is she king of like a shrimp party, is this some sort of
weird brag?

Fabian: Maybe it's a disguise. She's currently disguised as a king of some
kind.

Adaine: Oh, that's probably what it is.

Fabian: Yeah.

Emily laughs.

Zac re-enters.

Kristen: All right Ayda, how do we get to hell? Let's do it.

Ayda: Well it's very simple. We just simply don't have the time, so--

Fabian: Don't say--

Ayda: Well we don't have the time to research Plane Shift. I need a couple
more days and by then it might be too late. So what we should do is... You are
students of the Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

Adaine: Yes.

Ayda: If you were to call upon him to arrive, to send up a warning as a
student, I could potentially steal his watch from him and pause us long enough
to research Plane Shift in enough time to get there right now.

Gorgug: Do we need to steal it from him?

Kristen: Okay, so we're gonna call Aguefort and jump him.

Fabian: We're gonna fight Arthur Aguefort?

Kristen: And that's how we get to Fig's kingdom.

Adaine: The man grew to 80 feet tall and pulled the sun out of the sky and you
think that we can distract him for long enough to steal his watch?

Zac: Can I… can I sneak away and call Aguefort?

Brennan: Yes, you can. Ayda has once again launched into a thing where she's
like,  

Ayda: Look it's very simple, there are lots of magic that devils just won't be
expecting. You know, you can use their true name and again, I just want
them... I don't just want them gone from reality, I want the space they
occupied in reality to be gone as well.

Adaine: Okay, that seems like it would create some kind of power vacuum that
we don't necessarily need to be doing since Fig does sound—

Ayda: [loudly] I think that it's important to draw firm boundaries!

Fabian: Whoa...

Adaine: I hear you, I think that Fig sounded fine and if Fig wasn't fine,
she'd tell us.

Ayda: Okay. She lies about being middle-aged women sometimes, maybe she's
lying about being okay, or maybe a devil is forcing her to say that.

Adaine: She doesn't lie to us, though.

Ayda: Okay, that's good.

Brennan: Gorgug, you step outside.

Adaine: I mean, sometimes she keeps secrets.

Gorgug: I'm sorry, just to clarify: Do we actually want to get the watch from
Aguefort?

Adaine: I mean, yeah I mean, we can try.

Zac: I'm gonna peel off and, and just give Aguefort a call.

Brennan: Cool. Rings a little bit,

Aguefort: Hello, this is Arthur Aguefort.

Gorgug: Hey Arthur Aguefort, this is Gorgug speaking.

Aguefort: Or is it Gorgug's desk?

Zac: Pressing one, pressing one.

(laughing)

Aguefort: Hello?

Gorgug: Is this the real--?

Aguefort: Yep.

Gorgug: Okay. Hey, Professor Aguefort, I was just calling because-- So we're
in the middle of our Nightmare King stuff and we're also working with your
daughter, Ayda.

Aguefort: You're working with Ayda?

Gorgug: Yeah, she's helping us. We're in a bit of a pickle and I don't want
to... overstep but I think your daughter... would benefit from a relationship
with her father. She's seemingly pretty lost in some ways, and I think that
although she's very powerful, I think that, I don't know, are you a part of
her life at all?

Aguefort: This is very surprising. Has she asked you to deliver this message
to me?

Gorgug: No, this is just sort of what I've noticed from the outside. ‘Cause I
feel like it is a tough thing to be looking for your parent, and seeking
something there. It's hard, and she's admitted that she's basically raised
herself, and, over and over again. And also can we borrow your watch, I think
is the other thing?

Players laugh.

Gorgug: Because she was suggesting that we steal it from you and I don't think
that any of us want to do that.

Aguefort: No, you don't want to steal my watch from me. I would bring down
such thunder upon your heads.

Gorgug: Okay, yeah, I bet.

Aguefort: I will be happy to come and help you if Ayda wishes it... 300 years
ago Ayda told me to never contact her again.

Gorgug: Hmm.

Aguefort: I assume that she has reconstituted since then, but I was, I have
never been a very present man. Excessive time travel does leave one feeling...
largely unmoored I suppose, but no, that moment is crystal clear in my memory.
I suppose if she has changed her mind or--

Gorgug: Well she's, you know, if she's constantly coming back, then whoever
said that is not who's here now.

Aguefort: I understand; she made it quite clear that she would leave notes
instructing her future self to-- If I am wrong, I am wrong. By all means,
please tell… I rather don't know how to handle this. If it’s the use of-- she
wants to reach out to me just for the use of my watch, is that correct?

Gorgug: Well right now we were looking to borrow the watch so we could pause
time, research Plane Shift, go to hell, get our friends, come back from hell,
keep doing the Nightmare thing.

Aguefort: Sounds like you guys are doing great on your spring break.

Gorgug: We're just kind of running out of time and I'm honestly so exhausted.

Players laugh.

Aguefort: I understand. By the way, I overheard that you did the right thing
with Zelda, that's really good call my guy. Well done.

Gorgug: Why did you hear that?

Players laugh.

Aguefort: I was at that party.

Gorgug: You were at that party?

Siobhan: Oh no.

Emily: Wow.

Lou: Creepy.

Emily: Problematic!

Gorgug: Isn’t it like, a teen party?

Lou: No, no, no.

Aguefort: Yes, my boy! I needed to make sure my students were safe. I was
disguised as an owl.

Emily: Oh no, not an owl!

Siobhan: That's so much worse.

Ally: Oh no.

Gorgug: So much worse.

Aguefort: They made me the beer pong mascot!

Siobhan: Oh boy.

Emily: Oh dear, oh dear.

Aguefort: I was on a perch at the middle line, I was calling sides.

Gorgug: That seems pretty fun I guess, if I was at a party and there's an owl
just being the ref of the beer pong game. I would enjoy that. But look, look,
look.

Group laughs.

Gorgug: Would you just... can we just skip ahead to where you lend us the
watch?

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see that he looks at you and says,

Aguefort: It seems like what Ayda wants is a watch. And perhaps... I don't
know.

Brennan: He says,

Aguefort: I'm doing something right now.

Gorgug: Cooking, or?

Emily laughs.

Brennan: No, he holds his hand over the watch and you feel a weight in your
hoodie pocket of his watch appearing. You see he says,

Aguefort: I've set this for seven days, which should be enough time if Ayda
and young Miss Abernant are working together. ...I suppose, mention what I've
told you to Ayda, and if she wishes to reach out to me, or if she wants me to
reach out-- I suppose mention what I've said to Ayda.

Gorgug: Wait, the 300 years thing or which part?

Aguefort: Yes.

Gorgug: Okay. Yeah, I will.

Aguefort: I very much appreciate that, thank you.

Gorgug: Of course.

Brennan: He says,

Aguefort: Goodbye Gorgug.

Gorgug: Goodbye.

Aguefort: After the seven days are up the watch will return to me, so use your
time wisely and I will speak with you soon.

Gorgug: Okay. Wait, you're not cooking though?

Players laugh.

Aguefort: I have a panini on a small grill, but I wouldn't call that cooking
necessarily.

Gorgug: Give yourself credit where credit’s due.

Brennan: You see—

Siobhan: Maybe we should buy Gilear a panini press. Maybe he can be a panini
guy.

Brennan: Don't buy Gilear a panini press.

Siobhan: I just think that maybe he could just diversify his diet a little
bit.

Brennan: Cool, you walk back inside as Ayda is there with everybody else.

Gorgug: Sup, guys.

Kristen: So the shrimp goes down the lobster, flips off the tail, catch it in
your mouth. Last one to eat nine--

Adaine: Nine shrimp.

Kristen: \--is out, and then you move on to the next eat.

Emily:  What?!

Fabian: If you lose you become a living shrimp and you have to walk around
saying [dancing] ‘I'm a little shrimp’.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn, says,

Sandra Lynn: What did you learn outside?

Fabian: Oh.

Kristen: What's up?

Gorgug: So I had a good productive phone call with, you know, your dad.

Ayda: Oh.

Fabian: What?

Ayda: You went outside to call my dad.

Fabian: We don't have to beat him up?

Gorgug: No, no, no we're not—

Fabian: Damn it.

Kristen: Is he on his way?

Gorgug: He gave me--

Gorgug holds up the watch.

Kristen: Whoa!

Adaine: Oh, okay!

Fabian: Wow!

Gorgug: And just so you know, he said that... I don't know how you feel about
it but, he said that the last time you talked was like 300 years ago and it
was-- and stop me if I'm saying something you already know, but you didn't
want ever talk to him again. And if that's not true, he said that like, you
could reach out to him or he could reach out to you. Just throwing that out
there. I don't want to stick my nose too far into your business.

Ayda: Sorry, 300 years?

Gorgug: That's what he said.

Brennan: Ayda sits down, starts crying and goes,

Ayda: I really wish Fig were here. I didn't know I was that old.

Fabian: Oh.

Gorgug: Well you're kind of not.

Ayda: I have notes from three previous lifetimes. ...They go back about 150
years and the very earliest note starts with an apology, because me, or she,
destroyed all of my previous notes. ...She said she wanted to start over, be
someone new, and then decades later she regretted it and started keeping notes
again. [wipes tears] I hate her so much.

Adaine: You can't hate yourself.

Ayda: Yes you can. It's very possible.

Adaine: No, I mean it only hurts yourself if you hate yourself.

Ayda: Then in that case, someone a long time ago made a decision to try and
get away from something and then made that decision for every person after
them as well.

Gorgug: Well, I mean maybe next time around you can give yourself notes that
say that you're allowed to make whatever choice you want.

Kristen: Yeah, it's really kind of-- You can think about how much change you
want to make in hundreds of years and that, really overwhelming but if you
think just, each time it gets a little bit better.

Adaine: Yeah, you just have to be better than your parents.

Kristen: Exactly, yeah, and for some of us that's really easy.

Adaine: But in this case your parent is you. Yes.

Brennan: She laughs.

Ayda lets out a laugh reminiscent of a bird’s screech.

Adaine: Yeah, me and Kristen are—

Kristen: I mean I could just stop now.

Adaine: We're really doing great, yeah. We’re so far ahead.

Emily laughs.

Kristen: I've already brought the family line forward twofold.

Adaine: Oh, yeah.

Kristen: But for you, yeah, just your next lifetime and your notes can be a
little bit gentler and a little bit more positive and it could make a huge
difference.

Adaine: Gorgug's gonna have to work really hard, his parents are amazing.

Kristen: Yeah, your parents are—

Gorgug: My parents are very sweet.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah.

Fabian: Cool parents.

Ayda: [sighs] I will process that in my own time,--

Kristen: Do you want to pretend like Fig is impersonating me and hug me?

Emily laughs.

Brennan: She comes over.

Kristen: I don't want to kiss you but I, just, you know.

Brennan: Tracker looks over at you and says—

Kristen: I just need Tracker you know this isn't a sex thing.

Emily: Oh my god, would everyone stop hitting on my freaking girlfriend! Stay
away!

Group laughs.

Gorgug: I feel like Fig would be pretty happy.

Players laugh.

Adaine: I think GAF is really great, but Find Familiar, you can have all kinds
of familiars and I'm just… As a thing that maybe you could think about,
something cuddlier than a fish?

Kristen: Oh yeah, something you can touch because if you're fire, I'm sure if
you touch the fish it would be a panini.

Adaine: Delicious.

Players laugh.

Brennan: She looks at the fish and says,

Ayda: Oh, a more cuddly animal. Yes, that makes sense. Something that you
could hold.

Kristen: Or like a really soft barbecue briquette.

Emily: Oh, cute.

Brennan: You see she says—

Adaine: Salamander.

Kristen: Or a marshmallow!

Adaine: Like a salamander.

Brennan: She says,

Ayda: I would like to get started on this research.

Gorgug: Cool.

Kristen: Right.

Adaine: Yes.

Gorgug: We got seven days with this and then it'll get—

Adaine: Great, do you want me to come with you?

Gorgug: He'll take it back.

Brennan: She says,

Ayda: I brought what we need here.

Adaine: Oh great.

Kristen: Awesome!

Ayda: So we can do this right here.

Gorgug: Let's do it.

Adaine: Amazing.

Fabian: Cool.

Gorgug: Anything else we should do?

Fabian: Yeah, wait, all of time's just gonna be frozen for seven days?

Brennan: You see she says,

Ayda: Yes, all of time will be frozen for seven days.

Kristen: I wanna kind of go, if anyone is free I would love-- Anyone but
Tracker unfortunately, I would love to go look at that--

Adaine: Oh, the shrine.

Kristen: The shrine again, yeah.

Brennan: Remembering that Sklonda was able to walk through all of Elmville
during the time freeze, back in freshman year, you will be able to go
investigate that shrine in the seven-day period if you stop it right now.

Ally: Love it. Cool.

Siobhan: Great. I just have to make sure I think that the gate is open because
we won't be able to open and close the gate if time is stopped, is that right?

Zac: What gate?

Siobhan: Can we open- like aren't physical objects stopped or am I wrong?

Brennan: There is some ability to interact with physical objects.

Siobhan: Just wanted to clarify that before we.

Brennan: You, [slow zooming noise] hit the watch. Adaine and Ayda hit the
books and start to research the Plane Shift spell as time is frozen. As you
guys are doing all of that, we are going to go back to hell.

Emily: We're frozen.

Emily and Murph freeze in place.

Players laugh.

Ally: And we're just gonna be here for like 20 minutes.

Brennan: Back in hell, so you find this clause here—

[Lighting transitions from blue to red.]

Riz: You beat him and you didn't lie. You said, and— that it was vague, that
he was defeated or something.

Fig: Yeah.

Riz: So you can't even get in trouble for lying in court.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You guys hear a sort of hellish, like, deep bell ringing elsewhere
off in the pit and you can feel that the tribunal is being called back to
order.

Fig: All right

Riz: Shall we?

Fig: Yeah.

Emily: Skateboard in.

Riz: Motorcycle in.

Emily laughs.

Murph: And I make the noises while I ride an actual motorcycle.

Riz: Vroom, vroom, vroom.

Emily: I make some motorcycle noises for fun.

Fig: Vroom, vroom, vroom.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Very cool. You [motorcycle noise] Hangman comes in, you see that Vraz
The Mean is there. Taps the thing. You see Kaistrana the Chained and Lorzug
the Impaled. You also see that the Vraz is once again looking at a little sort
of crystal infernal thing like,

Vraz: [frustrated] God. [sighs]

Brennan: [mimes banging gavel] Tap, tap.

Vraz: Once again Blozo will not be joining us today. Blozo said that [checks
phone] he's waiting at his infernal domain because he got a window for people
coming to repair part of his castle and they could be there anytime today, so
he's just got to stay there.

Siobhan: So it's truly hell.

Ally: Yeah. [laughs]

Vraz: Once again calling the Dark Tribunal to order in the case of Gorthalax
the Insatiable. [sighs]

Fig: Actually my litigator, Riz Gukgak, has some new information.

Riz: Yes, we were doing some research and we believe our friend Fig here
qualifies to take over Gorthalax's estate.

Vraz: Under what clause?

Fig: Under the clause that I'm his daughter as was, exhibit A: Baby is my
blood. I... did this. [gestures at Baby]

Baby: I'm called Baby now!

Players laugh.

Baby: Baby wanna bottle!

Zac: I hate that he embraced it so much.

Players laugh.

Fig: I invited everyone down here but I don't think I can have anyone see me
like this so... actually maybe I'm gonna close off hell. And then the second
clause is that I defeated Gorthalax.

Brennan: You see that Kaistrana the Chained goes,

Kaistrana: Are you suggesting that this was some sort of coup?

Fig: Yes. I physically put him into that gem and therefore defeated him. It
was my hands that did the deed, thus defeating him, so give me my crown.

Murph chuckles.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me, because you've litigated this correctly, go and
give me a Persuasion with advantage.

Murph: Oh god.

Siobhan crosses her fingers on both hands.

Ally: Come on, ha-chi.

Lou: Ha-chi!

Ally: Ha-chi!

Lou: Ha-chi!

Siobhan: Ooh yeah!

Emily: Okay, oh wait. I'm just gonna go with that. [casually] That is gonna be
a 30.

Group laughs and erupts into chatter.

Zac: [mimicking Emily] I guess I’ll just, go with that.

Murph: That was— I was gonna be like, you have Luck points, you have Luck
points—

Ally: Oh my god!

Lou: That was way too much! What was that?

Emily: It was 17 and I have plus 13 to Persuasion.

Lou: Okay.

Siobhan: Wow. Ah jeez, 13.

Brennan: You see Vraz looks over and says,

Vraz: Oh, give me a fucking break! Oh my god! Okay, so you committed a coup—

Brennan: And you see that Lorzug the Impaled kind of twists his head to look
at Vraz and go,

Lorzug screams.

Brennan: And she goes,

Vraz: Fine, Lorzug! [derisively] Okay, so you're what, the new Lady of the
Bottomless Pit? [laughs sarcastically]

Fig: Regrettably yes. It's not a pit I'm proud to be the Lady of, but yes. So
give me my hell passport.

Vraz: [mockingly] ‘Give me my hell passport’.

Fig: That's not an insult. Just repeating what someone said is not an insult.
Hiss at her, litigator.

Riz hisses.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see that Kaistrana says,

Kaistrana: That hiss has been recorded in the official notes.

Zac: Motion to hiss.

Ally: Motion granted.

Brennan: You see that Vraz goes,

Vraz: Fine! [scornfully] Oh, you're so special with your little bass guitar.
Is that purple in your hair? Are you different from the other girls?

Fig: Actually, I think the most different thing about me is that I don't try
to be different than the other girls.

Vraz: Ugh!

Brennan: You see that she literally barfs lava.

Vraz: [barfs] Fine!

Brennan: You see that Vraz gets up walks around and says,

Vraz: As executor potentate of Blozo the Undiminished, Archsecretary, I hereby
bestow upon you dominionship over the Bottomless Pit. Do you accept the role
of archdevil?

Murph: I go up and whisper in her ear.

Fig: Yeah, hold on I need to confer. [quietly] This feels so fucked up. I
don't want everyone to freaking come down here and me to be like hey, I'm the
archdevil, look at this Bottomless Pit, I'm bad!

Riz: Seems pretty rad.

Fig: So as my litigator your legal advice—

Riz: My legal advice would be that this is super rad.

Players titter.

Fig: [to Vraz] Yes.

Riz: This is really cool.

Vraz: Okay, then by the power invested in me, I invest you with dominion over
the Bottomless Pit.

Brennan: She leans in real quick and smooches you on the lips.

Murph laughs.

Emily: I barf now, I barf up lava. Bleh!

Brennan: You see that your lips catch, literally catch fire and she puts a
thumb on your forehead and you just hear [demonic chanting] and a upside-down
pentagram appears briefly in flame on your forehead.

Fig: This was not part of the deal!

Vraz: This is literally how this has to happen legally!

Brennan: The pentagram fades, the fire fades off your lips. You may mark on
your character sheet, by the way, as an archdevil that you, now, your
resistance to fire has now become full immunity to fire.

Lou: Damn!

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: And you also have resistance against poison damage as well.

Murph: Nice.

Lou: Wow.

Ally: Sick.

Siobhan: Noice!

Lou: Hanging out with an archdevil!

Brennan: You see Vraz goes back up to her seat and says,

Vraz: Very well, your two litigators are free to go. However,

Brennan: And she looks over at the Hangman.

Vraz: This hellhound was not originally summoned from this domain, and must be
returned to its proper owners.

Zac: What?

Siobhan: [softly] No.

Fig: [casually] I'll bring it.

Brennan: You see she says,

Vraz: Oh that won't be necessary, my lady. It will be brought.

Brennan: You hear a voice coming up from the back of the courtroom, and you
see a devil walking up. You guys give me a Perception check.

Lou: Come on.

Siobhan: Come on.

Lou: What's going on?

Ally: Little beans, little beans.

Emily: 15.

Murph: 11.

Emily: Should I use a luck point? 15. Should I use a luck point?

Siobhan: How many do you have?

Murph: Did you alr—

Emily: Three.

Murph: What—

Emily: No.

Murph: Probably not.

Siobhan: Okay.

Murph: How many do you have left? One?

Emily: I still have three.

Murph: Oh, okay.

Emily: I haven't used any.

Murph: Yeah, why not.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: Or, 15’s pretty good.

Emily: 15’s pretty good, yeah, I'm not gonna use it.

Murph: You don't wanna lose it, yeah.

Brennan: You look at this devil walking up, very calm sort of red scaly devil
that has a legal scroll, is like walking into the proceedings. This devil
looks perfectly healthy but you notice that it has a limp. There's something
like, wrong with its left leg. You see that the devil walks up to the front
and Vraz says,

Vraz: Hello?

Vraz: The devil looks and says,

Devil: [regular accent] Good evening. We be filing an injunction.

Brennan: Puts the scroll into the hand of Vraz, says,

Vraz: Under what law?

Brennan: And you see the devil says,

Devil: The law be on the scroll.

Brennan: She unfurls the scroll and she goes,

Vraz: [baffled] The law of the blade?

Brennan: And the illusion fades and Captain Bill Seacaster--

Players clap and cheer.

[pirate music playing]

Brennan: \--plunges a sword. Bill looks insane. Instead of an eyepatch, it is
just a glowing red ember. His teeth are all smoldering coals. He's got one
giant lava sword and two arms coming off the left side. So he's got one right
arm, a giant scaly--

Lou: What the fuck?

Brennan: \--bony hooked arm up here, and an arm wielding a flintlock pistol.

Lou: Jesus.

Brennan: You see he stabs through the scroll that's in front of her face,
punctures her porcelain face and goes,

Bill: Fig, me girl! You're in the heart of mind for a shanty!

Players laugh.

Emily: I take out my bass.

Fig: Let's do this!

Siobhan: Yes! Amazing.

Brennan: The roof collapses in as pirates smash through the ceiling from a
flying ship made out of a red dragon above, and you see that Bill Seacaster
swoops you up in his arms. A bunch of horrifying singed burning hell zombie
pirates grab the rest of you including the Hangman. The Hangman goes,

Hangman: [excitedly] Captain Seacaster, you saw our beacon!

Brennan: And whoom, you guys alight into the sky.

Fig whoops.

Brennan: You see that Bill--

Bill laughs wildly.

Brennan: \--fires a flintlock pistol back at the remaining devils in the
tribunal as the ship wheels off into the fiery sky. What do you guys do as you
land on the deck amidst all of his various pirates?

Emily: I land on my skateboard and do a sick trick!

Players laugh.

Brennan: He goes,

Bill: That's right, girlie! A sick trick it be! [laughs] Oh, and I don't
believe you've seen my new fine ship have you?

Fig: No.

Bill: Well we owe you some honor, Miss Faeth, for you see, our ship is a
thinking ship, and when we christened it anew, we asked it what name would
bother it the most. So, welcome aboard the Goldenrod!

Players laugh.

Fig: It's Kalvaxus!

Brennan: You've seen the prow of the ship, which is just Kalvaxus' head turns
around and says,

Kalvaxus: Oh no, no, no, no--

Fig: Don't look up my skirt you perv!

Riz: [saluting] Captain Seacaster, permission to pee on your ship!

Players laugh.

Bill: Oh permission granted, Ball!

Murph makes a peeing noise.

Fig: Stop looking up my skirt, you perv!

Brennan: You see he says,

Bill: Oh, a pervy dragon he be?!

Players laugh.

Brennan: He leaps and grabs a rope, swings over there, and smacks the dragon
with the flat of his blade. See the dragon,

Kalvaxus: [recoils from the blow] Please no, not again, anything but these
children, I beg you!

Gorgug: I've heard of a poop deck, but a pee deck?

Players laugh.

Siobhan: Nice.

Zac: I say that to everyone else for no reason.

Fabian: What, why?

Adaine: I think you're a little psychic.

Brennan: Incredible. So you see the Captain Bill looks around and says,

Bill: We saw your beacon good and clear. We've had a devil of a time raiding
these Nine Hells! Do I see there hidden under the flesh a little burning
insignia on your forehead, me girl?

Fig: Yeah, I'm an archdevil now, I suck!

Bill: An archdevil?! And why would you think that sucks?

Fig: Because I rule over a domain of a pit that swallows murderers and liars
and thieves and I don't know how I'm gonna explain that to everyone up there.

Brennan: He grabs you and brings you close, he reeks of blood and cinders. He
brings you real close and again, it's just burning eye and his coal teeth, as
he says,

Bill: You have to have a dominion? No, you don't have to have anything. I am a
being of pure chaos and I reside here in the Nine Hells and who can stop me?
[mockingly] Oh, their little scrolls and laws and signatures? There's only one
law, lass and you know what that law is.

Brennan: [Shing!]

Bill raises his sword.

Fig: The law of the blade?

Bill: [shouting] The law of the blade!

RIz fires his gun into the air.

Players laugh.

Bill: Yes, fire your gun! All right, we've got you now, where to me lass and
lad?

Fig: Well, Sylvaire.

Bill: Sylvaire next, or...?

Riz: Lower level of hell, we gotta get my dad out!

Fig: Yes, of course, I'm so sorry! We're going to save Pok Gukgak.

Bill: Oh, your Pa’s here?

Riz: Yes, yes!

Bill: Well, I’d love to meet your good old Pa! We can talk about how our two
boys have become such good friends.

Riz: Yes, we're best friends.

Players chuckle.

Bill: Ah, that you are. All right, we're going to the second level. The Iron
City of Dis! Let's have those cannons at the ready, lads!

Brennan: You turn around and see a young tiefling, the back of his skull is
missing—

Murph’s jaw drops.

Lou: Ugh.

Siobhan: Oh, no.

Lou puts his face in his hand.

Brennan: —almost like it was chewed through, and there's just a ball of fire
in the basin of his empty skull; whips around covered in gold and says,

Alistair: Aye, aye sir! Oh, hi there!

Riz: Hey, good to see ya.

Alistair: It's me, Alistair!

Riz: Alistair.

Fig: You made it, Alistair! Guess you had a happy ending.

Zac: [chuckling] You made it?

Riz: The dream!

Alistair: It's a dream come true!

Fig: It's a dream come true, so actually Fabian did you and your friends a
solid.

Alistair: Oh, if I ever see Fabian, I'm gonna kill him. I'm gonna kill for
sure.

Fig: Oh, okay!

Riz: Cool, cool.

Alistair: Absolutely, but it's amazing, I'm a pirate, I'm a part of the crew
of the Goldenrod and all, you know, it only costs me about 50 gold pieces a
month—

Riz: You're paying to be here?

Fig: You're still paying?

Brennan: You see that Bill has taken the helm and goes,

Bill: He's being paid in exposure!

Players laugh.

Bill: He'll be able to work on any pirate ship after he works here for a
thousand years! [laughs]

Zac: He's interning on a pirate ship.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see Alistair says,

Alistair: Make the guns ready!

Brennan: And you see that, up at the front Kalvaxus goes,

Kalvaxus: Oh not agai\-- [retching noise]

Brennan: And a big cannon comes out of his mouth.

Lou laughs.

Emily: Can I start scratching graffiti into Kalvaxus?

Murph chuckles.

Brennan: You absolutely can. You see Bill says,

Brennan: I love it! Mister Ash, take him upside down.

Brennan: And you see the Kalvaxus begins to fly into the sky, turn upside
down, the gravity remains the same, and he says,

Bill: Take her under.

Brennan: And you see that Kalvaxus begins to head for the sky of fire as fast
as he can.

Fig: See, you didn't need Kalina.

Riz looks at her and grins.

Brennan: We are going to [chuckling] cut back, as crazy it is, to Arborly.

Lou: God.

Ally: Aw.

Brennan: Incredible.

[lighting transitions from red to blue]

Adaine: Fig wouldn't forget to ask about dragon madness, after I explicitly
sent her that very clear message about it, right?

Fabian: It was the P.P.S., everybody reads the P.P.S.

Adaine: P.P.S. is the most important part.

Fabian: It's the last thing you read.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fabian: I skip to the end of the letter, check the P.P.S., go read the letter
for context.

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: Incredible. For those guys in Arborly, is there anything that you
guys would be doing, you would investigate the shrine.

Ally: I would like to, yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and just give me an Investigation check.

Lou: Can I give them the help action?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Ally: Ay, two 13s, is that lucky?

Zac: Wait, so we're here for seven days.

Brennan: Yes. Yeah, you have a lot of time.

Zac: Can we just have some, just, Bardic Inspirations?

Lou: Yes, of course. Yeah, I do a lot of pulling people into sheets,

Fabian: I believe in you, spring break.

Players laugh.

Fabian: I believe in you, spring break.

Adaine: Spring break.

Fabian: I believe in you, spring break.

Kristen: Oh my gosh, thank you.

Ally: Oh, so that's a 14.

Lou: Oh, you can add a d6. I'm just a d6.

Ally: Don't sell yourself short.

Emily chuckles.

Lou: One day, one day I'll be a d8. One day!

Ally: 4, all right. Baby--

Players laugh.

Ally: That's an 18, honey.

Brennan: An 18 Investigation. You go back and find a lot of the same stuff
there. It's a pretty ruined, like, abandoned type of place.

Ally: Can I start drawing this face that I'm seeing on the wall?

Brennan: Yes.

Ally: Can I do a sketch of it myself?

Brennan: As you do you remember that dream--

Ally: Yeah, that's why I wanna do it.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Religion check for me.

Ally: Hell yeah, that comes with advantage… That's pretty good, 20, not nat.

Brennan: 20, not nat. Your spirit guardians begin to appear around you. You
see they look at you in their spectral little coffee shop tables with their
little cortados. Someone looks up and is like,

Guardian #1: What you drawing there Kristen? [sips cortado]

Kristen: So this is a god... And this, I think, is the only picture of this
god.

Guardian #1: Oh, all right.

Brennan: You see that one of them says like,

Guardian #1: You’re, uh-- Yeah, I guess for like, academic reasons it's good
to like, draw it but you know. Just another god. Just another thing that's
sort of fake or doesn't really matter.

Kristen: I'm actually, I'm interested in the tenets in a real way, I could see
maybe getting really into this god. You know Tracker has the moon, and then
this is a sister, I could see that working really well, yeah.

Guardian #2: Working really well?

Kristen: This could be my god.

Brennan: You see this one says,

Guardian #2: Working really well?

Brennan: You see another one says,

Guardian #3: Nothing works really well, that's the point. Nothing ever works.
There's always something more to criticize.

Kristen: I'm not-- You guys, [clears throat] I didn't want to say this but I
might be moving on from this phase. Cortado, the ‘everything's wrong’. I might
be a Yerba Mate person and looking for maybe some sort of truth and trying to,
you know, follow it. Not Helio, you know--

Brennan: You see that one of them says,

Guardian #1: There is no truth.

Brennan: You see that another one turns to the one that said that and said,

Guardian #2: Well that's a pretty absolute statement. There definitively is no
truth?

Brennan: And you see that a third one looks and says,

Guardian #3: Well don't criticize that, because you're doing that from the
same place of certainty that that person's doing it.

Kristen: Yeah, see, what I'm talking about here is you guys are all talking in
like some big marble chamber with big books and like, I want to have like,
kids, I want to be a good friend to my friends, you know what I mean? It's
just like in the little minutiae of real human life. I think I need some more
answers then ‘everything's wrong, everything's broken, let me drink a cortado
alone in this coffee shop’. [continues drawing]

Brennan: [whooshing noise] Those guardians are released. [whistling noise]
There's a fear of knowing that like those spirit guardians won't answer your
call again, you'll need to find new ones, but you also feel your shoulders
relax as you realize that with those spirits around you, you always have your
shoulders tense because no belief was beyond reproach and there was never a
conviction you could hold without the fear of seeming stupid or silly around
them.

Ally: Yeah, totally.

Brennan: That's what you find, you return.

Ally: Was I able to draw this?

Brennan: You were perfectly able to draw this. Tracker, who cannot enter the
shrine, is able to look at this drawing.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: And she gets really emotional, in a way that's sort of just like not
like, sad or anything. She's just like, you know look you get just raw
emotional, just like a lot of feeling. She's very emotional and is like,

Tracker: I don't know why, but I think that's really important that you did
that.

Kristen: Cool.

Brennan: You guys return to Holly Hill. At the end of this sort of magical
seven days, Ayda has calmed down pretty significantly. Adaine, you're like a
very good presence for her.

Siobhan: Just rolling my portents.

Brennan: Yes. You guys--

Zac: Could I try to have gotten smarter?

Players laugh.

Brennan: Trying to have gotten smarter! Give me a flat Intelligence roll.

Emily laughs.

Zac: Okay, negative 1 to this.

Emily: Do you have any Bardic?

Lou: Of course he does.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, spring break.

Lou: Spring break, I believe in you.

Zac: 17, wait 16.

Brennan: 16, 17? What's your Intelligence right now?

Zac: 8.

Brennan: Your Intelligence goes up to 9.

Siobhan: Wow.

Emily: Ooh!

Siobhan: Gorgug reading books.

Lou: Can I do the same?

Brennan: No, you may not, only Zac.

Players laugh.

Ally: Only Zac, I love it.

Group laughs.

Ally: I could just see your character's face—

Brennan: If it makes you feel any better, the eight and nine have the same
modifier.

Brennan: You see that, at the end of that week—

Zac: [sadly] My pencil doesn't work.

Players laugh.

Emily and Siobhan hand Zac pencils.

Brennan: You guys finally, you have researched the Plane Shift spell, which
Ayda is powerful enough to cast.

Siobhan: Yes, I am not.

Brennan: During that period of time, as you guys are researching that spell
very feverishly, in some of like, the downtime breaks, you notice that Ayda is
working on like a little side project, just like a little small thing. You
don't see it, she like, hides it away from you but she's like working on
something that she won't tell you about. But you guys finish Plane Shift at
the end of that week and you see, you guys prepare to Plane Shift. Are you
Plane Shifting with every single thing, are you leaving like, the Hangvan here
or I assume you're like, Plane Shifting with just like...

Lou: Just everything.

Siobhan: It's up to eight people, uh...

Gorgug: Can we check in with the Hangman before we...?

Fabian: Yes. Hangman?

Hangman: Sire, we need you right now, right now!

Fabian: What, what?

Hangman: Right now!

Fabian: Why didn't you say something to me earlier?

Hangman: I forgot we could do this, I'm sorry!

Fabian: So did I, kind of.

Fig: Riz, piss on Goldenrod!

Fabian: Wait, what's happening, where are you?

Hangman yells frantically.

Fabian: We froze time for seven days and are coming directly to wherever you
are.

Brennan: You see that Ayda casts Plane Shift. It's Sandra Lynn, Baxter, Ragh,
Tracker, and then the four of you, Hangvan's being left behind and you guys
appear, [fire sounds] in a blast of flame standing suddenly on the upside-down
deck of the Goldenrod.

Members of the party yell and shriek.

Lighting transitions from blue to red.

Lou: What?

Brennan: You look all the way up at the helm and you see monstrous stuff.
Again like, huge like Akira like, devil armed with a boney hook, ember eye.
You see the devil of your father look down and go,

Bill: My darling boy!

Fabian: Oh, Papa!

Bill: Look out!

Brennan: And you see Alistair Ash swings a sword right at your head.

Alistair: I'm gonna fucking kill you!

Fabian: Oh Alistair, I'm sorry. I've come a long way.

Brennan: I'm gonna need everyone here to roll initiative.

Siobhan: Oh-ho-ho!

Emily: Okay.

Zac: I got advantage...

Emily: 6.

Brennan: Keep your roll recorded right now. You see that as Alistair starts
swinging at Fabian wildly, hosts of devils start to pour out of the Bottomless
Pit as Vraz the Mean points up at the sky whirling after you. You see that
Ayda looks over at you and says,

Ayda: Fig!

Fig: Ayda!

Ayda: I told everyone we kissed, was that normal?

Fig: Fuck!

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see she says,

Ayda: All right there's devils coming. [strained] I.. ugh. [resolutely] It's
important, you're important.

Brennan: She just takes alight, like, descends, is upside-down, spreads her
wings and opens up a portal that you see is not phoenix fire magic but
nautical signs, and you see that she begins to open up a nautical portal and
pure ocean just starts pouring onto the plane of Avernus.

Lou: Wow.

Adaine: Ayda, what are you doing?

Ayda: I'm going to flood hell. This is the top and it only goes down from
here.

Adaine: I don't think that this--

Fig: No, we can't, we have to get to the second level! We have to save— call
off the water. We have to get to the second level!

Sounds of clanging swords.

Fabian: I've changed!

Alistair: You're gonna die! You're gonna work here on the ship with me!

Kristen: Are you using a sheath? Don't use the sheath.

Alistair: I'm gonna keep you pinned to the deck and I'm gonna get Chungledown
Bim to come shit in your mouth!

Fabian: All right, fuck this.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see that all of you begin to sail. You see that the captain says,

Bill: Fight him off my boy, you can fight him off! All right, you keep that
half-phoenix working that ocean spell. And besides I wouldn't worry about
these devils. With the amount of money I'm making it's not just one ship
they'll have to worry about.

Brennan: Peeling out of the sky of fire dozens of hellish pirate ships made
from dragon carcasses, rok carcasses, all these giant flying creatures pirated
by these cinder zombies begin to pour out of the sky and he says,

Bill: To the second level, and lay waste all the damned souls therein! To war,
me hearties!

Brennan: And that's it this week—

Players groan.

Brennan: —on Fantasy High.

Zac: Truly, what the hell?

Group laughs.

Siobhan: W-T-H.

Lou: We were just hanging out.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 15: Blast from the
Passed](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTPQSgE51UMIyIyKWYjjUxap7C2d5tDN7JiutgRlGX5JQ23IgeIsErxjH3ZLGPQ5vnCwAnfL87f_93u/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650553483560&usg=AOvVaw2NmY_aquPY-L8AEt3iZ3y1)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by: somnolentselenophile, leberetframboise (@Kat), gluegunshots

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjozc9LeQxMhw0VY9Snf9vVUmz50YoewaFFYx1nxIGmEv5Pi8jLUln11frP8uQ4VmLwzg_Nl8G4N7vYq9OZI:0)

Episode 15: Blast From the Passed

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 15: Blast from the Passed

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT3Zk5dEZXMcj3C_sgkUurVzPu6zF-Y6A0U2jEOy1VewmE2AbNDjjCOVqi-6H9E_4_RDw5zDyubGMD_/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650556564877&usg=AOvVaw3BQi05avPSFWPEtLzD6Bw8)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSmPV9bIjk0vBPIfVFuvwyrF5mcWvNcPxeTx_G6Q-1y7cr-
rCDd9U0cyUAoI-
Ni7CT7dhyCtC9SbAAX/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650556565141&usg=AOvVaw21KNEgpQxR6KJKpkXXyHln)]
>

Brennan: Hello one and all and welcome back to, "Dimension 20 Live" presents,
"Fantasy High Sophomore Year". I'm your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee
Mulligan. With me, as always, our intrepid heroes. Say ‘hi’, intrepid heroes.

Players: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan: Oh gang, [stammering] If you're tuning in live, you tuned in for a
fun one. First of all, some news gang. Tomorrow, the trailer for season 5 of
"Dimension 20" featuring our intrepid heroes themselves, will premiere at 1:00
P.M. eastern time. Follow "Dimension 20" on YouTube, ring that bell so you can
get that notification when that bad boy goes live. This, I'm not gonna lie,
this trailer alone is gonna knock you on your ass, okay?

Lou: Wow.

Brennan: Then the season to come [whooping]. "Dimension 20" is also on
Instagram under the handle @Dimension20show. Check that out for a bunch of hot
memes.

Lou: Oh we got memes?

Brennan: We got memes, mate.

Siobhan: Memes for days, baby.

Brennan: Speaking of memes, we now have a new limited release shirt, 'Being
gay, when you're here you're family'.

Players laugh

Brennan: Which is which you can get with a very familiar logo but not legally
familiar, available.

Emily: [laughing] From a person named Kristen Applebees.

Brennan: For a limited time, if you use the code 'breadsticks', you can get an
Ayda Aguefort sticker for free when buying that shirt.

Lou: Whoa.

Emily: Ooh!

Ally: Wow, wait this is all making me think of something...

Lou: Breadsticks?

Siobhan: Yeah, I’m pretty hungry right now.

Brennan: We've made references to a character that Wretchrot AKA Baby the Imp
looks like and we've made references to slogans for maybe large brands but the
important thing is, they're all legally distinct.

Siobhan: It's live, baby, nobody can stop us. [flashes a peace sign and sticks
out her tongue right at the camera]

Brennan: Also, Tiny Heist is complete, the last side quest. You can binge that
whole series now. So you can jump on Dropout TV.

Brennan points to Lou offscreen.

Lou: Do they have a fun\-- I like how you did point on me when I raised my
hand. Do they have a fun name? I know that we're the intrepid heroes, then
there's the vile villains, what are they?

Brennan: They're the tiny thieves.

Siobhan: Pretty cute.

Brennan: Which is alphabetically alliterative.

Zac: Thiny thieves?

Emily: Thiny thieves!

Lou: Thiny thieves.

Brennan: Thiny thieves, exactly.

Siobhan: If we were in 16th century London, it would be alliterative.

Brennan: Hey, and that's the--

Siobhan: [grinning wryly, with her finger on her noise] Because language
changes.

Murph: That's the best kind of alliterative.

Brennan: That's the best kind.

Ally: Thiny thieves.

Brennan: Guys--

Lou: [exaggerated British accent] Tiny thieves.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Last we left off, our intrepid heroes, [menacing voice] they were in
the skies of Avernus, the first layer of hell! [fire sounds] We return now to
the deck of the Goldenrod, AKA the body of Kalvaxus, big spoilers for season
one— What are you doing watching this show if you haven't seen season one of
"Fantasy High"?

Players laugh.

Brennan: Spoiler alert, our Bad Kids here, a group of teen adventurers from
the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, have gone on their spring break of sophomore
year for their big year project to return the crown of the Nightmare King.
They are at the borders of the forest when all of a sudden, some shenanigans
happen and some of the party has to go to hell to resolve some legal disputes
having to do with Fig, the party's bard, and her devil dad, Gorthalax the
Insatiable and his abandoned fiefdom the Bottomless Pit in hell. Our party has
just rejoined on the deck of the ship but the father of Fabian Aramais
Seacaster—

Lou gestures dramatically.

Players laugh

Brennan: \--The archdevil, Captain Bill Seacaster and his rebel armada of
dragon carcass ships fly through the skies of hell as Ayda Aguefort, the new
[wiggling his fingers] flame of one Figueroth Faeth—

Ally: Oooh!

Zac: [facetiously] What?!

Brennan: [facetiously] What? --has also come here to attempt to flood hell,
rescue Fig. The party is reunited and, you now are conducting a daring raid to
smash through to the second level of hell to rescue Riz's captured father, Pok
Gukgak, who he saw in an interaction with the Shadow Cat, being trapped by
devils on the second level of hell. TL;DR, pirate devil dad and friends meet
up using a Plane Shift spell to rescue Riz's dad from interrogation and also
maybe flood hell and start a war with all the devils.

Zac: Got it.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Woo! There's a lot of plot in this one. Moments before, our crew from
the edge of Sylvaire Plane Shifts. Just to, again, paint the picture of where
we are in space, right? The Goldenrod, which is the transmogrified body of—

Lou claps a flying insect out of the air.

Siobhan: You get it?

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: Nice.

Lou: I got it, sorry.

Brennan: \--Of the big bad from season one, Kalvaxus, with the deck of a ship
built into him, a bunch of cinder zombie pirates all over him, his wings
spread, he's flying through the skies of hell. Blasted red rock beneath you
and a roiling sky of fire above you. At the helm, at the back of the ship, at
the wheel, is Captain Bill Seacaster, an enormous devil: burning ember eye, an
insignia of flames, skull and crossbow floating over his head, giant weird
third arm with a like, a devil bone hook on the end of it, laughing
uproariously at the helm. On the deck with him are not only his cinder
zombies, but also Riz, Fig, Gilear and the Hangman along with Wretchrot, your
personal valet, as the newly minted archdevil.

Emily: I've got a staff.

Brennan: You were all lifted up out of the Bottomless Pit on ropes that like,
basically yanked you up on rope ladders from this rescue from Bill, you guys
lit that beacon. You also see tons of crates and boxes coming up out of the
Bottomless Pit that Bill's pirates, on his other ships, have just yoinked, and
this ship as well, have just yoinked a bunch of stuff out of the Bottomless
Pit treasure, books, weaponry, you know, doing their pirate thing. And a bunch
of that is coming onto the ship as well. As that happens, your friends arrive.
You also saw Alistair Ash, the pirate and formerly living warlock of Bill
Seacaster who is now an intern on the Goldenrod.

Emily laughs.

Lou groans, his face in his hands.

Brennan: The rest of our intrepid heroes, Kristen Applebees, Fabian Aramais
Seacaster, Adaine Abernant and Gorgug Thistlespring all arrive as well with
Sandra Lynn, her griffin Baxter in tow, Ayda Aguefort Plane Shifting, Ragh
Barkrock, Tracker O'Shaughnessy and I think that's actually everybody.

Zac: You've been talking for so long.

Players laugh.

Brennan: This battle is gonna be-- Don't try to hold this battle in your head.
Just, for those at home, just picture gunshots firing from the sky,
explosions, and absolute chaos 'cause that's what the PC's are seeing. As you
guys [zooming sound effect] arrive on the deck of the ship, Alistair Ash
confronts you. Your father calls out to you,

Bill: My darling boy!

Fabian: Papa!

Brennan: Alistair goes,

Alistair: I'm gonna kill you!

Fabian: Okay!

Players laugh.

Brennan: Leaps to charge at you, and you see behind you in the sky, rising up
from the ground are fleets of these insane iron zeppelins, these like, devil
craft, that are coming after the flying ships that are Bill's armadas. So he
now has dozens of ships in his armada and these devil crafts are coming after
him. You also see these huge, almost like ground to air missiles that are just
these spinning pentagrams of fire that are hitting Bill's other ships and as
they land, the pentagram glows and a bunch of devils appear like teleportation
on the ships--

Emily: Ah.

Ally: Woah.

Brennan: \-- as these teleportation missiles, begin to fire on the armada.

Emily: Seems like a fun way to travel .

Lou: Wow,

Zac: Let's be nice.

Lou: [grinning] It's going down.

Brennan: It is fully going down. Bill calls out and says,

Bill: [shouting] Rebel armada, follow your flagship to the iron city of Dis
and all the devils of hell laid waste. We're rescuing— [normally] Your dad's
name, boy?

Riz: Pok, Guk—

Bill: [shouting] Pok Gukgak!

Players laugh.

Fabian: Riz, we're saving your father?

Riz: Yeah!

Fabian: Incredible.

Riz: [laughing] We forgot to fill you in. He's in hell, I don't entirely know
why.

Alistair slashes wildly at Fabian.

Fabian: Get off of me.

Alistair: I'm gonna fucking kill you. Chungledown Bim's gonna shit in your
mouth.

Fabian: No, no, no he is not!

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see that, we're gonna enter initiative. As all this chaos erupts,
you see that Gilear Faeth looks around and goes,

Gilear: [panicked] Captain Seacaster, my name is Gilear Faeth. Is there a safe
place to hide?

Brennan: And you see Captain Seacaster goes,

Bill: [laughs] For the honorless dog that fucked my wife, no.

Brennan: Boom, and shoots Gilear in the chest.

Zac laughs and then claps a hand over his mouth.

All players look stunned.

Ally, Emily, Siobhan: [simultaneously] What?!

Emily: Um, no! Can I—

Fabian: Papa!

Brennan: For 24 points of damage--

Fabian: Papa!

Emily: Can I cast Shield?

Zac: He’s fully dead!

Emily: Can I jump in the way and cast Shield?

Brennan: We're gonna begin initiative with Bill Seacaster steering the ship.

Zac: Oh god damn it.

Brennan: Blasting Gilear Faeth in the chest, Gilear Faeth is fully dead.

Zac: Wait, what is his health total?

Fig: Is that what you wanted to see, Fabian?

Fabian: No, not at all!

Zac: [hopefully] Did Gilear level up with us?

Brennan: No.

Players titter.

Brennan: No, he most certainly did not.

Siobhan: That doesn't seem fair. He should be at least level five.

Emily: [through gritted teeth] Gilear!

Lou: Oh my fucking god.

Brennan: Level five, no.

Zac: He’s fully dead?

Fig: I just want to say to everyone, this is my problem, so I'm sorry I can't
be of help but I'm probably gonna have to save Gilear.

Fabian: That's, that's fine.

Gorgug: How?

Brennan: As you see—

Fig: I don't know.

Brennan: That Bill just laughs madly--

Bill laughs madly

Brennan: \--as Gilear collapses with a giant hole in his abdomen.

Emily: Is he fully dead?

Onscreen is Bill Seacaster’s character card. His subtitle is “Archdevil &
Captain of the Goldenrod.” He has really, really high stats.

Brennan: Full dead, he took 20 plus points of damage.

Riz: You can't just kill Gilear, Captain Seacaster!

Bill: Why? Fabian killed me and no one's mad about that.

Fabian: All right, nobody, Papa, it's just, you've clearly gone full demon and
that's fine.

Brennan: You guys—

Zac: Do you have Revivify?

Emily: Does anyone have Revivify?

Fig: Gilear, Gilear!

Group laughs.

Brennan: [laughing] You guys, you guys see Bill's pirates get to work. There
are about 10 pirates on the deck with you that are like, hoisting sails. You
see that they begin to load cannons on the deck of the ship; they are loading
cannons with golden reliquaries, holy books, holy water. You see that one of
them opens a gold sarcophagus with the mummified body of a saint and just jams
the saint's skull into one of the cannons.

Fabian: Wow, my father is, I liked my papa before. This is actually a little
bit much.

Group laughs.

Fabian: You know, I've grown a lot.

Gorgug: A little?

Fabian: They were jamming a full body into a cannon?

Brennan: They're jamming the body of a dead saint into a cannon.

Fabian: Oh, papa.

Riz: [whining] Fabian, weird stuff is happening. I know you're in a fight
right now, but he killed Gilear.

Brennan: Next up in the initiative order hold on one second.

Lou: I'm sorry, that was his turn or Gilear's turn?

Brennan: That was, no, that was—

Murph: Gilear will never have a turn again.

Brennan: \--Captain Seacaster's turn.

Zac: Gilear's turn was being shot in the chest to death.

Emily: [squealing] Gilear!

Murph: It actually may be better that his body is just dead on the ship so
that he doesn't, like, fall off.

Zac: How long do we have?

Emily: Do not metagame with my freaking dad!

Group laughs.

Brennan: This also, because this environment is so hostile, there will also be
lair actions. If one of you would kindly roll a d20 to see how bad the lair
action is—

Murph: You got it. [rolls]

Brennan: You want a high number.

Murph: Fuck!

Emily: Why would you do—

Players erupt into loud chatter and accusations.

Ally: [yelling, gestures angrily at the die] Why?

Brennan laughs.

Zac tosses a pencil at Murph.

Murph: [shouting] Statistically I have just as good a chance of rolling good
as any of you!

Emily: Why did we not have—

Lou rolls.

Murph: Oh that's it, that's what you get!

Multiple players start rolling.

Murph: That's what you get, that's not good either, that's fine. That's,
average.

Ally: Fine, I'll roll.

Brennan: Okay! I’m gonna need—

Emily: Why?! Why did you throw your hat in the ring before anyone else even
processed what was going on?

Brennan: I'm gonna need--

Siobhan: [imitating Murph] ‘I'll do it, I'll do it!’

Lou: And in my head, you acted so fast I was like, of course, Murph’s the one.

Brennan: I'm gonna need everybody here to roll a Dexterity saving throw, if
you would be so kind.

Zac: I do it with advantage?

Brennan: Yes you do.

Emily: [pained] I don't even know what I do anymore, I can't believe you just
shot Gilear!

Zac: Nat 20!

Brennan: Nat 20.

Ally: No way.

Siobhan: 16.

Murph: 16 as well.

Lou: 12.

Ally rolls, then laughs and holds up one finger.

Ally: I’ve got minus three to it.

Brennan: Cool, did anybody here, so you [pointing at Emily] beat an 18 right?

Emily: 21!

Siobhan: You [pointing at Ally] got a minus four?

Brennan: Did anyone else beat an 18?

Zac: My other score did but I got a—

Brennan: Got you, okay.

Siobhan: [laughing] You suck, dude.

Ally: You suck.

Emily: [laughing] ‘My other score, though--’

Brennan: Everyone: Adaine, Fabian, Kristen and Riz, you take 11 points of
bludgeoning damage and five points of fire damage.

Siobhan: Dang! So 16 damage?

Brennan: 16 damage. Gorgug, you take 11, sorry, you take five halved to two
points of bludgeoning damage, and five points of fire damage.

Zac: Seven.

Brennan: You take no fire damage Fig, but do take five points of bludgeoning
damage.

Emily: Okay.

Fabian: As Bill goes,

Bill: [laughing] Why are you all so mad? I'll bring him back as a devil on me
crew!

Fig: [hopefully] Wait, you're gonna bring him back?

Bill: As a devil on me crew.

Gorgug: But he wants to go—

Fig: I don’t think that—

Brennan: You see he says,

Bill: All right, we're going into the sky!

Brennan: And he turns the ship upside down. The barrel roll sends barrels and
crates scattering across the deck and explodes. That's where the fire and
bludgeoning damage comes from, so you all have to flatten yourselves to avoid
the chaos and maelstrom of fire on the deck. And the ship begins to go
directly at, like entering at a 45 degree angle into the fiery sky above. That
is going to be Alistair Ash's turn.

Emily laughs.

Siobhan: Oh good.

Lou: He's weak, all right? He's like a child.

Zac: Let us do something.

Players laugh.

Brennan: What? For the record, nobody last week, when they rolled initiative,
rolled over a 10.

Ally: That’s true.

Brennan: Oh sorry--

Siobhan: I did!

Brennan: Oh yeah, we had a 14 and like, a 12.

Siobhan: I got 11.

Brennan: And 11, that's right. Okay and that is going to be Alistair Ash's
turn. Alistair is going to leap at Fabian Seacaster, make some attacks here.
Hold on one sec.

Fabian: Alistair, can we talk about this?

Alistair: No, there's nothing to talk about! You abandoned me! I believed in
you!

Fabian: I will do a whole, like, revolution, I'm a new man.

Players laugh.

Brennan: That is, he gets one hit and Fabian, you take seven points of
slashing damage and two points of fire damage

Alistair yells and slashes wildly.

Brennan: As he reaches out,

Alistair: I'm gonna kill you and then I'm gonna eat your brain, see how you
like it.

Fabian: I'm sorry, he ate your brain?

Alistair: Yes!

Brennan: You see, Alistair, the back of his skull is just fully missing like a
cracked egg and there's this roiling fire. His eyes have also rotted out so
you just see fire in the empty socket of his skull.

Fig: So this is what Gilear would look like if you brought him back?

Brennan: You see that Bill, he just says,

Bill: [laughing] Lass, I did a pretty good job on Alistair, they're mostly not
like that.

Brennan: And you see a cinder zombie next to you with no jaw, just goes
[moans].

Players laugh.

Emily: [laughing] Someone bring Gilear back!

Brennan: You see— Y'all went to hell!

Murph: We're mostly just kicking our own asses at this point.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks at you and goes, and says,

Sandra Lynn: [panicked] Should I help you, should I kill your father? He just
killed Gilear.

Fabian: Don't kill, okay one, I'm more worried about you getting killed.
[stammering] let's not attack my father, he'll kill all of us.

Fig: Do you promise that he won't kill anyone else of our friends?

Fabian: I mean, I think it makes sense, I'm not gonna defend his logic, but
why he killed Gilear, at least we can see the path there.

Players laugh.

Fabian: I feel like him killing us--

Gorgug: [wailing] Is your dad gonna kill me?

Fabian: [shouting] I don't think so! Get off of me you eyeless fuck!

Alistair: [slashing wildly] I'm eyeless 'cause of you!

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see that--

Emily: [laughing] ‘Is your dad gonna kill me?’

Group laughs.

Brennan: You see, Sandra Lynn, Sandra Lynn looks at you, Kristen, and says,

Sandra Lynn: [desperately] Can you save Gilear?

Kristen: Yeah.

Brennan: She says,

Sandra Lynn: All right, I'm gonna cover our tail.

Brennan: She swan dives off of the Goldenrod--

Lou: God, She is so cool.

Siobhan: She's so cool.

Brennan: Which means that to you guys on the deck, 'cause gravity clings to
the deck even when you're upside down, it looks like she just kind of flies up
falling, falling to you, situationally, up as Baxter swoops under her and you
see that she immediately goes ahead [rolls] and knocks one of those missiles
out of the sky (arrow sound effect) with her bow. Tracker raises her hand
overhead, presents her holy symbol and summons a Twilit Sanctuary around you.

Siobhan: Oh, cool.

Lou: Oh hell yeah.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Summons a Twilit Sanctuary around you. She looks to you and says,

Tracker: I got you Kristen. I'll cover you if you get Gilear.

Kristen: Okay, I love you.

Tracker: I love you.

Brennan: You see, [magic sound effect] a Dimension Door appears on the helm of
the ship. Vraz the Mean, Lorzug the Impaled and Kaistrana the Chained all walk
onto the helm of the ship. All of them look at Bill Seacaster and Vraz says,

Vraz: By order of Blozo the Undiminished, Regnant of Sloth, you are under
arrest, William Seacaster.

Brennan: And he says,

Bill: Oh-ho-ho-ho! Am I, now?

Brennan: And draws his giant lava sword, and all three of them start to go at
it, just this huge pit of devils fighting up on the helm.

Fig: I don't even know whose side I'm on in that.

Riz: Just let that work itself out.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see, Vraz looks at you, Fig, and you see she says,

Vraz: Figueroth the Faithless, as—

Fig: The Infaethable!

Vraz: Figureoth the Infaethable, as Archsecretary and Executor Potentate, I
order you to command the theft of your goods and services here to act upon
this criminal and malignant unwanted. By order of Blozo the Undiminished, I
order you to return these goods at once to the Bottomless Pit.

Fig: And as archdevil and rebellious teenager, I order you to eat my ass!

Group laughs.

Brennan: You see that Bill, who has a chain wrapped around his throat from
Kaistrana the Unchained, he goes,

Bll: That's right, lass!

Fig: [admonishingly] I'm not necessarily on your side right now.

Bill: I'm not on my side!

Emily laughs.

Brennan: You see that, as you say that, you see Vraz says, looks at you, steps
back and lets Kaistrana and Lorzug handle Bill for a second and goes,

Vraz: [calmly] Very well then. [produces and unfurls a scroll] As Executor
Potentate, we find all--

Fig: [scowling] What's a potentate?!

Brennan: She says,

Vraz: [enraged] A fucking--

Adaine: It's a root vegetable.

Vraz: Oh fuck you, [mockingly] ‘root vegetable’? Nice frog, idiot!

Adaine: You have a nice frog, idiot. [quietly] Fuck.

Group laughs.

Brennan: She says--

Riz hisses.

Riz: You just hiss when she gets like that.

Adaine hisses.

Brennan: She says,

Vraz: Given that you have refused this request, the Regnant of Sloth finds all
contracts between Bottomless Pit and its executor to be null and void. [makes
mark on scroll] Such warlocks are released from their bonds.

Brennan: [magic sound effect] You feel something in you suddenly leave, and
you realize that all of the deals your dad made as a warlock patron are [snaps
fingers] nulled in a moment and in a blast of flame underneath the helm, you
see, [roaring fire sound]

Voice: Ooh, daddy.

Siobhan: Yes!

Lou: What?

Brennan: Johnny Spells and six tiefling greasers appear. Johnny Spells is
roiling in flame—

Ally: What.

Brennan: His veins glowing with red light. He combs his hair back, all of his
greasers snap with their black leather jackets and clean white tees, get into
a dance pose, he looks at you, Fabian—

Fabian: [exasperated] Fuck off dude, I have too much going on right now. I
cannot deal with you too.

Players laugh.

Johnny: [growling] Ooh, slick little daddy. You stole my ride, stole my bike,
you killed me and then you stole my moves. [snaps fingers and poses
dramatically]

Brennan: You see all of the tieflings in unison say,

Tieflings: It's a dance fight!

Brennan: And--

Zac: Dance fight?

Siobhan: Dance fight!

Ally: Use the sheet!

Lou: I will, I'm going to, the sheet is going to play a part. It's all been
leading up to this.

Siobhan: I use Mending to make sure that the sheet is really beautiful.

Brennan: Fabian, it is your turn.

Lou: Oh okay.

Brennan: You guys do get to go, I promise.

Lou: Alistair's not like-- Well first off, Hangman on the deck, right?

Brennan: The Hangman's on the deck going,

Hangman: [stammering] Sire, my old master is back... [stammering]

Fabian: Your old master's not back, he's right here.

Hangman: Right, I understand it's just [stammering]

Fabian: Hangman, you belong to me. I have enslaved you—

Group laughs.

Zac: Oh, no.

Siobhan: Oh, no.

Lou: I don't like to use that kind of strong language. Hey, this is a
different world where certain things haven't happened. That word is more
loose.

Group laughs.

Fabian: You know where-- at whose side at which you belong.

Brennan: Okay I'm gonna need you and Johnny to make opposed Intimidate rolls.

Lou: Do I still get advantage with my eyepatch?

Brennan: You have Captain Bill's eyepatch so you do get advantage. I'm gonna
say you need to beat the other person by five to have it be definitive. I'm
gonna roll Box of Doom for Johnny Spells right now to let you know what you
need to beat. Here's what--

Murph: “Air Bud” style. At the end of “Air Bud”.

Brennan: Johnny rolled a five plus six is 11, go for it.

Lou: 11?

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: First roll's, is--

Siobhan: Oh yeah. Oh, yes.

Lou: Is already 25.

Ally claps.

Brennan: You see the Hangman goes—

Zac: Roll again for a nat 1.

Lou: Nat one is the other 1, so we'll go with the 25.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You see that, you go with the 25, you see that the Hangman, Johnny
says,

Johnny: Bike, get your ass over here.

Brennan: The Hangman goes,

Hangman: [full of emotion] No, no I'm not Bike. I have a name now! It's the
Hangman! I have a master who gave me a name. [growling] I know whose side I
ride upon! [revving engine]

Brennan: And he swings around to your side.

Lou: Can I have him, I'm gonna say,

Fabian: Bike, you handle him while I finish this one off. Slam him!

Lou: Can I have the bike slam Johnny Spells?

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: Great. Let's see, bike, bike's gonna hit 20.

Brennan: 20 hits. Sorry—

Lou: Great.

Brennan: By the way, there are, so there's a wall of tieflings in between
Johnny and these other, he's surrounded by his crew.

Siobhan: It's like Red Rover.

Brennan: It's like Red Rover, so to go, he can't go right for Johnny.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: But do you want him to go for one of the tieflings in the middle or
do you want him to attempt a leap or Acrobatics to leap and hit Johnny in a
jump?

Lou: You know, let's go, let's make my bike make an Acrobatics check.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: Let's do it.

Brennan: Go ahead, you gotta beat a DC15.

Lou: DC15, Bike gets plus three.

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: That's only gonna be 11.

Brennan: Okay you go ahead and make your attack against one of the tieflings.

Lou: Okay. Do you want me to use a different roll than the last one?

Brennan: You can use the same roll.

Lou: So that was a 14 and then a 1, so four against the tieflings.

Brennan: What did you roll for the attack roll?

Lou: I rolled a 20.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: 14 plus 6.

Brennan: Gotcha, and then what's the damage you dealt?

Lou: 1d8 plus 3 and I rolled a 1, 4

Brennan: Hell yes. Wait how much damage is that overall?

Lou: 4.

Brennan: 4 overall, gotcha, great. Hell yeah. Hangman charges Scorching Ray,
who's still got the shades and the Lil’ Slugger baseball bat. Boom, smashes
into him. Fabian, what do you do?

Lou: Great, I turn to Alistair and I say,

Fabian: I don't want to do this but I'm going to beat your ass until you
change your damn mind.

Lou: And I'll—

Alistair: What mind do I have to change? James Whitclaw ate my mind!

Fabian: Okay you know what, I just need to, I'm just gonna kick your ass,
we're just gonna do this.

Players laugh.

Lou: Great that's 24 for the first hit, and 24 for the second hit. Yeah, 24
for both hits. I’ll roll damage.

Brennan: Those are both hits.

Lou: Those are both hits, what do I need? I need a d8, great. First hit, hits
for 12, second hit, hits for 17.

Ally: Nice.

Zac: Wow.

Brennan: 29 all together?

Lou: There we go.

Ally: Woo!

Brennan: Fabian, in the first combat since you've really embraced your new
self, you whip your blanket around Alistair Ash's foot, flip him up, deep stab
through the abdomen, withdraw it; Alistair's gone from being uninjured to
badly injured in one round of attacks.

Alistair makes a pained sound.

Fabian: Are you still committed to this course of action?

Alistair: If I die, I just come back a little bit worse but if you die, you're
stuck down here with me.

Fabian: Fair, all right. Let's have at it.

Brennan: Great, that's gonna be Johnny and his crew.

Zac: God damn it.

Emily groans.

Siobhan: Jeez Louise.

Lou: Once I kill Alistair, we're gonna dance.

Siobhan: Roll better on--

Lou: I'm gonna stop--

Ally: Does he even die? I don't know.

Murph: Guys I promise, next time there's a lair action, I'll roll better.

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: No, you won't roll!

Ally: No you're rolling for all of them, you absolutely are.

Emily: That was so insane.

Ally: You absolutely are.

Emily: I feel like that was, you wanted to fuck us.

Players laugh.

Siobhan: First, you lose the Lil’ Beans, and then--

Ally: Aw, Lil’ Beans.

Emily: You’re really feeling devilish today.

Brennan: Johnny Spells nails you [Fabian] twice with two rays of fire for 20
points of fire damage all told [fire sound].

Johnny: Ooh daddy, time to get hot stepping!

Fabian: [stammering] Okay, all right, all right you should know, I befriended
flame and that's how I learned to dance, so I like this.

Brennan and Emily laugh.

Fabian: [defiantly] I like this a lot.

Brennan: Okay. The rest of y'all are getting charged.

Lou: The rest of y'all are getting charged.

Siobhan: To what, to our credit cards?

Murph: [chuckling] Nice.

Brennan: Wocka Wocka!

Siobhan: Send us the bill, baby, we're rich.

Zac: Our characters are rich.

Siobhan: Yes, specifically our characters are rich.

Zac: Please send me money.

Players laugh.

Siobhan: Please don't send me, Siobhan, bills. Send them care of the Abernant
family, Fallinel.

Brennan: One of these guys is gonna take a swing on Figueroth Faeth.

Emily: Why?

Ally: [mimicking Emily] Why?

Siobhan: For what reason?

Brennan: Okay that's a miss on Fig.

Emily: [claps] Yeah!

Brennan: And that is a miss on Riz.

Riz: Don't know how you did that, I'm just a little guy.

Johnny: Ooh, you guys sent us to hell, made us die in the road like dogs.

Fig: I just tried to put you to sleep!

Johnny: When you put someone to sleep when they're going 80 miles an hour on a
motorcycle, they die, little mama.

Fig: That's pretty gentle.

Brennan: You see that a couple of these guys take some swings at Ragh and take
some swings as well at the Hangman. Fabian, what is the Hangman's armor class?

Lou: It is AC 19 and a damage threshold of 10.

Brennan: Does not bypass the damage threshold. These guys go for Ragh, one of
them does hit Ragh.

Zac: Oh, damage threshold. That’s cool.

Siobhan: Pretty fun.

Emily: [very quietly, to Zac] What’s a damage threshold?

Zac: They have to do over 10 damage to hurt.

Brennan: Hell yeah. That is now going to be Adaine.

Siobhan: Ooh, how fun. How close are we to any of these people?

Brennan: You are, you're in a little pocket in the middle of the helm,
everyone that Plane Shifted here.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Two of these tieflings have, have basically trampled over Gilear's
dead body to get to Ragh who is with you.

Emily: [laughing] [high-pitched] Why Gilear?

Brennan: Two more are attacking the Hangman and another two went for Fig and
Riz. Fig and Riz are closer to the helm with Bill and the main devils.

Brennan: So I would like to cast Arcane Hand.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: And I would like to use Forceful Hand to pick up Johnny Spells and
throw him off the edge of the boat.

Murph and Brennan laugh.

Siobhan: So it's, it's, it's an opposed strike check and the Arcane Hand’s
Strength is +8.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Siobhan: Oh and I have advantage over any medium or smaller creature, which
I'm assuming Johnny Spells is medium sized.

Brennan: [giggling nervously] He is medium. How do I get out of this?

Players laugh.

Siobhan: Just roll really well, man!

Murph: Airships are always-- people can throw stuff, people off of them.

Brennan: [laughing] Yeah, people can throw people off of airships.

Siobhan: I don't have Polymorph but this is another good option.

Brennan: He's gonna make his Strength, it's just a Strength check for him.

Siobhan: Ooh, I rolled poorly.

Ally: Wooow.

Brennan: He rolled a natural 19.

Siobhan: [groaning, then realizing] I also rolled a natural 19.

Brennan: Are you using a Portent?

Siobhan: [snickering] Yes.

Group laughs.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Jesus Christ, okay which direction do you want him to go off, left or
right?

Siobhan: Ooh! What side are we on right now?

Brennan: Sorry is this a Strength saving throw for him, or no?

Siobhan: It is a, it actually might not be, let me, sorry let me look up the,
I wrote down notes but not these.

Brennan: No worries. But wait, but the roll you got was 19 plus 8 right?

Siobhan: 19 plus 8, yeah.

Brennan: Yeah he doesn't beat a 27.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: So he is flung, which direction do you want him flung off?

Siobhan: Let's go... [pointing to her right] starboard.

Brennan: Lovely. 45?

Siobhan: Yeah it's 45 feet.

Brennan: Cool. Insane.

Siobhan: Yeah it's an Athletics check for him.

Brennan: So as soon as Johnny Spells appears, he goes, [magic sound effect],
lights up Fabian and then a moment later, a giant silvery blue hand appears
and grabs him and whoo, he goes,

Johnny: Mama!

Brennan: \--and flies off into the sky.

Emily: How many little dancers are left?

Brennan: All six.

Emily: Six, okay, great.

Fabian: Thank you Adaine.

Adaine: You're welcome!

Fabian: One less to deal with.

Zac: Johnny Spells was on this airship for three seconds.

Emily: Not even, right?

Brennan: Not even, truly two seconds.

Players laugh. Zac mimics the snapping dance.

Emily: He showed up so hot and fell so big.

Siobhan: I still have his warlock switchblade comb in my inventory. And am I
in, inside of Tracker's, twilit hallows?

Brennan: Actually, that is correct, Fabian and Adaine are both inside of
Tracker-- which, by the time Tracker's Twilit Sanctuary, which actually means
that in the beginning of your guys' turn, Fabian you would actually have, you
have 1 more hit point 'cause you got some temp and Adaine at the beginning of
your turn, you get 5 temp hit points as the Twilight Sanctuary fills you with
life force.

Lou: Why does she get 4 more?

Brennan: 'Cause it's a 1d8 every time.

Players laugh.

Siobhan: I could give you some of my—

Lou: No it's not you, it's the d8. I'm gonna talk to that d8 after this
stream.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Incredible, that's going to be Riz.

Murph: Sweet. I guess I will shoot at one of the greasers who is not fighting
me, so that I can actually get Sneak Attack.

Brennan: You would also get Sneak Attack on the one fighting you because it's
within five feet of Fig.

Murph: Okay.

Riz: You attacked the wrong guy.

Murph: And then I shoot him in the face. [chuckling] 12. That's 12 to hit.

Brennan: That's 12 to hit?

Ally: Don’t you get advantage on Sneak Attack?

Murph: No.

Brennan: I'm afraid a 12 to hit is not going to do it.

Murph: Cool, then I'm gonna hide.

Group laughs.

Murph: As a bonus action.

Brennan: Great, go for it.

Murph: [wryly] That's a nat 20 on the hide.

Group laughs.

Lou: Solid hide.

Siobhan: Nice!

Brennan: Oh no. You shoot and vanish.

Ally: Oh no. Oh no!

Murph: I start sweating and get super nervous about my terrible line.

Emily: I’m behind you.

Riz: Whatever!

Ally: That was insane.

Brennan: Kristen, that is going to be you.

Zac: Can't wait for this lair action roll. [laughs]

Ally: Okay great, can I do a Religion check on these things that are being
loaded into the cannons as I make my way over to Gilear?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Religion check.

Adaine: Two 4’s. Okay, so that's a, a 9.

Emily laughs.

Brennan: You have no idea what this shit is. It looks like it's from other
worlds than just your world, even. But you notice that it's basically like, as
the cannons start firing at these devils, devils are all immune to fire
damage. So they're blasting, it looks like the pirates, it looks like part of
Bill's multi-level marketing scheme had his pirates stealing religious relics,
using them to pay for spells and then Bill uses them to basically have holy
ammo to blast the shit out of devils with.

Ally: Wooow. Okay cool, I'm gonna make my way over to Gilear.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: Oh!

Lou: [laughing] Just a nice jaunt.

Brennan: Awesome. You can do that without any attacks of opportunity but you
are right next to some of the tiefling greasers that are fighting Ragh.

Ally: Okay, great I'm gonna reach out and Revivify, and revive Gilear.

Brennan: Gilear comes back with 1 hit point.

Players cheer.

Ally: Okay and then I'm going to crumple up Gilear like a wrapper and put him
in something, in a drawer, in a trashcan.

Group chuckles in disbelief.

Siobhan: Barrel?

Ally: A barrel.

Brennan: You see that there is a big golden sarcophagus right here that--

Ally: [laughing] I put him in there.

Siobhan: Don't put him in the big golden sarcophagus, that's definitely
cursed!

Murph: That's where the cannon balls are.

Zac: Is that cannon sized?

Lou: No, the saint. They used the saint's—

Brennan: They're using the saint's body, so the big golden sarcophagus-- you
can make an Insight check to see how likely it is that they will throw it out.

Ally: Okay that's pretty high.

Emily: Just put a 'do not cannonball'.

Ally: That's like a 25.

Zac: Find some tape and a piece of paper.

Brennan: You feel that Gilear would be very safe in the golden sarcophagus as
long as the pirates did not launch it at another devil craft coming your way.

Ally: That seems, okay nevermind, I won't use that. But I will try to just
hide—

Kristen: Gilear, you have to hide.

Brennan: He goes, he comes back, bleeding wounds that you’ve just barely
healed over. He's covered in cinders and fire from the explosion, just goes,

Gilear: [gasps] What happened?

Kristen: [laughing] No just keep your stupid voice down. He's gonna shoot you
again.

Brennan: You see that Bill looks over.

Players: No!

Brennan: Bill takes--

Fig: No! Bill, so help me, I will not be on your side if you kill Gilear
again. I swear to god I will take this ship over if you kill fucking Gilear
again!

Brennan: He says,

Bill: Well lass, don't talk me into it!

Brennan: And you see, he says, he says,

Bill: Gilear, me brother, we both love the same woman. Look alive!

Brennan: And tosses a glowing sword to Gilear.

Players sigh and groan with relief.

Lou: Wow, he’s flipped.

Murph: Truly such a thin line.

Ally: What?!

Siobhan: Absolutely chaotic.

Brennan: He looks at him and says,

Bill: She's not my wife anymore. 'Til death do you part! [laughs] I want her
to be happy.

Murph: This is just a coin flip!

Kristen: Hey, I really like you Bill, I always have.

Bill: I always liked you too. Snuff powder?

Kristen: Yes, absolutely.

Bill inhales snuff powder and exhales magical energy.

Brennan: Breath weapon snuff powder covers the deck of the ship.

Kristen: I'm so high!

Players laugh.

Brennan: Gilear is holding a sword that he has no physical ability to lift.

Ally: Can I take the sword from Gilear? I'm worried he will hurt himself.

Brennan: [chuckling] You take the sword from Gilear. Incredible, mark the
money down of the Revivify, that's a thousand gold pieces.

Ally: Yes right, right, right.

Emily: Wait, can’t Gilear take— Can’t Gilear be— take like a level of
Hexblade?

Brennan: Can Gilear take a level of Hexblade?

Lou: Instantly, right now?

Murph: Right now.

Siobhan: Right now!

Brennan: Under no circumstances.

Siobhan: With Fig as his patron.

Emily: What if I--

Ally: There's some stuff around, Gilear is able to hide, right? Is he doing
what we've asked him to?

Brennan: Sorry, one second.

Lou: Stop rolling damage on GIlear--

Murph: Yeah, he’s gotta be at least on the initiative order.

Brennan: What do you need from Gilear?

Players: To hide.

Ally: To hide, to please hide.

Riz: [opening briefcase] Gilear, get in here.

Brennan: Gilear, on his turn, will attempt to hide.

Ally: No, that's not good enough.

Brennan: You see-- Jesus Christ. I'm gonna roll this; you see that Ragh
Barkrock goes fully insane, gores one of the tiefling greasers through the
chest and flings him over the side of the ship.

Ragh: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl.

Bad Kids: Hoot, growl!

Fabian: God, hell changes people.

Brennan: Sorry, he does that to two of them.

Ragh makes noises of exertion.

Brennan: \--and just Sparta kicks the other one off the ship.

Lou: When's Baby gonna go?

Emily laughs.

Lou: I'm excited for Baby's turn.

Siobhan: Oh my god, I am so excited for Baby.

Ally: Can I have Baby babysit Gilear and just sit on top of Gilear and hold
him down?

Zac: You don't even know Baby.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's your turn.

Players laugh.

Ally: I don't even know, I've never met Baby. There's just a jelly bean on
deck that I'm very curious about.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's you.

Brennan: Okay. I will, Gorgug is gonna, okay. Clearly go into a Rage. And
then, I'm gonna run up to the one next to Riz and try to-- How close is he to
the edge?

Brennan: He's about 15 feet to get him over the edge.

Zac: I'm just gonna hit him.

Brennan: Cool. Cool, so you're standing right in the midst of the ship in
between a newly revivified Gilear and Riz.

Zac: 12.

Brennan: 12 does not do it.

Zac: Okay, second attack.

Murph: Keep rolling 12’s on this guy.

Zac: Okay, 19.

Brennan: 19 definitely hits.

Zac: And then I'm doing my frenzy… 23, so two hits.

Brennan: Two hits, go for it, roll damage.

Zac: Okay. Oh. I rolled two 8’s so 8,

Brennan: How much in each attack?

Zac: 8 on each. So 8 plus 6, so 14 on each hit.

Brennan: 14 on each? You kill the first one in one hit and there's another
right next to you menacing Gilear. [fighting noises] I mean you guys took out
these greasers in the fall of freshman year.

Siobhan: And they haven't gotten any better? Wow, sucks to be in hell.

Group laughs.

Gorgug: Sorry guys.

Zac: And then I'm going to stand in front of Gilear.

Emily: [clapping] Yay!

Brennan: Cool, you get in front of Gilear, in between him and another one of
these greasers.

Gorgug: Gilear!

Fig: Tell him to hold the—

Gorgug: Sort of, lie down on the ground. Sort of just lie down on the ground.

Gilear: [panicked] Okay does Captain Seacaster want me to fight, or no?

Gorgug: Gilear, lie down on the ground.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Fig, that's gonna be you.

Ally: [laughing] You're in a Rage.

Emily: How many greasers are left? How many greasers are left, yeah.

Brennan: There are two greasers left. Johnny Spells is falling off into the
sky and there's two fully alive creatures left.

Emily: I wanna angle a 30 foot cone on the two greasers and Alistair.

Brennan: A 30 foot cone on the two greasers and Alistair?

Emily: Yeah, is that, can I do that?

Brennan: Alistair unfortunately is behind you and the greasers are in front of
you. You can definitely grab both greasers or Alistair, it'd be okay.

Emily: All right, I'm gonna do a Psionic Blast. I unleash a destructive wave
of mental power and they have to make a Dex save and if they fail, they take
5d8 force damage and are pushed 20 feet away from me so they would be pushed
off the edge.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Go ahead and roll damage, you're doing it on the two
greasers, right?

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: I like that, again, we're not killing the greasers. We're just--

Emily: Pushing them.

Lou: Using environmental hazards to murder them.

Zac: Yeah, where do they go?

Siobhan: They're not worth our time and energy to actually kill them.

Lou: Yeah, exactly.

Murph: I also love that this is a strategic thing to push them off but it's
just gonna blow their brains out.

Emily: 18!

Brennan: 18, 18 damage? Okay they both fail their saves. You, go ahead, you
hit this fucking-- Fig, your, the insignia burns in your head as you run up,
hit that bass and [strumming sound effect] [energy sound effect] and you see
them say,

Greasers: Oh little mama, we don't know how to dance to this.

Brennan: [magic sound effect] And both of them are blown asunder off the ship.

Emily: If Johnny Spells was in the background, he probably would've taken some
of that damage too. It's a 30 foot cone.

Brennan: Yes but the way he was flung, he is more than 30 feet, he was flung
45 feet away. You, you hear a noise coming from the fo'c'sle, from the raised
deck at the front of the ship as another blast of fire comes from up there and
you hear,

Voice: [valley girl] Nice spell. I think I can do better though.

Brennan: In a burnt prom queen dress, Penelope Everpetal stands and appearing
in front of her-- You see that her eyes are sunken deep pools of darkness and
she has jagged pieces of silver stabbed into her own skull to form a crown.
Blood trickles down her face. In front of her, there are four horrifying
looking scarecrow men, that have burnt charred skin with flannel button up
shirts, scythes, and then their heads are just burlap sacks with scarecrow
eyes that are slightly aflame. And then you see both of them with again, this
like, burning ember veins in their neck and their eyes with the pupils with
this hellish gleam to them, are Coach Daybreak and Dayne Blayde. Coach
Daybreak with his whistle.

Daybreak blows his whistle.

Daybreak: [snarling] Hey there boys, good to see you again.

Kristen: [smugly] Looks like you went to hell!

Riz: I don't know if you remember it, cause you were knocked out, but I killed
you in cold blood

Fabian: It was intense.

Riz: It was insane, honestly.

Gorgug: He shot you in the head!

Adaine: It was cool.

Fabian: It was really disturbing.

Brennan: Okay, you see that, hold on one second.

Lou: Wow, really all of our past demons coming back.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Who else did your dad have a contract with? Who else could be possibly
showing up?

Gorgug: I think they were just in hell. I don't think your dad had a contract
with them specifically.

Emily: Well my dad had a contract with Johnny Spells.

Brennan: With Johnny Spells. These ones are appearing, it looks like, from one
of the missiles that came and [magic sound effect] summoned people.

Siobhan: Very chill, very cool, very fun.

Ally: Huh.

Brennan: You see--

Ally: I just don't totally understand… yeah, okay, yeah, cool.

Brennan: What they're doing here?

Ally: No, no I'm just trying to wrap my head around, I'm trying to get ahead
of this.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Zac: I think it's a separate thing, but I don't know.

Ally: Okay, yeah yeah.

Brennan: You see that Penelope Everpetal [magic sound effect] casts an
Abjurative spell around her. As she does that, Dayne Blayde, he's going to—
one, two, three, four, five—

Emily: Can I just say there's one thing I didn't get to do on my turn?

Brennan: Yeah, what's that?

Emily: Baby's gonna be invisible. Baby's gonna turn invisible.

Group laughs.

Baby: Seems like you might die here! [cackles]

Zac: Can Baby take care of Gilear.

(laughing)

Emily: No, Baby has his own fight.

Siobhan: Nobody puts Baby in a corner.

Emily: [laughing] Nobody puts Baby in a corner, but everyone puts Gilear in a
corner.

Siobhan: Yes, absolutely, Gilear should be in the corner.

Brennan: By the way, on Riz, Kristen and Fig; Riz, you gain 5 temp HP, Kristen
you gain 7, Gorgug you gain 6 and Fig you gain 2.

Lou: What did I do to this d8?

Emily: 2?! I only got 2.

Lou: Hey I mean—

Brennan: It's the d8.

Emily: Let's have at it with that d8.

Lou: I'm gonna fucking give it to this d8 after this session, dude.

Ally: [staring intensely at a die] Hey, can I talk to you for a second?

Emily: Hey!

Lou: Hey what's up my guy?

Emily: Hey, bud. Hey bud!

Siobhan: Can we talk?

Lou: Hey can I buy you a coffee sometime?

Zac: Are we cool, are we cool?

Lou: What did I do to you, dude?

Siobhan: What’s up?

Lou: I have a bunch of d8's dude.

Ally: It's thing where you're like it's fine guys it's fine. So what, it's
fine, we'll be right there.

Brennan: Adaine.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Dayne Blayde comes rushing at you.

Siobhan: You bitch.

Brennan: And takes some swings, he hits you twice.

Siobhan: Shield.

Brennan: Okay Shield is gonna prevent one of, that makes your AC--

Siobhan: 18.

Brennan: 18, right? Oh shit, that prevents all three attacks.

Murph: Sweet.

Ally: Hey, nice.

Dayne grunts and swings at Adaine.

Brennan: [weapon noises] That is going to be, that's Dayne Blayde. Coach
Daybreak is going to run and he is going to take some swings at Tracker. And
you see that he has a silvered halberd.

Players make various noises of outrage.

Siobhan: Homophobic!

Zac: He has a silvered halberd?

Siobhan: Homophobic.

Brennan: That is one definite hit on Tracker.

Lou: Tracker's not within five feet of me, is she?

Ally laughs wildly, shaking their head.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Sorry that's two hits on Tracker.

Ally: Fuck!

Murph: You did it now, Daybreak, you did it now.

Adaine: Oh wow, oh wow, okay. Huh, huh, huh.

Emily: Your past is coming after your present.

Zac: Wow.

Brennan: He deals 21 points of damage to Tracker.

Siobhan: Fucking make out with Tracker, give him so much psychic damage his
brain explodes.

Ally: [laughing] Yeah, yeah.

Zac: So it's like that.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: Daybreak runs up and says,

Daybreak: Take the field, come on boys!

Zac: No!

Brennan: He looks at you Kristen, as he slashes at Tracker and says,

Daybreak: You did something, I was promised paradise.

Kristen: Huh, yeah, it seems like maybe you're in hell.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You-- That is Dayne and you see that as that happens, that is now
going to be Ayda's turn. Ayda rushes across the deck to Fig, looks up at you
and says,

Ayda: Fig, I told everyone that we kissed. That is normal, right?

Fig: Yeah, that's totally normal.

Ayda: Okay.

Brennan: She touches your arms and says,

Ayda: Are you okay?

Fig: Yeah, I'm fine, I'm an archdevil now.

Ayda: Congratulations, that's wonderful.

Fig: Thank you, it's good to get a promotion every now and then.

Ally laughs.

Brennan: You see that, Ayda—

Ally: [laughing] As a teen?

Brennan: Ayda looks and says,

Siobhan: ‘I’m assistant manager of Denny’s!’

Ayda: I want you to know, [fire sounds] that my desire to rescue you, isn't
because I don't believe in you or trust you. I do believe in you and trust
you. It's just that you're very important to me. Does that make sense?

Fig: Yeah, no that fully reads.

Ayda: Okay I'm gonna cast Protection from Evil and Good on you now. [magic
noise]

Brennan: She casts Protection from Evil and Good on you, which gives you—

Fig: I don't need protection from fire 'cause I'm immune now. [winks] Right?

Ayda: You just winked at me, that's flirtatious.

Fig: Yeah.

Ayda: Incredible, incredible. I'm distracted.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You see—

Lou: ‘Incredible.’

Ally: Wait, I wanna say that so bad. If someone flirts with me, 'incredible.'

Murph: “Incredible, I’m distracted.”

Brennan: And you see Ayda, takes off into the sky and begins to help Sandra
Lynn, just throwing up huge Abjurative wards as other ships start to approach.
That is, that goes back, Bill and the pirates are doing their thing. Bill is
fighting the other devils up by the helm. Someone give me another, actually
Murph, why don't you give me another lair roll?

Siobhan: No...

Ally: Yeah, yeah do it.

Players: [chanting] Murph, Murph, Murph, Murph!

Zac: You can do it, you can do it! Don't fuck us.

Group laughs.

Brennan: 7!

Lou: Hey, we're on our way up.

Siobhan: It's going up.

Lou: We're on our way up.

Murph: Guys, that was almost—

Siobhan: It's very close to a 1.

Murph: 3 less than average, right?

Brennan: Incredible.

Siobhan: No, you're getting better.

Murph: That's a Murph 10, a 7 is a Murph 10.

Siobhan: A 7 is absolutely a Murph 10.

Lou: A 7's a Murph 10.

Zac: My god.

Brennan: Everyone please give me a Dexterity saving throw.

Siobhan: Oh that is a natural 1.

Emily: 12.

Lou: 16.

Zac: The threshold's 18?

Brennan: The threshold is 18, anyone beat an 18?

Ally: This is Dex?

Brennan: Dex.

Ally: Argh, I beat it and then I have a minus three to Dex, 16.

Zac: So you didn't beat it?

Brennan and Ally laugh.

Brennan: This one was not 5 or lower. There was a huge broadside as one of the
devil zeppelins just boom-boom-boom-boom, lays a broadside into the hull of
the ship. You hear Kalvaxus at the front go,

Kalvaxus: Ow!

Brennan: All of you are simply knocked prone. Nothing that terrible happens.
But your movement is less on the next turn ‘cause you have to spend time
getting up. Also, any enemies that attack you will have advantage on attacking
you while you're prone. You hear Kalvaxus in the front kind of turn his head
around, swallow the cannon coming out of his mouth, and go,

Kalvaxus: [desperately] Former minions, this is our chance. It is I, Kalvaxus.
Listen, I have been turned into a boat against my wishes—

Emily laughs.

Brennan: —and you see that Bill takes a legendary action to shoot the deck of
his own ship and say,

Players chuckle.

Bill: You're a ship, not a boat!

Brennan: You see, as it does so, you guys by the way, are one second away from
hitting the sky of fire and whatever's gonna happen then is gonna happen on
the next lair action.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Alistair Ash is going to go.

Lou: [chuckling] Stop.

Zac: Alistair Ash is still kicking?

Lou: Yeah, I mean hey, we're gonna do it to him. Ugh, he has advantage on me.

Brennan: That's right, he has advantage.

Siobhan: Oh, no!

Ally: ‘Did we have homework?’

Brennan: 'Cause he gets up.

Lou: Did he, oh he gets up first.

Players groan.

Brennan: Yes.

Lou: Sheet, protect me.

Brennan: Oh doctor, okay.

Siobhan: Oh sheet!

Lou: Oh, sweet sheet.

Brennan: Okay that's one crit. One, two, three… One, two, three... Ooh doc-
tor.

Siobhan giggles.

Lou: Stop saying--

Ally: Doctor!

Siobhan: Doctor, doctor. Give me the news.

Brennan: [under his breath] 14… 23...

Zac: Man, there's too many people.

Siobhan: Yeah, there’s a lot of people.

Brennan: Fabian takes 31 points of damage, as Alistair--

Alistair grunts and slashes at Fabian.

Siobhan: We killed a lot of people.

Lou: How many rounds have we done?

Brennan: This is the beginning of the second round.

Lou: 91 to 16.

Adaine: No way.

Brennan: Ooh-hoo-hoo.

Siobhan: Wow.

Emily: Wait, you're at 16 health? Okay.

Ally: I guess everyone wanted you.

Lou: There was, Johnny Spells hit me twice, Alistair hit me once, I got hit by
Murph’s bad lair roll.

Players laugh.

Lou: Murph hit me...

Ally: Your bonuses from Tracker's thing.

Lou: Yeah, this d8 has fucking beef with me that we need to fucking settle.

Brennan: Tracker is going to go ahead and cast Beacon of Hope. Which means
that all healing is maxed within the Beacon.

Murph: Great.

Emily: Ooh, okay.

Lou: All right, all right.

Ally: What is she looking at right now?

Emily: I might take that d8—

Brennan: Her, she's not yet at half health.

Ally: Okay, okay.

Brennan: She casts Beacon of Hope. Also you all have advantage on Wisdom
saving throws.

Zac: Hell yeah. Tracker’s so cool.

Siobhan: Tracker rules.

Ally: Tracker's the best.

Brennan: Vraz and Lorzug take their attacks on Bill Seacaster who's laughing.
You see that, by the way, the devils are doing tremendous amounts of poison
and fire damage, all of which they are immune to. So this is like, very
dangerous people that can't hurt each other just slapping the hell out of each
other. You see that, however, Kaistrana is going to use an Animate Chain
ability. [rolls] Whips a chain out to Johnny Spells as he flies off the side
of the ship. [whooshing noise] And he reaches out, he's gonna make a Dex
saving throw in the Box of Doom.

Lou: What's the DC?

Emily: Yeah, what's the DC?

Siobhan: Yeah, what's the DC?

Brennan: The DC for this is, all he's gotta do is grab the thing, I'm gonna
say this is DC 10.

Lou: That's kind. That's kind.

Emily: If this was Kristen jumping out of a tower—

Siobhan: Yeah.

Ally: Yeah! All I wanted to do was ribbon dance into a safe landing.

Brennan: On a 6 or higher, Johnny grabs the chain.

Lou: Calling it, it's a 4.

Brennan: That's a 7.

Emily: Can I use a luck point on this, can I use a luck point on this?

Brennan: [laughing] If you wanna use a luck point you can.

Ally: It's such a low DC.

Zac: We'll just kill him on the boat.

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: That’s true.

Siobhan: I'll just continue to throw choice spells on every one of my turns.

Emily laughs.

Brennan: Incredible.

Zac is headbanging to the rock background music.

Brennan: You see, the scarecrow Harvestmen rush after you. One of them is
gonna take some swings at Tracker.

Emily: Woah.

Lou: [smacking fist into palm] These people need to be handled.

Ally: Oh wow, yeah definitely I agree.

Brennan: That's going to be... and deals 13 points of damage to Tracker.
Tracker's looking hurt.

Emily: They are really intimidated by Tracker.

Ally: Yeah.

Emily: That's kind of like, cool though, right?

Ally and Emily laugh.

Ally: Pretty hot.

Brennan: Okay, that's gonna go back to Fabian.

Lou: Great, I'm gonna try and, I use half my movement to stand and try and
finish off Alistair.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: Does a 15 hit?

Brennan: Does a 15 hit Alistair? No it does not.

Lou: God damn it. All right, swing it again. Does a 16 hit Alistair?

Brennan: 16 does not hit Alistair.

Zac: That sucks.

Emily: Ugh!

Lou: I'd like to, I'd like to Action Surge.

Murph: There you go.

Brennan: There you go.

Lou: Here we go again.

Zac: You got it.

Lou: That's cocked. Does a 21 hit Alistair?

Brennan: 21 hits Alistair.

Lou: Great, I'd like to burn a second level spell slot and use Fandrangor to
add 2d6 to this and then I'd also like to make it a, I'd also like to make it
a Trip Attack to add 1d8 to this, so 2d8 plus 2d6. Here we go, 8, or 10, 12,
so that's 16. Right? That makes sense, yeah, 16 plus 9 for 25.

Brennan: You do 25 points of damage to him?

Lou: Yes.

Zac: Don’t you get to attack again?

Brennan: You have another attack, right?

Lou: I do. He's not dead on that?

Brennan: He's not dead on that.

Lou: Can I have, before I take my second attack, can I have the bike slam him?

Brennan: The Hangman can come slam him, yeah.

Lou: Great, I'd like the Hangman to come slam him.

Brennan: He's also prone, so you get advantage of this. The Trip Attack works.

Lou: Great. That's a 15, so 15 plus 6, 21.

Brennan: 21 hits.

Lou: Great. For 5?

Brennan: 5 does not put him down.

Lou: Great. Well, here we go again.

Brennan: Advantage.

Lou: Advantage?

Brennan: He's prone.

Lou: That'll be a 24.

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: He's looking fucked up.

Lou: Great, and I'm gonna use a Defensive Flourish. I'll add one of my Bardic
to my AC as well as the attack. God damn. So that's 12 plus 9, 21. And you can
add 5 to my AC for the next round.

Group laughs.

Lou: And I don't think I've used a bonus action, so I'll use my bonus action
to Second Wind.

Group cheers.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Whoo, doctor! Add 5 to your AC for the next round?

Lou: Yes.

Ally: That makes your AC 24, that's crazy.

Emily: Woah!

Brennan: So you guys watched Fabian who has been very bloodied, burned by
Johnny Spells. There's a moment where all of a sudden, in the red of hell.

[Music stops]

[Tranquil music starts]

Players snicker.

Brennan: Whoosh. The blanket twirl, the fire of the blanket wraps around. Your
first attack, you completely enshroud Alistair in your blanket, spin him like
a top. As he twirls through the air, the Hangman runs him over in a flash of
light and as he pops off of the front wheel of the Hangman, Fandrangor,
rippling with your own inner light and magic, [stabbing noise] pierces his
ribcage and--

Alistair lets out a choked gasp.

Brennan: \--through the heart. And you see a spray of silver motes of light
burst out of his mouth, eyes, and the empty cracked back of his head. Time
slows for a moment and as it does, you see, Bill looks at you and goes,

Bill gasps and gets choked up.

Brennan: And out of his one non-ember eye, a single tear falls down and he
goes,

Bill: It be beautiful.

Fabian: I'm my own man now.

Players laugh.

Bill: [emotional] The story keeps getting better!

Brennan: [clanging sword sounds] And you see that Alistair, in that moment of
pure magic, looks at you and goes,

Alistair: Oh! I— It's beautiful, you were the chosen one. And I had to die for
you to find it, so in a real way I'm the chosen one. It's me.

Fig: No, Gilear's the chosen one

Alistair: [fading] I’m the chosen one...

Fabian: Sure, whatever.

Alistair explodes into light.

Fabian: Wait, is Chungledown Bim alive? Can he still shit in my mouth?

Alistair: [distantly] He's gonna shit in your mouth!

Brennan: And Alistair Ash is destroyed.

Lou: I've killed him now, twice.

Brennan: You’ve killed Al—

Emily: Where does he go now?

Brennan: You see immediate—

Zac: Double hell.

Brennan: You see immediately as this happens, that there's a bunch of little
bottles on Bill's belt and you see that one of the bottles fills up with red
mist. As it does so, you see that Bill looks down and says,

Bill: Alistair, you know it costs two thousand gold for me to bring you back
in another form, don't you?

Brennan: And you see that Alistair from the bottle says,

Alistair: Oh, put it on my tab, I suppose.

Brennan: [chuckling] So, that's Fabian's turn.

Lou: And do I get 8, the max from the twilight thing?

Brennan: You get, this is not healing, it's temp HP. You get 6 temp HP.

Lou: [approvingly] Okay, d8.

Players laugh.

Brennan: You get 6 temp HP, any movement that turn? Tracker right now and
Adaine, who were at the back of the pack, are now being swarmed by these
Harvestmen, Daybreak, Dayne, et cetera.

Lou: Yeah, I would love to Teen Wolf my way with the Hangman back toward them.
But yeah, can I get within five feet of Adaine?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: You can get right, Dayne's sort of menacing her but you can get next
to Adaine or, you get up next to Adaine in between her and the other
Harvestmen flanking Dayne.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: Posh squad.

Lou: Posh squad!

Brennan: [laughing] Posh squad.

Lou: We are rich.

Group laughs.

Emily: I'm rich too.

Siobhan: Yes, but you earned your money.

Lou: Well. We're all rich now.

Siobhan: Disgusting.

Lou: Yes, you're new money which is weird.

Siobhan: Gross.

Emily: Okay, I sleep in the floor. Under a piano.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Johnny spends his entire—

Emily: Is that new money?

Brennan: Johnny spends his entire turn just getting back onto the ship and
finally alights and is like,

Johnny: Hoo daddy, that's a close call.

Group laughs.

Brennan: That's Johnny's turn, Adaine that's you again. Beginning of your
turn. Beginning of your turn, you get 6 temp HP. Remember, if you have temp
HP, temp HP do not stack. So your temp HP can either replace the old total or
you can say ‘I'm not taking the new number.’

Siobhan: So I'll use my Forceful Hand as a bonus action to throw Dayne Blayde
off the ship.

Ally: Can you--

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: So that's another opposed Strength check.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Opposed Athletics.

Brennan: Opposed Athletics, hell yeah.

Siobhan: So I rolled a 26.

Brennan: [rolls] That's cocked. He rolled— You got a 26?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: This Hand fucking rocks.

Siobhan: It rocks.

Ally: Does it have good aim where it's throwing?

Siobhan: Oh, it has whatever aim I want it—

Brennan: He got a 25 which is not good enough. He's gonna use a point of
indomitability to re-roll that. That's gonna save. The hand goes, he doubles
down and goes,

Dayne: Bunch of little freshman ass nerds!

Adaine: We're sophomores now.

Dayne: How long has it been? I've been in hell, it's horrible here.

Adaine: Good.

Gorgug: [derisively] It's been one year.

Group laughs.

Gorgug: We're sophomores.

Fig: You could have done that math.

Siobhan: Okay so there's all of these guys up in here. Would Erupting Earth or
Lightning Bolt be better in this situation? Are they at all in one line or are
they, like, compacted together?

Brennan: You could get a line on, right now you could get a line potentially
on, on Dayne and Penelope or Dayne and Daybreak but not both. Erupting Earth
could potentially hit a lot of people but it might hit some of your allies as
well.

Zac: It might destroy his ship.

Siobhan: Yeah and then it also might destroy the ship. I'll do Lightning Bolt
against Dayne and Daybreak. So it's a-- oh wait hang on a second. I'll do
Dayne and Penelope 'cause it's a Dexterity saving throw, I feel like her Dex
is probably pretty low. So yeah, it's a Dexterity saving throw and then it's
8d6, can I steal some of your--

Lou: Chyeah.

Siobhan: Thanks bro. I need 6.

Zac: I got four right here.

Siobhan: Oh great, I'll take a couple.

Lou: I have so many.

Brennan: Hold on one sec, before you roll that, we have to resolve something.

Siobhan: Gah! Foiled again. Ruining all my beautiful plans.

Brennan: How many dice are you rolling right now?

Siobhan: So many, 8.

Brennan: Is that what Lightning Bolt normally does?

Siobhan: Yes, Lightning Bolt is 8d6.

Brennan: Cool. It’s a third level spell, Penelope Counterspells it.

Siobhan: I Counterspell her Counterspell.

Brennan: Ooh!

Players cheer.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll damage.

Siobhan: Okay… 10, 20...

Zac: It's a wizard's duel.

Siobhan: 26 damage.

Brennan: 26 damage?

Siobhan: Yes.

Lou: Wizards be crazy.

Siobhan: To both Dayne and Penelope.

Brennan: Okay. Dayne's gonna roll his Dex save, that is a failure. The
Harvestmen behind him, also fails, that's a, you said 26?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: Ooh, Jesus Christ. Dayne takes the full force of that damage. The
Harvestmen behind him is completely eviscerated by your lightning. The
lightning bolt hits the edge of the globe surrounding Penelope and does not
affect her inside it. But Dayne is affected.

Siobhan: And can I jump on the back of the Hangman?

Brennan: Sure, yeah absolutely.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You jump on the back of the Hangman. You see that-- Oh, actually if
you jump on the back of the Hangman, Dayne's gonna get an attack of
opportunity against you.

Siobhan: Didn't he use his reaction--

Brennan: He has not used--

Siobhan: Oh, indomitable isn't a reaction?

Brennan: No it's just an action, it’s like a legendary resistance.

Siobhan: Oh okay in which case--

Brennan: It's a worse legendary resistance.

Siobhan: I'll just stand up from prone then.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: I did all of that lying down.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Yeah, you see, there's this incredible [spell sound effect] Lightning
and you slap Penelope's Counterspell out. The Lightning Bolt hits her thing
and she goes,

Penelope: [mockingly] Oh my god, are you like some kind of wizard now?
Incredible.

Adaine: [mimicking Penelope] Oh my goodness, are you some kind of mean queen?
Cause you're gonna die.

Penelope: Mine was better.

Adaine: [to the Bad Kids] I think that didn't work.

Group laughs.

Adaine: I have to start writing these insults down before we get into the
fight.

Brennan: Incredible, at the end of Adaine's turn, Daybreak's taking a
legendary action. You see, Daybreak is going to do Command Ally and he's gonna
have Dayne take a swing at Fabian.

Zac: Did any of them fall down?

Lou: 24 AC.

Brennan: 24 AC? You see that Dayne's gonna take that. Hold on one second.
That's a miss.

Lou: Riposte!

Brennan laughs.

Siobhan: Nice.

Emily: Yeah!

Lou: And that'll be 21 to hit.

Brennan: 21 to hit? You see— 21 hits.

Lou: And then can I burn a first level spell spot to use Fandrangor for one
d6, and then do I add the d8 for Riposte?

Brennan: Yeah you do.

Lou: So 2d8, 1d6?

Brennan: 2d8, 1d6.

Lou: God, I'm so bad at throwing dice. Great, that's not great. 7 plus 9
equals 16 [French accent] damage.

Brennan: Not even on your turn, Jesus. So that's gonna be, you see that
Daybreak looks over as Adaine scrambles to her feet and you get up in front of
her with your blanket. You see he says,

Daybreak: Oh little mama's boy's got his safety blanket. Dayne, you're the QB,
take him out!

Brennan: Dayne comes right for your head and you slide under it [slashing
sound] and slash across his chest and he stumbles to one of his knees.

Fabian: [boldly] Toxic masculinity is dead!

Group laughs.

Fabian: [confidently] I dance now!

Brennan: You see that Coach, Coach Daybreak goes,

Daybreak: Nooo!

Brennan: [fire sound] Flame comes out of his ears. That is going to be Gilear,
who is amazingly not dead.

Emily makes a distressed noise.

Lou: Yes, Gilear.

Gorgug: Gilear, run, get like, in a barrel underneath the ship.

Adaine: Wrap yourself in a rope.

Murph takes off his glasses in disgust and pinches the bridge of his nose.

Brennan: I'm gonna make an Insight roll for Gilear.

Ally: [sarcastically] Great.

Zac: Can I help him 'cause I’m screaming in his face?

Riz: Don't go into anything that's shaped like a cannon. Don't go into any
traps.

Siobhan groans.

Brennan: That's a natural five, Gilear says,

Gilear: [assuredly] I shall hide in the sarcophagus.

Brennan: Jumps into--

Players: [groaning] No!

Siobhan: Come on, Gilear. How are you strong enough to lift the sarcophagus
lid?

Brennan: Actually you know what? I'm gonna roll a strength check. I'm gonna
roll Box of Doom, DC 10 to open it. He's got no plus to this. 17, amazing.

Emily: Why don’t you use that strength with your sword?

Siobhan: Well, when you’re afraid, sometimes—

Brennan: That's gonna be Riz.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: At the top of your turn, 4 temp HP if you want it.

Murph: Cool I'll keep the 5 that I have. I'm going to, from hiding, shoot
Dayne.

Lou: Hell yes.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Murph: Do you mind if I use—

Ally: No, not at all, please.

Zac: Is he prone? When you said he'd fell to his knee, I wasn't sure if that
was—

Brennan: No, he is not prone.

Murph: All right--

Siobhan: Nice.

Murph: That is a 29 to hit.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: That hits.

Murph: Okay so now I have, mind if I borrow some—

Ally: Oh please.

Murph: D6's, thank you.

Lou: Get in there, Murph.

Murph: [rolls] Okay.

Ally: Nice!

Murph: 6, 12, 16, 22… 28 damage to Dayne.

Brennan: 28 damage to Dayne? Jesus.

Murph: Yeah.

Lou: Hell yes, The Ball.

Murph: How's he looking?

Brennan: He's up, he's okay. 28 damage is a lot. Cool.

Murph: I'll also do Fury of the Small, and I’ll add 9 to it...

Brennan: So 28 plus nine, so you do 31 damage?

Murph: 37.

Zac: 28 plus nine?

Murph: 28 plus nine.

Brennan: 28 plus nine 37, gotcha.

Murph: 37, yeah.

Brennan: Cool, he's taken a lot of damage but he's still up. [sound of gun
firing] You fire your shot, any bonus actions, anything else?

Murph: Yes, I will hide.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: As I hide, I go,

Riz: You missed spring break.

Group laughs.

Riz: We're on spring break right now.

Dayne: Shit.

Murph laughs.

Murph: That's a 28 to hide.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Lou: Classic The Ball, always shooting from hiding.

Brennan: Hell yeah. That is going, at the end of Riz's turn, it's gonna be
another legendary action from Daybreak who is going to use his ability,
frighten foe. You see, he looks at you, Fabian, he goes, as you talk about
toxic masculinity to him, he looks at you and says,

Daybreak: [growling] I knew the day I met you, you didn't have any heart and
you still don't have heart. You're gonna die on this ship and it's gonna be
your fault.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Wisdom saving throw.

Lou: I adjust my eye patch and say,

Fabian: Oh-ho-ho-ho.

Siobhan: Ooooh.

Brennan covers his face and collapses dramatically as realization sets in.

Fabian: You're, not today, Daybreak, not today.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Lou: I let you finish all of that before I said anything just to make sure you
wouldn't change your mind.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Oh my god.

Emily: Wait what does the eyepatch do?

Ally and Siobhan: Immune to fear.

Brennan: Well, why would Daybreak have known that. Now he knows.

Emily laughs.

Brennan: No, literally no roll necessary.

Siobhan: Eat those dice, Brennan.

Ally: Eat the dice.

Lou: Feels like a great—

Adaine: Eat more dice, eat more dice!

Brennan puts a candy die in his mouth.

Zac: [jokingly] Don’t do it, it takes forever.

Players laugh.

Brennan: [slightly garbled] All right, Kristen, that's your turn.

Ally: All right, I walk up to Daybreak. Can I do an insight check--

Siobhan: We support you as a DM and as a friend but as also, you're our enemy.

Brennan spits the die out into his coffee.

Players laugh.

Brennan: Kristen, what are you doing?

Ally: Can I roll insight on Daybreak and see what's going on?

Zac: [appalled] Into a black coffee.

Siobhan laughs.

Emily: [thoughtfully] Actually, that’s not--

Brennan: Sorry beginning, what's that?

Ally: Insight on Daybreak and see what's going on with him, where's he been?

Brennan: Give me an Insight check. Also at the beginning of your turn, if you
want—

Ally: Nat 20.

Emily laughs. Brennan does a sort of laugh-sigh.

Ally: Absolutely nat 20. I need to know everything about this horribly
triggering person.

Siobhan: Every single day since we saw him.

Brennan: You see that he appears to [stammering] the scarecrow men behind him
are transfigured bodies of Harvestmen who died. You see that his punishment--
He is not a true devil. He is one of the souls who was damned here to hell,
but was powerful enough in life that he's been allowed to come fight on the
side of these devils, basically. It looks like his punishment is to not ever
understand why he's here. He cannot find peace. But, he can find you and you
guys came to hell and you killed a lot of bad people before you did that.

Ally: Okay great. If I'm looking to do some sort of like, how far away is he
from me, feet wise?

Brennan: Feet wise he is about, he's about five, ten, fifteen-- He’s about
twenty feet away from you.

Ally: Okay great and the Harvestmen are in that area too?

Brennan: Around him, Tracker's pretty injured, Fabian’s pretty injured,
they're the ones that are really up in the mix right now.

Ally: Okay great, I walk forward and I say,

Kristen: Hi Daybreak.

Group chuckles.

Kristen: It's so great to see you, I've been praying for you!

Ally: And I slam my staff down and cast Destructive Wave.

Brennan: Whoa. What the fuck does Destruct—

Lou: Fifth level spell.

Ally: Fifth level spell,

Emily: Ooh!

Ally: It's 5d6, thunder damage and then another 5d6 radiant or necrotic
damage, my choice.

Brennan: Okay, this—

Ally: And then he's knocked prone, and a saving throw halves it.

Brennan: I'm gonna make sure, 'cause this could potentially hurt some of your,
like, friends and allies who are here as well.

Ally: Each creature you choose, within 30 feet of you—

Brennan: [impressed] Oh shit.

Ally: Must succeed a Con throw.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Okay hold on, 30 feet is--

Murph: I feel like you probably hit a bunch of people.

Lou: Go off, go off.

Siobhan: Absolutely go off.

Lou: Also, I love the description that you walk up to him, in all this chaos.

Ally: [laughing] Yeah.

Siobhan: Drinking your cortado.

Ally: Just so slow. I don't even need a cortado. The anger in my veins—

Zac: But I can picture the cortado, swirling around.

Siobhan: Spiritually, you're drinking a cortado.

Lou: It's not in a cup, it's just, it's your aura.

Zac and Lou make swirling motions around themselves.

Ally: Loose cortado, and I can—

Brennan: Kristen—

Siobhan: Like you're an astronaut in space.

Brennan: You can hit every single enemy here except for Penelope and Johnny.

Ally: Amazing. Incredible, all right here we go.

Brennan: Go ahead and start rolling your damage. I'm gonna start rolling these
saves.

Ally: I need one more d6.

Lou: It would be an honor, [drops die] sorry. It would still be an honor.

Ally: All right. This is the thunder damage. [rolls] Ayy.

Lou: Ayy.

Ally: And then this, is the radiant or necrotic. [rolls] Yeah.

Lou chuckles.

Zac: Hit ‘em with the radiant.

Siobhan: Yeah, gotta be radiant in hell.

Lou: We're in hell, dude.

Siobhan: Yeah, lighten it up.

Ally: 13, so what was the first one?

Siobhan: Keep it light guys.

Lou: 15?

Ally: 15 and 13, okay 28 to everyone.

Brennan: [incredulous] 28 to everyone?

Emily: Ooh la la.

Brennan: Hold on a second, real quick.

Lou: Can you scoot me that one, it's right at your feet. Or you can kick it
over here.

Adaine: Mess him up, Kristen. Show 'em how it's done. I believe in you.

Fabian: I believe in you, spring break.

Players: [chorusing] Spring break!

Players titter.

Ally: But that's just for me.

Emily: Daybreak's over, now it's all about spring break.

Brennan: 28 and prone, versus...

Murph: 14?

Siobhan: 14 and not prone.

Emily: 14 and… erect.

Siobhan: [giggles] Nice.

Zac laughs and covers his face. Emily laughs.

Zac: The opposite of prone is...

Brennan: Okay. Okay, so Kristen you raise your staff aloft, slam it down
[intense spell sound effect] this holy light radiates out from you, or maybe
in this case, I don't know if you're still—

Ally: It's just light.

Brennan: It's just light?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: [energy dispersing noise] Every single Harvestman on the deck of the
ship [snaps] is eliminated, gone in a flash of light, as though they never
were. Dayne is knocked [claps] fully on his ass and Daybreak is not, Daybreak—

Daybreak lets out an enraged roar.

Brennan: \--and slides back.

Ally: I spit on Daybreak.

Brennan: That's going to be—

Siobhan: Does Kristen's gay spit do psychic damage?

Ally: Yeah does my gay spit do anything to Daybreak?

Lou: 1d4 for gay spit?

Brennan: 1d4 for gay spit? You see that a little bit of gay spit touches
Daybreak and it [sizzling noise].

Daybreak cries out in pain.

Daybreak: Love, love wins!

Players laugh.

Ally: [laughing] Daybreak yells, 'love wins'?

Brennan: But as a fear, it's motivated by fear. He doesn't want love to win.
It's a horrifying realization for him.

Zac: He is realizing he's hate.

Daybreak: I'm hate, oh god!

Brennan: You see, you see that, Dayne looks at you from prone, Kristen, you
see he says,

Dayne: Oh, is this your fricking girlfriend?

Brennan: And points over to Tracker.

Kristen: Yeah.

Dayne: Ugh.

Brennan: And you hear,

Ragh: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl.

Brennan: And you see that Ragh runs up and says,

Ragh: [shouting] I got a lot of shit in my fucking life because of you,
asshole!

Brennan: And bam, bodies into Dayne Blayde. He's gonna roll attacks on Dayne.

Zac: He's prone!

Brennan: He's prone, yeah that's true.

Lou: Advantage, advantige.

Ally: I say,

Kristen: [choked up] Ragh, I get you brother. We'll get through this together.

Ragh: When you're here, you're family!

Ally: I eat some minestrone.

Group laughs.

Lou: It's so affordable.

Ally: So affordable!

Brennan: Nat 20 from Ragh.

Players cheer.

Ally: Gay power.

Lou: Can that just be gay spit—

Brennan: Incredible.

Lou: And nothing else?

Players laugh.

Lou: It’s just hock, ‘open your mouth, open your mouth’.

Emily: Ideally, gay spit.

Brennan: Ragh deals an incredible [counting] 11,18, plus 14… he deals 32
points of damage to Dayne Blayde.

Players make impressed noises.

Zac: Dayne Blayde's still alive?

Lou: He’s pretty--

Siobhan: Yeah

Emily: There’s not that many left.

Murph: He’s the QB.

Lou: We knocked his ass out in the—

Zac: The first-- that last fight.

Lou: We had the cool thing where it's the three of us.

Murph: Everyone attacked, I think. Everyone hit.

Brennan: Okay, that is Ragh's turn, Gorgug, that's you baby.

Zac: Okay, look.

Lou: [Telemaine accent] Jorjudge.

Players: [chorusing] Jorjudge.

Zac: Gorgug is just gonna walk up to Dayne.

Lou: A lot of walking today, I love it.

Zac: Dayne and Daybreak are kinda next to each other, right?

Lou: We’re not afraid.

Siobhan: It’s a nice day in hell.

Brennan: Sorry, Dayne, you're gonna get up to Dayne, yeah, you can get there
in 30 feet.

Zac: Okay, how hurt is Dayne?

Brennan: Extremely hurt.

Brennan: Okay, I am going to just attack him. He's still prone, right?

Brennan: Yes, he is still prone.

Zac: Hell yeah.

Gorgug: Dayne, sorry bud.

Group laughs.

Murph: [chuckling] Classic Jorjudge.

Zac: 15\. And then... Okay, does a 16 hit?

Brennan: 16 does not hit.

Zac: Interesting.

Players laugh.

Zac: I'm gonna—

Gorgug: Okay, Dayne, I'm really sorry about this one though.

Zac: Okay good, it's a nine, 19?

Brennan: 19 hits.

Siobhan: You should be rolling with advantage.

Zac: Yeah, yeah.

Lou: Yeah, you should.

Siobhan: 'Cause he's prone.

Zac: I know, this is the second, yeah. So 19 for-- or 21, for the second hit
then.

Brennan: 21 hits as well.

Zac: Okay and I'll just do roll damage to see if I kill this dude. That is
only 10 damage.

Brennan: Still up.

Gorgug: Okay but Dayne, I gotta be sorriest of all about this one.

Group laughs.

Dayne: Dude, dude, are you an Owlbear now? You don't have to do this.

Kristen: Stop apologizing to the homophobe.

Players laugh.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: 19—

Zac: To hit.

Brennan: 19 to hit, 19 hits.

Zac: That is, another 14 damage.

Siobhan: Yass.

Brennan: Ooh. Gorgug, you stand over Dayne Blayde, he says,

Dayne: [panicked] Dude, dude, dude, we're both Owlbears!

Gorgug: You're not an Owlbear anymore. [raises axe]

Weapon connects with a loud noise.

Players cheer.

Zac: And then I cut off his head?

Brennan: You fully [explosion noise] fire there—

Zac: And then I catch his head and I pretend to throw it like I'm going out
for a pass.

Brennan: Yeah, you see—

Fabian: Oh he's the quarterback.

Brennan: You see that Ragh, Ragh, Gorgug and Fabian are all here over Dayne's
dead body as you go for the long one and you see he goes,

Ragh: [crying] Fuck that dude, hoot growl!

Brennan: And goes for a three-way chest bump.

Ragh, Fabian and Gorgug bump chests.

Zac: Can I throw his head at a missile?

Siobhan: I duck, I'm right in the middle of all this.

Adaine ducks.

Emily laughs.

Adaine: Oh god, the jocks are being feisty.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Incredible. By the way, Gorgug, at the beginning of--

Riz: [shouting distantly] Adaine, get out of there!

Adaine: I'm trying!

Brennan: Beginning of your turn, you have potential for 3 temp HP.

Gorgug: I won't take it, I'll stay.

Brennan: You'll stay.

Ally: I'm still living for “Toxic masculinity is dead.”

Players laugh.

Ally: “I dance now!”

Brennan: Fig, that's you.

Emily: Are there anymore, are there anymore—

Lou: I also feel like—

Emily: Cannonballs coming at us?

Lou: There's no way toxic masculinity is over.

Brennan: Missiles?

Lou: But Fabian thinks that—

Brennan: Not that you can see right now, no.

Lou: ‘I stopped it, right now.’

Emily: I can't see any. Okay so who's even left here?

Lou: ‘I danced, and it’s over.’

Emily: Actually you know what, I'll resolve this first. The imp is gonna go to
Raz—

Ally: Who?

Brennan: To go to Vraz the Mean?

Emily: Baby, Baby is invisible and I wanna send him to try and pickpocket
something from her.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Oooh, nice.

Emily: She seems like she has lots of important documents that perhaps change
the fate of hell, so ideally I'd want him to, like, pickpocket some kind of
legal ledger or important pen or something like that.

Brennan: Hell yeah, give me a roll.

Emily: Okay. Come on, Baby.

Brennan: We'll call it DC 20.

Emily: Okay, he didn't get it, [chuckling] I'm gonna use a luck point.

Brennan laughs.

Ally: Yes!

Fabian: Luck point for Baby.

Emily: Gah, he doesn't get it. 17.

Brennan: 17, he doesn't find any, like, awesome full magical contracts but you
see that he picks a couple, something out of her satchel that seems to be a
small scrap of something. He goes,

Baby: I don't wanna let her know I'm here, but I had to get something.
[ominous giggles]

Fig: That's good, keep stealing from her, I like it.

Emily: And then who's left on this boat? 'Cause I--

Brennan: Daybreak, Penelope.

Emily: If I felt like there was another cannonball coming, I would save my
action and Psionic Blast whoever appeared but if I don't see a cannonball
coming, then I'm just gonna go after some of the people that are on board.

Brennan: You see you're about to impact the fiery sky. It looks like because
the flagship was at the head of the armada, that it's sort of out of missile
range by now. Bill's having a time back with the devils at the helm. Johnny
Spells just climbed back up onto the ship. Otherwise, it's just Daybreak in
melee with everybody and then Penelope's still in her Globe at the front of
the ship.

Emily: Okay then you know what, I think I'm just gonna go up and just straight
up attack Daybreak.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: And, let's see. That's a nat 1, can I use another luck point? On a nat
1?

Brennan: Yeah if you want to, yeah go for it.

Emily: That's a 2.

Brennan: Oh no.

Emily: So I don't hit but then I will bonus word, Healing Word-- Bonus action
Healing Word, Fabian. And it's max now, right?

Brennan: Every healing spell is max within the Beacon of Hope.

Murph: Sweet.

Ally: Awesome.

Emily: Okay, so I'll do a third level—

Lou: So dope.

Emily: So that's 12.

Lou: Wow.

Emily: Oh plus 9 so that's actually 21.

Lou: 21, hell yes!

Brennan: What's Fabian at right now?

Lou: 43.

Brennan: Oh, how about it.

Siobhan: Beautiful.

Fabian: Fig, hell yes!

Fig: Yeah, man!

Brennan: Okay. That is going to be... Penelope's turn. Let me just see
something. Yeah that's gonna be everybody.

Siobhan: Counterspell, fourth level.

Brennan: Fourth level Counterspell? Cool, hold on one second.

Siobhan: Wait. I haven't gone yet. I already Counterspelled, I already used my
reaction. I'm policing myself, I did it. Nevermind. The thought was there, I
tried.

Brennan: I like it.

Zac: It was a good idea though.

Brennan: Good idea.

Zac: Gilear is in the sarcophagus?

Brennan: Gilear is in the sarcophagus which, right now, will probably save his
life, even as bad of an idea as it is. Hold on one--

Brennan: Did he get temp HP too?

Lou: Is the sarcophagus--

Siobhan: Yes, is the sarcophagus within the Twilit Hallows?

Brennan: Oh yes he actually does get temp HP. He got 6 temp HP, more than
double what he normally has.

Emily gasps delightedly.

Siobhan: That's fantastic, well done Gilear.

Brennan: How about that? Okay. What's the range on that, okay. Penelope steps
forward one, two, three, hold on, this is gonna be big.

Lou: I don't like that. I'll tell you right now, Brennan, I don't like that. I
don't like it to be big.

Brennan: Yeah, that's everybody.

Emily: You didn't roll my new temp, my new temp HP.

Lou: There you go, see, you got things to do before you do this big stuff.

Brennan: Fig, your new temp HP is 8.

Emily: I will take it!

Lou: Yee-haw.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: That might keep me up.

Brennan: This is going to be--

Lou: Stop, stop.

Murph: Does she get me even though she can't see me?

Brennan: Yes, 'cause she's doing area of effect. I am going to need everybody
here to make a Constitution saving throw.

Siobhan: Can I have Boggy give me the help action now?

Brennan: Yes you can but Boggy might be going away in a moment.

Siobhan: Oh no!

Lou: You can't just say things like that.

Siobhan: What is wrong--

Murph: You can't do this.

Lou: That's very loose dude, you can't just be saying things like Boggy's—
[rolls, sees it] thank god.

Emily: 17.

Murph and Ally groan after seeing Murph’s roll.

Siobhan: 21.

Zac: We don't have advantage right now, that's right.

Murph: I got a 6.

Brennan: Hold on one sec gang.

Siobhan: Wait, if I don't use Boggy for advantage, do I roll for Boggy then?

Brennan: If, like— Ayda has made GAF incorporeal for this fight.

Siobhan: Oh, okay.

Brennan: So you can do the same with Boggy and have him not be at risk of
getting destroyed. He just won't be in the fight, helping you.

Siobhan: I'll keep him in the fight, helping me 'cause I can bring him back—

Brennan: You can always bring him back. He'll just be momentarily gone. He's a
familiar, [intensely, to audience] he'll just be momentarily gone. I'm not
even looking in the chat.

Siobhan: Please @ Brennan.

Murph: He will feel death though.

Siobhan: Find his email on the internet.

Murph: He'll feel what it feels like to die.

Brennan: He will feel what it feels like to die.

Lou: He’ll be haunted by Boggy.

Emily: Oh, what a cute haunting it'd be.

Brennan: Okay hold on one second.

Emily: I'd want it to be like all Bloody Mary, like he shows up in your
mirrors.

Siobhan: Hell yes. When you say Boggy. Bogariel Frogariel.

Lou and Emily: [chanting] Bogariel Frogariel, Bogariel Frogariel, Bogariel
Frogariel

Lou: [high-pitched] ‘Oh, yes, Boggy!’

Ally: And you just hear [frog noise]

Lou makes frog noises

Brennan: Okay, Ayda and Sandra Lynn are both off of this… Oh, Protection—

Zac: What has Ayda been doing?

Brennan: Protection— Sorry, she's been, it's her turn next, she's gonna take
hers next. I am just looking at something real—

Emily: I did wink at her so technically she has Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: Cool. She and Sandra Lynn are both out of the range of this. One
second. You also, I believe, you do have advantage on this because of
Protection from Evil and Good. Okay.

Emily squeaks and rerolls.

Emily: I’m gonna go with the one that I rolled.

Brennan: Ragh and Tracker both fail.

Emily: What is a failure? I got a 17.

Brennan: Who here got a 16 or higher?

Lou, Emily, and Siobhan raise their hands.

Brennan: Gorgug didn't make it, Kristen didn't make it, Riz didn't make it,
okay. So here's what's gonna happen. You see Penelope step up and go

Penelope: [mock-sympathetically] Oh I'm so sorry guys, time to chill out.

Brennan: [explosion noise] And a Cone of Cold covers the entire, it completely
eviscerates most of Bill's crew. [counting out dice] One, two, three, four,
five, ooh six, oh dear, seven.

Lou: These are d4s, right?

Brennan: These are d—

Ally: These are actually d2s, yeah.

Lou: Yeah, d2s.

Ally: Little coins.

Murph: Just little coins, back there.

Siobhan: Little coins.

Zac pretends to flip coins.

Siobhan: They're trick coins, they're both 1s.

Murph: That's gonna be a big 12 damage to everybody who failed and none to
anybody who passed.

Lou: Everyone gets none damage.

Murph: Cool, 6 damage I'm fine. Is everyone else good?

Zac: I gained health. My roll of 9. [chuckles] I have +7.

Lou: Also can't it be, it's gotta be hard to cast a Cone of Cold in hell.

Emily: Yeah, that's true. Probably has to do some sort of Arcana check right?

Lou: [laughing] Yeah, exactly.

Emily: Probably a really high DC Arcana check.

Murph: Like trying to scoop ice cream in an oven, really.

Lou: 30 -- Exactly.

Emily: Yeah

Zac: Technically, I'm resistant to thunder damage because of my headphones so
maybe... Thunder’s pretty adjacent to ice.

Murph: So thunder’s sort of ice.

Siobhan: Yeah, cold and thunder. It’s like a weather effect

Murph: If I’m out in the rain it might be thundering and I would probably be
cold. If you think about it.

Players make noises of agreement.

Ally: Yeah, that’s true.

Lou: Think about it, Brennan.

Siobhan: Yeah think about it.

Brennan: So the people that failed this take 40 points of cold damage.

Various exclamations of disbelief

Murph: Can I use Uncanny Dodge to do half?

Brennan: Does Uncanny Dodge allow you to do it in response to Constitution
saves, or—

Murph: I thought it was an attack you can see but it might just be a melee
attack. I can look it up.

Brennan: Let me double— look it up and let me know if you can. But those who
take 40, those who made the save instead take 20. Boggy is [snaps] destroyed.

Adaine: Noooooooo!

Brennan: Freezes, cracks, falls apart.

Adaine: You killed my frog.

Zac: Did she hit Daybreak?

Brennan: She is able to sculpt the spell around Daybreak.

Siobhan: Oh ‘cause she’s a sorcerer.

Zac: Must be nice.

Siobhan: Must be nice.

Brennan: The Hangman also takes 40 points of cold damage.

Lou: [hesitantly] Really?

Brennan: How many hit points does the Hangman have?

Lou: [quietly] 27.

Brennan: Hangman,

Hangman lets out a choked gasp and goes still.

Brennan: Frozen, goes down.

Ally: No! Gorgug, fix him!

Fabian: Gorgug.

Gorgug: [sighing] Okay.

Players laugh.

Brennan: So you guys see, the two people, did anyone drop from that or no?

Ally: No, no.

Brennan: What is everyone's hit point total right now?

Emily: Why would I tell you? 43.

Brennan: 43.

Zac: 80, baby.

Siobhan: 36.

Lou: 23.

Zac: Baby?

Lou: Thank you.

Ally: 31, Baby.

Emily: He’s fine, Baby’s off pickpocketing.

Murph: Potentially, potentially at 15 if I can’t use it. It's Evasion, not
Uncanny Dodge.

Brennan: You guys see the Hangman drop, Boggy is dead. But the Hangman is not
fully dead. The Hangman's just down, like, broken. Tracker drops. Which means
that both the Twilight Sanctuary and the Beacon of Hope are gone.

Siobhan: Does that mean we lose our temp HP or are we still--

Brennan: You have your temp HP, you just won't get more.

Zac: That damage took the temp HP.

Siobhan: Right. Right, right, right.

Brennan: One second.

Lou: [mournfully] Bogariel Frogariel.

Emily: Honestly that wasn't as impressive as the Destructive Wrath though,
right?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Destructive Wrath was more impressive.

Siobhan: Yeah I think so.

Ally: Thank you.

Zac: Some really sick spells all around.

Murph: Wording of Uncanny Dodge is starting at fifth level, when an attacker
that you can see hits you with an attack, you can use your reaction to halve
the attack's damage against you.

Brennan: This is not an attack.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So you are at 15. That is now going to be Daybreak's turn.

Zac: Come at me, Daybreak.

Brennan: Daybreak does not come at you, Daybreak moves to the side to go after
Kristen.

Zac: Can I get an attack of opportunity on him?

Lou: Yeah, I'm a Sentinel. Can I get an attack on--

Brennan: The only person right now--

Emily: Can I have an attack--

Brennan: Based on your--

Siobhan: Can I do an attack of opportunity against him?

Emily laughs.

Brennan: No, the only actually, the only person who can take an attack of
opportunity is Fig right now.

Emily: [delightedly] Really? Okay. Come on.

Various “Come on Fig!” and “Get him”

Emily: God, I've never asked you for anything. I got a 2 again.

Brennan: [sympathetically] No...

Ally: Baby.

Brennan: Okay. That is going to be, he's gonna take two swings with his
halberd at Kristen.

Kristen: Can I help you?

Brennan: [snickers] Kristen's armor class, Daybreak is gonna hit both times.

Ally: Shield, so my AC's now 20.

Brennan: How do you have Shield?

Ally: I don't know. [holds up spell card]

Brennan: I think that's Shield of Faith, which is a different spell.

Ally: Oh okay.

Players laugh

Ally: Shield of Faith.

Brennan: This is not usable as a reaction. That is a concentration spell.

Murph: You were confident though.

Emily: The best part was how confidently they pulled up Shield of Faith.

Ally: Just cast a shield. That's how you use it?

Brennan: That one gives someone a plus two AC for as long as they're
concentrated.

Ally: Oh!

Emily: Just so confidently “Shield” holding up a different card.

Zac: Pete had Shield, Ricky had Shield of Faith.

Ally: I just, I think maybe I have Shield, okay? Oooh, right. Yes, Glyph of
Warding that I thought—

Brennan: You see--

Siobhan: So different.

Brennan: You guys see that, you guys see that Daybreak begins to start
regenerating. And he's going to hit--

Emily: “Shield” [holds up spell card]. “Shield” [holds up spell card]

Group laughs and holds up various cards, saying “Shield”.

Brennan: He deals 7, 17... 27 points of damage to Kristen.

Emily and Lou continue holding up cards and saying “Shield”.

Zac: How you doing?

Ally: I'll take all of this into consideration. I'm at 22.

Murph: We're all gonna die, y'all.

Emily: No, I will save everyone with my bonus action Healing Word and the 2's
I keep rolling.

Murph: And the Beacon of Hope is down now that Tracker's down.

Brennan: You guys see, Ayda Aguefort flies down, seeing that things are not
going well.

Lou: [jokingly] Okay Ayda, things are going fine.

Emily: Yeah I don’t think they were doing--

Adaine: Ayda, do you have Dispel Magic stocked?

Brennan: She flies out and says,

Ayda: There's an expression: Great minds think alike.

Brennan: And [energy sound effect] she rips the Abjurative Globe without any
roll, using a sixth level spell slot and the Globe of Invulnerability around
Penelope is gone. That is—

Ally: Wait, what does Daybreak have?

Zac: Like a big--

Siobhan: It's a halberd.

Ally: It's a halbert?

Zac, Siobhan and Murph: Halberd.

Brennan: Big gleaming halberd.

Siobhan: Like a spear with an axehead.

Brennan: Beginning of the next round the ship is going for a rocky entry
because the crew just got killed in this Cone of Cold. You see Bill shouts out
and goes,

Bill: Bumpy entry, boy, everyone! [choking noise] Stop choking me with that
chain!

Brennan: Cling, clang, clang. I'm gonna need a new lair roll as Kalvaxus
enters.

Players: [chanting] Murph, Murph, Murph, Murph!

Brennan: 19!

Group cheers and claps

Brennan: You see that Bill looks out and goes, he looks at you and says,

Bill: You love your father, boy?

Riz: [bewildered] Yes? Yes.

Bill: [weeping] That's a good lad.

Brennan: [flame sound effect] You are in the flame and suddenly [explosion
noise] breach through, choking smoke and thick freezing rain, over an endless
city of cast iron. This is Dis, the second level of the nine hells. A
sprawling metropolis of dread, misery and torture. [energy sound] You see that
klaxons begin to ring huge wrought-iron bells as devils shout,

Devils: It's Seacaster!

Brennan: As these ships just descend from the clouds. Bill has some way of
traveling through the layers beyond what the devils can find. You see that,
Bill looks at you and says,

Bill: All right lad, where's your father?

Riz: In a room with a bunch of goblins?

Bill: Keep your eyes peeled for a room.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You see that—

Riz: He was in a chair, there's chairs in the room.

Fig: Any light fixtures?

Riz: Yes there was one light fixture, but I think that was magical so possible
magical light fixture, possible no light fixture.

Gorgug: Level of brightness in the room?

Riz: Low.

Gorgug: Okay.

Riz: But magical again, so it might not be there.

Fig: What type of chair?

Brennan: Tracker is going to make her first death saving throw.

Ally: Ohhh, no...

Lou: It just hit me that we actually have to, that's a reality.

Brennan: 13 is a success. Sandra Lynn smashes with Baxter onto the deck of the
ship. And is going to second level Cure Wounds, Tracker is back up with 11 hit
points.

Ally: Thank you, Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: But now Sandra Lynn is in the mix with everybody else. You see...

Emily: (to her d20) Why, where have you been? (to Murph) I just dropped it and
it was a 20.

Brennan: Those guys are all gone, Fabian, that's you, baby.

Lou: Great.

Fabian: [to Gorgug] Daybreak or Penelope, any preference?

Gorgug: No.

Fabian: Great.

Gorgug: I probably, well, whatever, whatever you feel comfortable with.

Lou: Can I close with Penelope?

Brennan: Can you close with Penelope, great question.

Lou: I feel more confident about Daybreak but I just wanna know, what is the
distance between Penelope and I?

Brennan: One, two, three, four, five, you can get there in 30 feet with an
Acrobatics check to cover difficult terrain. But other than that, she's more
than 30 feet away.

Siobhan: If you hold until my action, I can pick you up with the Hand.

Lou: Okay.

Siobhan: Or you can do the Acrobatics check.

Murph: Hand might be good for throwing Daybreak.

Lou: Yeah, I'm gonna go for the Acrobatics check. Or can I make it an
Athletics check that involves jumping?

Brennan: Sorry, what's that?

Lou: Can I make it an Athletics check that involves jumping?

Brennan: Sure, yeah.

Lou: Great. Well then I'll use the Sneakers of Dunking. Here we go now.

Siobhan: Nice.

Lou: A nat 1 and a 19, so it'll be 27.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You run along the deck of your father's ship, swashbuckle
up the gutter, vault over the banister and bam, land on the fo'c'sle.

Fabian: Do you remember prom? We did a very similar thing.

Lou: And I'll attack.

Penelope: Oh god, you're such a freak!

Brennan: And go for it.

Lou: Great. First one is-- How close is she to the edge?

Brennan: She's about ten feet from the edge.

Lou: [claps] I like that.

Siobhan: That was so loud.

Lou: Sorry, it was just an exciting number to hear. We're gonna hit her for—

Brennan: What is your roll, what's your attack roll?

Lou: It's, it is 26.

Brennan: She casts Shield, it doesn't do anything.

Siobhan: Counterspell.

Brennan: You're gonna Counterspell her Shield? Okay.

Ally: The Shield didn't do any—

Siobhan: Oh, the Shield didn't do anything?

Brennan: The Shield didn't do anything.

Siobhan: Oh okay, I thought that Fabian was--

Lou: I'm gonna use a Mobile Flourish to push her five feet plus whatever my
Bardic Inspiration is. So if it's a 6, I believe she'll—

Brennan: If you roll a 6 in the Box of Doom, she will go over the edge.

Lou: Great. And yeah.

Murph: That's a guaranteed 6, that's a guaranteed 6.

Players say “Guaranteed 6” overlapping

Brennan: 5.

Players groan.

Murph: That's a 5. But that’s 10 feet so she’s on the edge.

Siobhan: Teetering.

Brennan: So that's a 5, and a 1 on the d8.

Lou: 1 on the d8, so that's 10 plus 5, so 15 damage and she gets pushed 10
feet and then as a College of Swords bard, I get 10 plus feet of movement.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: With my, whenever I attack so I'd like to close and just kick with my
second attack.

Brennan: Go for it. You're just gonna try to do a shove, just shove her off?

Lou: I just wanna shove her off the boat, she should be up against the edge.
She's one feet away.

Brennan: [chuckling] This is just an opposed Athletics. You might be amazed to
know that her Athletics is not great.

Lou: I also think something like this happened at prom as well.

Brennan: She did roll a natural 16.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: And you have to roll this straight. Her Athletics is -1, you have to
beat a 15.

Lou: All right, I have a 9.

Brennan: So a 6 or higher does it.

Lou rolls in front of the board.

Everyone cheers loudly.

Emily: Bye, Penelope!

Brennan: You whip around [making sound effects] blanket and BOOM! Kick her off
the deck of your father's— Kick her off the deck of your father's ship. She
falls into the sky over the iron city of Dis, shrieking and wailing.

Fabian: I'm back, baby!

Brennan: Incredible. And she's used her reaction. That is going to be, that's
Fabian's turn. End of your turn, Daybreak's taking a legendary to swing at
Kristen. He hits, dealing—

Ally: [quietly] Shield. Sorry.

Players laugh.

Emily: [holding up a random spellcard] That's gonna be a Shield. It's gonna be
a Shield.

Lou: What is this, Shield?

Ally, copying Emily, holds up an orange sign that says “No Cursing”.

Ally: Shield.

Brennan: He deals 11 points of damage to Kristen.

Ally: Okay I'm at 11.

Brennan: 11 points of damage to Kristen.

Ally: Oh wait, I have 9 temp hit points so I'm at 20.

Brennan: Remember, temp hit points don't stack.

Ally: Right right so if I had those 9 temp hit points there--

Brennan: It would be impossible for me to roll a nine on a d8, so.

Ally: Oh, weird.

Brennan: So make sure, don't add the temp hit points together.

Ally: I didn't think I was, but clearly I did. Okay so--

Brennan: So what is Kristen at?

Ally: Let's say 15.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: I don't know what the temp hit points were, so I just gave myself four
or whatever.

Brennan: Average it is good. Cool, that is, that's Daybreak, that's legendary.
Adaine, that's your turn.

Siobhan: Oh baby you know what I wanna do... is pick up Daybreak and throw him
off the side of the ship.

Lou: This Hand is a vibe.

Ally: It's like, claw machine.

Siobhan: Absolutely, it's a claw machine attack.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Is it a bonus action?

Siobhan: I'm just sitting here with my remote control.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: It’s a bonus action. It's a concentration spell bonus action.

Lou: That's incredible.

Siobhan: Oh, I didn't roll! To keep my concentration when I got those 20—

Brennan: Great go ahead, you took what, 20 damage?

Siobhan: I took 20 damage, I roll with advantage with War Mage. Yeah, that’s a
17.

Brennan: Great.

Siobhan: So yeah this is my opposed strength check against Daybreak is a 22.

Brennan: 22\. He's got a +9 to this.

Siobhan: Okay, he rolls a 9.

Brennan: He rolls a 9?

Siobhan: He rolls a 9, that's my other Divination roll.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: So he gets an 18 against my 22.

Brennan: He is going to use Indomitable to re-roll that 9.

Siobhan: It's fine, I'm using up his—

Brennan: You're using up Indomitables. He used one, he survives, he is not
pushed off the side. That's your bonus action.

Siobhan: And then, I guess I'll do a fourth level Chromatic Orb?

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: Against him. Which is, wait 'cause 3d8 is at first level so second
level would be 4d8, third 5, so 6d8 of cold damage against him. One, two,
three, can I have some d8's please?

Brennan: What's the save he has to make?

Emily: I think Chromatic Orb is just a melee spell attack, isn't it?

Siobhan: It's a—

Emily: Don't you roll?

Siobhan: Oh yeah, it'd be attack hits. Yes it's a--

Emily: Yeah you roll and add to your spell attack.

Siobhan: So yeah, it's me.

Brennan drinks his coffee and then pulls a disgusted face.

Brennan: Oh I forgot I put a candy dice in that.

Players laugh.

Murph: Did you swallow it whole?

Brennan: No.

Siobhan: Drink your dice, Brennan.

Murph: It's like a big pointy pill.

Brennan: [laughing] ‘We're gonna make you drink your dice’.

Murph: Drink your dice, dude.

Emily: Drink your dice.

Siobhan: That is a 26 to hit.

Brennan: That hits, go ahead and roll damage.

Siobhan: One, two, three, four, five, six. 6d8? Yes. Okay, ah sorry 5, 10, 15,
18 damage.

Brennan: 18 damage, hell yeah. Light him up with the cold [sound effect],
throw the Hand at him. That's now going to be the end of Adaine's turn. He's
gonna take another legendary action, take a swing.

Gorgug: Kristen!

Brennan: Swings at Kristen, hits.

Emily: [holds up card] Shield.

Ally: [holds up the “No Cursing” sign again] Shield.

Brennan: And deals you 12 points of slashing damage.

Ally: Okay. I'm at three.

Brennan: That is going to be—

Kristen: Are you lost?

Brennan: That's Riz.

Riz: [casually] Remember me, Daybreak?

Murph: I shoot him.

Players laugh.

Murph: That's a 22.

Gorgug: Riz, can we get that line again?

Brennan: 22 hits.

Fabian: Just energy.

Ally: [sleepily] Remember me...

Riz: Sorry, I got sleepy while I was hiding.

Lou: I love that.

Ally: Sleepy while I was hiding.

Emily: He took a nap?

Lou: It got real cold. Found a blanket in your hiding spot.

Murph: 11, 16, 19, 23, 26...

Ally: [looking at Murph’s dice] Oooh! Wow, that's a really good one.

Murph: 32 damage.

Brennan: Ooh, Jesus.

Emily: Incredible.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Blam, you blast Daybreak at the end of Riz's turn.

Murph: I hide, I hide again.

Brennan: He's gonna take a swing at Kristen with his last legendary of the
round.

Ally: Miss, miss!

Brennan: On a nat 17, he hits.

Ally groans.

Brennan: He deals you 10 points of damage.

Ally: All right.

Brennan: Is Kristen down?

Ally: Yeah, yeah I’m down.

Emily: [faux-cheerfully] Don't worry Kristen, I've got a little thing called
Healing Word.

Brennan: Kristen, I’m gonna need a death saving throw from you.

Murph: Oh no, it's your turn?

Ally: It's a 9.

Brennan: That's a failure.

Emily: Could have been a 1.

Zac: That’s okay.

Ally: We'll be fine. What am I seeing in whatever my version of the afterlife
is?

Brennan: You're in hell right now, so I think you're back in Silvaire kind of
looking at a nice tree.

Kristen: Oh cool, I love nature. This tree is so nice.

Murph: Don't go to the tree, Kristen don't go to the tree!

Emily: Kristen, come back to hell.

Ally: I've seen so many trees.

Murph: You've gotta come back to hell.

Brennan: Ragh slams Coach Daybreak for 12 points of damage.

Ally: A little late.

Brennan: [laughs] And that's going to be Gorgug.

Gorgug: Kristen!

Zac: I run over there and I'm just gonna Recklessly attack.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: All right. First hit is 28, Second hit 25, Third hit 27. Three hits. 11,
12, 3. So 11, 12, 3, 23, 26 plus 24. So 26 plus 24, I do...

Brennan: 50, Jesus.

Zac: 50 damage

Players cheer.

Lou: My guy!

Brennan: You just start laying--

Daybreak: What the hell? What's that Owlbear pin doing on your hoodie?

Gorgug: Oh I'm on the freaking team, you dick.

Group laughs.

Daybreak shouts angrily.

Gorgug: And we're doing great. And we're doing so much better without you.

Daybreak: No you're not, you can't be!

Gorgug: You were a bad coach.

Fabian: Yes, we are.

Brennan: Fig, that is you.

Emily: Okay, I have to use for a spell, Healing Word on Kristen which means
I'm gonna attack. Can I get the help action from Baby? 'Cause I've been
rolling nothing but 2's.

Ally: Invisible Baby.

Brennan: Yes. You can get the help action--

Emily: I can?

Brennan: From Baby.

Ally: Juicy Baby.

Emily: Okay, so I guess I'm just gonna attack Daybreak. Well first, I'm gonna
Healing Word bring up Kristen.

Kristen: [gasping] The tree!

Gorgug: And can I say I was standing in front of Kristen?

Brennan: Unfortunately you can't muscle in between where Kristen and Daybreak
are. You could like, I guess you can stand over her unconscious body?

Zac: Sure.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: So Kristen you get, Kristen you get 16 hit points and then I have no
choice but to attack Daybreak using Booming Blade. Does a 21 hit?

Brennan: 21 hits.

Emily: Yes, okay I'm gonna use a Bardic Inspiration to do an extra 3d6.

All cheer.

Emily: And if he willingly moves after this, he will take 2d8 more of thunder
damage.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: 17 damage.

Brennan: 17 damage to him? You [electric bass sound effect].

Emily: And let me know if he willingly moves.

Brennan: I will let you know if he willingly moves.

Siobhan: How is he still up?

Brennan: He’s still up.

Zac: He regenerates health.

Brennan: That's Fig's turn.

Emily: He regenerates health?

Zac: I guess.

Brennan: As Penelope begins to fall away, she is going to Misty Step back to
the ship and Firebolt Fabian.

Fabian: Lame. We're just going to do this again.

Brennan: She hits and deals, one, two, three--

Siobhan: Wait how many—

Lou: 23.

Brennan: Oh shit.

Zac: Firebolt's a cantrip.

Siobhan: Yeah you're right, it’s a cantrip. I won’t Counterspell it.

Lou: It's 3d8. She'd have to do max.

Zac: I guess no one else is gonna cast a spell before she has to—

Brennan: 11 deals 19 points of damage to Fabian.

Emily: What are you at?

Lou: I'm at 4.

Siobhan: I'm just worried that she, something that's legendary, somebody else
turns up.

Zac: I think Daybreak. Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: She goes

Penelope: Kicking a girl? Not a good look. Nice blanket.

Fabian: It's a sheet.

Adaine: It's the queen of mean.

Fabian: No, the queen of mean is at the other end of the ship. If you think
you've got barbs, wait until you meet Vraz.

Vraz waggles her tongue menacingly.

Brennan: You see, that is Penelope's turn. That goes back to Daybreak. He is
not going to let up, takes a swing at Kristen. Misses. Takes another swing at
Kristen.

Gorgug: Hey what about me?

Brennan: Hits.

Ally: But Gorgug's there.

Brennan: Doesn't matter, he's gonna try to go for you.

Lou: But what of Gorgug?

Brennan: Deals 8 points of damage.

Emily: You're still standing.

Brennan: That is Daybreak's turn.

Emily: Everyone try and stay up so I can do something other than Healing Word.

Zac: Is Tracker up now?

Brennan: Tracker is also up. You see--

Fabian: Tracker, put your blood in my mouth.

Kristen: Fabian?

Fabian: Sorry, you know like, like the spell, not like a weird— you remember.

Kristen: I'm not totally. I don't remember.

Fabian: Sandra Lynn, remember blood?

Gorgug: No one knows what you're talking about

Adaine: Kristen put your blood in Fabian's mouth.

Riz: Fabian you're being weird.

Fabian: No I'm not, it was a thing.

Riz: You're being weird.

Kristen: Nice blanket.

Fabian: Okay, am I in a nightmare? What's happening?

Gorgug: A sheet is a blanket.

Adaine: Yeah dude, you need help.

Brennan: Okay, Ayda Aguefort's about to do something extremely badass. Now
let's see if she can roll well enough to see if this works.

Fig: [sighs] I wish I could do a cool spell in front of her.

Brennan: Oh shit.

Gorgug: You helped your friend.

Kristen: You brought me back to life.

Adaine: You did that psychic boom. That was cool.

Gorgug: You saved your friend's life.

Fig: I know, but I don't know if she saw that.

Gorgug: And then you stabbed him.

Fig: I know but it was only--

Gorgug: Pretty cool.

Fig: It didn't kill him.

Kristen: No, it was cool. It was cool

Gorgug: Literally none of us have killed anyone.

Kristen: She's crazy about you. You can literally sit and drink a cortado this
whole fight and she’d just be, she'd love it.

Brennan: You see that Ayda begins to fly to the ship. She looks and says,

Ayda: This is becoming extremely taxing. We would like this to end.

Brennan: And [sound effect] as she's flying, begins to, the only way to put it
is, teleport multiple times per second so there is like a flickering group of
ten of her flying at the ship. And you see that she begins to slash out with
her talons and simultaneously through, like, teleporting in quantum space to
different places, deals 10, 18, 28 damage to Daybreak and Penelope.

Emily: [sarcastically] Yeah no, you’re right, my Healing Word was pretty cool.

Ally and Emily laugh.

Zac: Is Johnny Spells here?

Siobhan: Yeah where's, is Johnny Spells here?

Brennan: [laughing] He just crawled back up. He hasn't had a chance to take a
turn yet. And then, two, cool, that is now going to be, back at the top of the
next order. Bill's gonna look at you, Riz, and he's going to say, he says,

Bill: Lad, we need an answer. Your father, he's somewhere in the city?

Riz: He's inside some kind of big, do you know where goblins would be?

Bill: [yelling] Do you love your father boy?

Riz: [yelling] I do, I do, but that doesn't--

Bill: [yelling] Do you love your father?

Riz: [screaming] Yes, I love him, he’s in my heart! I—

Brennan: You see he points at one of his pirates and says,

Bill: Do you believe in family?

Riz: Yeah.

Bill: Stuff him in the cannon!

Players make various shocked expressions.

Brennan: Two of the pirates stuff you in the cannon, light the fuse—

Fig: No, take, send me with him!

Brennan: And blasts you off into the city.

Fig: He can't go on his own!

Brennan: You are blasted off into the city. [cannon firing noise] Go ahead and
give me a Dexterity saving throw.

Lou: What's happening?

Emily: Can I do an Insight check to see if he's having fun?

Brennan: Bill Seacaster? He's having a great time.

Emily: No, Riz.

Murph: I'm just baffled. I'm like, ‘If you think it'll work, Mr. Seacaster.’
Oh no. That's a 14.

Zac: You have Evasion, right?

Murph: I don't think is a, I mean—

Emily: I don't think it's an attack.

Murph: I'm being blown out of a cannon.

Brennan: 14 is successful—

Murph: Oh great.

Brennan: So you take half of, you take 7 plus 6, 13 bludgeoning damage.

Murph: Barely alive.

Brennan: Boom, as you are fired off, smashed through a window into the city.
And you guys see that some pirates fire Riz out of a cannon into the city.

Emily: How far away is he now?

Brennan: Probably a couple hundred feet.

Fabian: Papa! What are you doing?

Bill: We don't have the time, boy, we have to find him!

Fig: I understand that, but I think his hit points are pretty low.

Adaine: I literally have a spell that can find him!

Bill: He'll be fine.

Clanking swords ring out.

Riz: [fading] I’m The Ball!

Adaine: Why are we throwing people out of cannons?

Fabian: The Ball is the Ball again.

Zac: Cannon Ball.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me another lair action roll.

Players: [chanting] Murph, Murph, Murph.

Murph: 16!

Players cheer.

Brennan: Okay, the ship courses off over the city and begins to do this bank
and it just starts broadsiding, cannons just firing tons of gold and holy
water and saints' finger bones wrapped in old parchment, and the city just
begins to light up as other ships of the armada begin to arrive. You tumble
out of a broken, like, dark red and black stained glass window—

Riz: Ow.

Brennan: —in a strangely familiar seeming building.

Murph: Is anybody around?

Brennan: Empty room. It seems that the devils have all heard the alarms and
have all sort of fled.

Riz: Dad?

Brennan: The place echoes but you see a familiar dark hallway.

Murph: I rush down the hallway.

Brennan: That's the lair action.

Players groan.

Brennan: That's gonna be Sandra Lynn and Tracker. Tracker's gonna hit Kristen
with a max level to her—

Players laugh.

Murph: [laughing] Tracker's gonna hit Kristen with a mace.

Brennan: She goes, she goes,

Tracker: [snarling] Everyone look away.

Brennan: Jumps, sixty-nine.

Players laugh.

Ally cheers.

Zac: I'm in the same square!

Group laughs.

Brennan: ‘I'm in the same square.’

Ally: I think your leg is hers and I'm like— [mimes stroking Gorgug’s leg]

Gorgug: Get off me! Don't involve me. I don't think I'm comfortable with this!

Brennan: Eight plus five, 13 hit points.

Emily: Oh. that’s crazy. I actually gave you more, huh?

Brennan: Kristen, you are back up. You see she looks at you, she actually just
gives you a very sweet kiss on the mouth and says,

Tracker: Double clerics, baby, nobody can keep us down for long.

Kristen: That's right, that's right.

Tracker: Literally, they can't keep us down for long.

Kristen: No they really cannot. We are back up, we bounce back.

Brennan: That is Tracker. Sandra Lynn is going to fire twice with her bow at
Daybreak. Hits once, deals damage. That is going to be Fabian.

Lou: We're gonna do it again. I'll swing on Penelope.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Does a nat 20 hit?

Players cheer.

Brennan laughs.

Players: [chanting] Crit, crit, crit.

Lou: So I don't double, if I use Fandrangor—

Siobhan: You double everything.

Lou: Will I double everything if I use Fandrangor?

Brennan: You will double everything.

Lou: Great, so we're gonna hit her, we're gonna do the d8.

Zac: What is Fandrangor's deal?

Lou: Fandrangor!

Brennan: Yeah, read off Fandrangor's abilities.

Lou: Yes of course. [reading from item card] Fandrangor, Sword of the North
Star, Blade of the Elven Kings. Plus two to attack and damage. Finesse, one
handed, 1d8 piercing. Burn a spell slot on a hit, 1d6 damage per level.

Players make noises of appreciation.

Brennan: There you go.

Zac: That sounds like a pretty cool magical item.

Lou: It's pretty cool. So I will—

Zac: [points at camera] Let Brennan know if you want him to give me a magical—

Group laughs.

Emily: Ooh, me too.

Siobhan: Get us in the comments if you wanna give everybody else a rad magical
item.

Ally: I have a big bag of ice cream sandwiches.

Lou: So we'll do 2d8—

Siobhan: I gave Fabian that sword.

Brennan: 2d8—

Lou: I'll burn a second level spell.

Brennan: [laughing] Jesus Christ.

Lou: For 4d6 and then we'll make it a Mobile Flourish so we're kicking her
back off—

Players cheer.

Lou: —two more d6.

Zac: That's crazy.

Lou: Call me The Ball, cause--

Group laughs.

Lou: This is pretty heavy.

Zac: You’ve, like, backdoored your way into like, Divine Smite.

Lou: Oh there's so many 1s here guys 10... 3, 13.

Murph: You mentioned The Ball, and summoned my rolls.

Lou: Exactly. 20, 22 plus 9 for 31 points of damage and kicking them—

Ally: Off the boat?

Lou: Yeah, I guess if I can add both of the dice for Mobile Flourish, it would
be seven feet plus five. So twelve feet. So yet again, I kick them off the
boat.

Brennan sighs heavily and stares into the camera.

Siobhan: We love to see it folks.

Brennan: Hold on one sec guys, I have to do something.

[he changes the music the Seacaster pirate theme]

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: You see a twirl of magic, Penelope comes back up and says,

Penelope: [mockingly] I'm so sorry that you've had what appears to be some
kind of collapse and are like, fighting with a blanket now—

Players giggle.

Penelope: \--but I just wanna tell you something. We're gonna drag you and all
your shitty stupid little, what, Bad Kid friends, to hell. Forever.

Fig: I actually already live here, I'm an archdevil.

Brennan laughs.

Fabian: Yeah, did you hear that?

Adaine: Yeah we're just—

Fabian: She already lives here.

Adaine: —at our friend's house, dude.

Brennan: You see, you hear at the front, Kalvaxus say,

Kalvaxus: Again, if we recognize her later, I believe this fight seems mostly
lost. Use reason.

Brennan: You see she says,

Penelope: Now it's time for you to go. Bye bye Fabian.

Brennan: [magic sound effect] And in the midst of her preparing her next
spell, tell me what happens to Penelope Everpetal.

Lou: I think I, like, throw my sheet in such a way that it blocks her field of
vision. And by the time the sheet is gone, I'm gone.

Players giggle.

Murph: [laughing incredulously] Like that trick people do to dogs?

Group laughs.

Players mime holding up sheets and dropping them.

Lou: Yes, like that trick people do to dogs. And then by the time she notices
me again, I full on like, grab her by, like, around and just full on do some
kind of throw—

Brennan: You do like a tango swing dancing and just spin her off of the ship.
She,

Penelope screams.

Brennan: [impact noise] motes of silver light. You see up at the front, your
dad, who is just now, has his hook arm stabbing repeatedly into one of the
devils, looks up and just takes an entire legendary action to go,

Bill: [screaming] That's my darling boy!

Fabian: I am! I am your darling boy and I'm my own man. Those, I can be both
those things. I do not need to live in your shadow!

Bill: No, he's my own his darling man boy!

Fabian: Yes I am!

Group laughs.

Brennan: You see Penelope Everpetal is gone, baby.

Siobhan: Bye bitch.

Players whoop.

Emily: Penelope Never-petal.

Players make noises of agreement.

Murph: Niiiice.

Ally: That's right.

Emily: Thank you so much.

Siobhan: Yesss.

Emily: Thank you so much to everyone for this award.

Siobhan: Final Cutting Words as she falls.

Ally: What is Baby doing, is he dancing?

Emily laughs.

Siobhan dances in her seat.

Lou: Yes, I look to Baby.

Zac: Invisibly dancing?

Ally: Invisible dancing, yeah.

Emily: [laughing] Baby is invisible but doing a very crude celebration dance.

Fig: Baby! That is indecent!

Brennan: You guys see, huffing and puffing after coming his whole fucking way
up here, [chuckling] you see Johnny Spells, who is still around—

[music changes back to adventurous battle music]

Murph: Oh, no.

Brennan: —in this fucking fight, is gonna run up, he's going to perform a
spell real quick. He goes,

Johnny: Oh, you thought you could forget about Johnny Spells, huh? No one ever
really got into what my whole deal was, but you're going to now.

Fabian: Well it was, you just, you didn't fap. You were NoFap, that was your
whole thing.

Johnny: That's not the only thing about me!

Fabian: That is the whole thing.

Adaine: That was the whole thing—

Gorgug: The entire thing.

Adaine: —that you were a predator who didn't fuck.

Brennan: I'm gonna need a Dexterity--

Siobhan: [casually] Counterspell.

Players laugh.

Murph: [chuckling] So dismissive.

Brennan: [defeated] Yeah it's gone. [laughing] Yeah, it's full. He goes,

Johnny exclaims.

Brennan: Summons this fire spell, and Adaine, you smack it out of the air.

Adaine: Get outta here, you weird creep.

Johnny: Oh mama, pretty emasculating for the NoFap warlock.

Adaine: I don't like that you like that it's emasculating.

Johnny: I like it all, li’l mama.

Players laugh and groan.

Ally: [laughing] Li’l mama!

Adaine: No, no, no You're too horny, just masturbate. You're already in hell,
who cares?

Brennan: Adaine that is gonna be your turn.

Siobhan: Yeah I'm gonna ignore Johnny Spells who is clearly like, a wiener and
try and throw Daybreak off the ship again.

Brennan: Okay, hell yeah. Go ahead and roll your Athletics.

Siobhan: 19?

Brennan: 19? He had a nat 20.

Siobhan: Well good for him. In which case, I will... hit him with another
fourth level Chromatic Orb-- So, can I get those d8's back please?

Zac: You got some pretty good d8's over here.

Siobhan: Okay I'll take a couple of these d8's.

Emily: Okay, cause [unintelligible]

Zac and Emily pass dice to Siobhan.

Siobhan: Give me your kids. One, two, three, four, five..

Emily: \--when I tried ‘em out, they didn’t, didn’t.

Zac: We’re just curious.

Murph: You do an attack roll, right?

Adaine: Oh, I do do an attack roll, god damn. 20.

Brennan: You hit, go ahead and tell me how much damage you did.

Siobhan: 10...

Zac: Mine rolled an 8.

Brennan: 10—

Siobhan: No wait, no. 22, 27 damage.

Brennan: 27, what type of damage?

Siobhan: [hesitates] Cold.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: Cold, thunder, cold, thunder? Cold.

Brennan: Cold. So that's gonna be, hold on--

Siobhan: Is it only elemental? Can't do like, brilliant?

Siobhan: No, there's no radiant damage. I could do acid, cold, fire,
lightning, poison, or thunder.

Brennan: Legendary action at the end of Adaine's turn, misses Kristen. That's
going to be Riz, go ahead and give me an Investigation check.

Murph: Can I use Steady Eye to give myself advantage?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Murph: That is a 23.

Brennan: 23, you begin to rush down the hall. You see a familiar light coming
out from a closed doorway. There is a doorway next to it that is slightly
ajar, and you see, like, steel thrones in this room next to it, the door's
ajar and you see the on reflection of the black marble at the back wall that,
you see a reflection of your father through a two way mirror. He's in an
interrogation room, and this open room can show you who's in the room with him
right now.

Murph: Okay, do I see anybody in the room with him?

Brennan: You're gonna have to go into the room to find out.

Murph: Sweet, but real quick as I run over to it, I wanna pull out of my
little sliver of mirror, make sure there's no illusions going on that are
trying to mess me up between the two.

Brennan: You use your sliver, there's no illusions here to trick you in this
room.

Murph: Sweet, then I will, I will go into the room that I can see into his
room.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me a Stealth roll.

Murph: Come on, baby, I've been doing better with these ones. Not that time
though. That's okay, that's an 18.

Brennan: 18, you see a full, you walk in and see a full fucking pit fiend
standing over your father's body in the chair. We're gonna move on from Riz's
turn to Kristen.

Ally: Okay, I'm gonna Dimension Door the fuck away from Daybreak.

Brennan: You can take one other person with you, right?

Zac: Take Kris-- Tracker.

Siobhan: Yeah, Tracker.

Ally: I’ll take Tracker.

Brennan: Tracker and you are both pretty low.

Ally: Great, yeah, I'll take the two of us.

Brennan: Just like, toward the front of the ship, the back of the ship?

Ally: Where's the least amount of chaos going on?

Brennan: Front of the ship with Fabian.

Ally: Okay, yeah, yeah I'll do that.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: And then, bonus action, can I Mass Healing Word?

Brennan: Yeah absolutely.

Ally: Okay cool. Maybe I'll do that first so that I can—

Brennan: Hit everybody?

Ally: Hit everybody, but yeah. So I get six creatures. So what, that's all of
you guys? You four and then Tracker.

Zac: I'm pretty good but I would take it.

Ally: Okay cool.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: Okay yeah so then that's, I'm gonna do that as a--

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Fourth level, we all get, what's my spell modifier here? [mumbling]

Lou: Wisdom?

Ally: Oh it's Wisdom, great great great. Oh baby! That's 14.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: Oh thank you.

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: Thank you.

Brennan: Daybreak's starting to look hurt. You see that he looks at Ragh and
goes,

Daybreak: What the hell's the matter with you Ragh? Where's your team spirit?

Brennan: And he goes,

Ragh: Dude, I got plenty of team spirit. By the way: Dayne, I already said he
messed me up, it was super inappropriate for you to invite teen players over
to your house to do your weird religious shit. That was not cool when that
happened. [grunts and stabs at Daybreak]

Adaine: Yes, deal with your trauma Ragh.

Kristen: Yes!

Ragh: Jawbone would be so proud of me right now!

Kristen and Adaine: Yes!

Ragh: Most people don't get a chance at this kind of closure!

Emily laughs.

Kristen: Yes!

Ragh: You don't kinda get to say stuff—

Kristen: Yes!

Ragh: —to the people that wronged you after they've been murdered by your
friends. I mean you guys murdered me too, but we hashed it out. I'm so glad
you guys killed me that one time.

Adaine: You're a good person, Ragh!

Ragh: [weeping] You're a good person.

Adaine: I'm sorry I said that you shat your pants.

Ragh: It's okay, I did.

Adaine: [laughing] Actually, you didn't. Daybreak shat his pants and was—

Players laugh.

Ragh: I didn't? I've been living this whole time, thinking I shit my pants?

Zac: Oh yeah...

Adaine: I am so sorry. I forgot until right now.

Kristen: We moved it onto you.

Brennan: Gorgug, it's your turn.

Zac: Okay I'm just gonna Recklessly Attack him again.

Brennan: Go for it.

Gorgug: I'm just so tired of you.

Zac: 23 on the first one. 25 on the second one.

Ally whoops.

Zac: Let me crit, come on world. 26 on the third one. Okay. Wait, that's a d8,
whoops.

Emily: Too bad that’s an eight.

Zac: Yeah.

Emily: Ooh, that’s a 12!

Siobhan: Yeah baby.

Zac: 24 plus 24.

Brennan: 48?

Zac: 48.

Brennan: Okay, hold on.

Zac: 48 damage to this bad boy.

Brennan: He is so fucking struggling right now.

Daybreak grunts angrily.

Adaine: God, Why won't you die?

Brennan: End of this turn, he's gonna take a swing at you.

Zac: Fun.

Brennan: That's a crit.

Ally: Fun.

Siobhan: Fun.

Brennan: He deals 11, 6, 17, plus 5, 22 points of damage, halved, to Gorgug.

Ally: Oh, on a crit?

Brennan: That is his legendary action, that is Gorgug's turn. Fig, it is you.

Emily: Okay. I'm assuming he doesn't have magical ways to get back on the
boat. So I'm gonna try and do a fourth level psionic blast at him. So that is,
let's see, so that's 21... that’s 28 damage and if he fails his dexterity
save, then he gets pushed off the boat.

Brennan: 28 damage to him, does he save for half or no?

Emily: He would save for half, yeah, if he saves.

Brennan: And what kind of save is it?

Emily: Dex save.

Brennan: Okay. I'm gonna roll in the Box of Doom. He will beat this on a 10 or
higher. That, I'm gonna push it where the crew can see. That's a natural 3.

Emily laughs delightedly.

Ally: Ayyyyy.

Lou gives a sigh of relief.

Brennan: You see, he whips around and says,

Daybreak: [enraged] I'm gonna kill you all. All of you deserve to be here, not
me. I was a holy man. You are a literal archdevil!

Fig: [laughing] Yeah bitch, it's fun. [strums bass]

Daybreak cries out as he falls backwards.

Zac: Doesn't he take damage when he moves, too?

Emily: [laughing] Oh yeah, the Booming Blade.

Brennan: [laughing] The Booming Blade too. Coach Daybreak is eviscerated,
flung off the ship. He is dead.

Ally: Yes!

Emily: And then Baby's gonna go and try to steal from Vraz again.

Siobhan laughs.

Lou: Go Baby, go Baby, go.

Ally: Go for it.

Siobhan: Go, Baby.

Emily: Aw, he doesn't get it.

Brennan: Penelope, dead. Dayne and Daybreak, dead.

Zac: Johnny Spells?

Siobhan: Us vs. Johnny Spells.

Emily: I'm gonna steal, I'm gonna steal Daybreak's visage also, while he's
dying in front of me.

Brennan: You see that Ayda calls out to you and says,

Ayda: You're so charming and wonderful. It's really incredible to watch you
fight. It's, is it strange to say this about your friends, it's erotic.

Fig: Oh!

Adaine: Yes, that's strange to say in front of your friends.

Fabian: Woah!

Fig: No it's not!

Ayda: Okay I won't say that anymore.

Adaine: I support you and you’re my friend.

Fig: I don’t think it’s strange; I think you should just keep saying stuff
like that.

Gorgug: It's definitely not weirder than sixty-nining right next to me.

Players laugh.

Adaine: Yes, that does also make me very uncomfortable.

Kristen: Why?!

Ayda: That was a sex act?

Adaine: Yes.

Kristen: Yeah!

Ayda: [surprised] Oh, it— Okay. [nonchalantly] Wow-- Oh, yup, okay. Yeah, no
I'm clocking that, yes absolutely.

Adaine: It’s just that they're both wearing pants.

Ayda: It just happened so quickly and aggressively--

Adaine: It seems very complicated.

Ayda: Under such adverse circumstances.

Kristen: No, it's very aggressive.

Group chuckles.

Brennan makes battle noises.

Kristen: It’s blunt.

Brennan: Ayda is going to go ahead and, she's actually gonna, looking at you
guys wrapping things up, she casts Clairvoyance. And goes, turns around as the
ships all start banking and goes,

Ayda: Riz is in that building right there.

Brennan: And points off to the side of the ship.

Ally: Awesome.

Emily: All right. Who wants to go there with me next turn?

Ally: [raising hand] Me.

Emily: Yeah!

Zac: Shoot me out of the cannon. [laughs]

Emily: I can Dimension Door there.

Brennan: You see, Bill shouts out, as it's his turn,

Bill: [shouting] Clear the cannons.

Brennan: You see—

Zac: Can I look around for some, like, holy oil or something and grab it?

Brennan: [chuckles] Yes you can. Go ahead and give me another lair check,
Murph.

Ally: [snickers] [grinning] Holy oil?

Lou: Murph, Murph.

Emily: Murph!

Zac: Just to coat my weapons—

Players: [chorusing unenthusiastically] Murph, Murph.

Murph: [laughing] They’re getting weaker, guys. This is weak. I’m not feeling
it.

Murph rolls.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Nat 1!

Lou: We have to cheer. We have to cheer.

Players speak over one other.

Emily: You conjured that!

Brennan: I'm gonna need, I'm gonna need a—

Emily: Wait, can I luck point that?

Siobhan: No—

Brennan: Do you have one left?

Emily: Yeah, I have one left.

Emily: You can luck point that if you want.

Players: [chanting enthusiastically] Murph, Murph, Murph!

Brennan: [chortling] 2.

Players laugh.

Emily: This is literally exactly what I did before! First I did a 1 and got a
2. I'm cursed today.

Brennan: I'm gonna need, I'm gonna need, I'm gonna need, dealer's choice, you
give me a Dex or a Strength saving throw, everybody.

Emily: Dex or Strength?

Siobhan: [rolls] Oh no.

Zac: Can I do Strength with advantage ‘cause I’m Raging?

Siobhan: You do Dex with advantage as well.

Brennan: You do them both.

Zac: Yeah, ‘cause I have a higher Strength, so—

Emily: Do I get advantage 'cause of Protection from Good and Evil?

Brennan: [to Zac] Yeah, you do it with advantage. [to Emily] What's that?

Emily: Do I get advantage 'cause of Protection from Good and Evil?

Emily: Not under this circumstance, no.

Siobhan: I rolled a nat 1.

Brennan: Nat 1?

Emily: I got a 19.

Lou: 10, Dex.

Brennan: You got a 19, what did you get?

Zac: 26.

Brennan: 26?

Siobhan: [sighing] If only Boggy were here. But some monster—

Brennan: Ragh makes it, you got a nat 1.

Lou holds up 10 fingers, but the position of his hands makes them look like a
bird.

Brennan: You got 10?

Lou: [laughing] Fabian got a bird, dude, I rolled bird.

Group laughs. Lou flaps his hands.

Brennan: Fabian got 10, what did Kristen get?

Ally: 7.

Brennan: 7, okay.

Murph: Do I need to do it?

Brennan: No you don't need to make that, that's right. Cool.

Siobhan: [to Lou, as he’s flapping his bird hands] Your new bardic skills are
so beautiful. Very interpretive.

Brennan: Ayda is going to use her Portent ability as a reaction. And she knows
Adaine will probably still fail on this so she's gonna give it to Fabian. If
you had rolled a 15, what would you have gotten?

Lou: I would have rolled a 22.

Brennan: Ayda's eyes glow, she begins to fly for Adaine to catch you
physically and with Divination, helps you stay on the ship. Tracker sees you,
begins to go into flying wolf form and Sandra Lynn gets on the thing. A
magical broadside from the city dispels the gravity effect on the ship so you
all just begin to fly off the ship.

Emily whoops excitedly.

Ally: Hold me, woof!

Brennan: Except for everyone else that grabs them.

Emily: I sprout devil wings.

Lou: How'd Johnny Spells do?

Brennan: Oh, Johnny Spells.

Emily laughs.

Brennan: [laughing] He rolls a natural 8 and goes flying off the ship.

Group laughs.

Adaine: Bye!

Gorgug: You're so irrelevant dude.

Johnny: No, I had stuff, I had plans—

Adaine: You have not done anything.

Fig: [laughing uncontrollably] You didn't get your dance battle.

Gorgug: Tell us what your day was.

Brennan: Incredible.

Adaine: How long have you been planning this revenge?

Brennan: You see that, I'm actually gonna say, as this happens, as Johnny
goes... You guys all fly, Fabian's fine, Kristen starts to go but Tracker and
Sandra Lynn are both going for you, Adya's going for you. You see that the
three devils at the helm are all still there. Bill makes eye contact with you,
Fabian. Looks and says— as the gravity shifts, he gets an insane smile on his
face and goes,

Zac: No.

Siobhan: No.

Bill: You are your own man. You've the helm of the Goldenrod.

Fabian: What?

Brennan: Jumps, lets the gravity change and all the devils grappling him fly
off the ship with him.

Emily: Oooooh!

Siobhan: Is it my turn? How far away is he?

Brennan: He's immediately about 60 feet away. And yeah, Sandra Lynn and
Tracker grab Kristen. Fabian, it's your turn, the helm is unmanned.

Lou: Great, I'd like to, however need be, make my way to the helm of this
ship.

Brennan: You double your move, get there. You see that Kalvaxus says,

Kalvaxus: Listen, now that you're the new captain of the ship,

Fabian: Uh-huh?

Kalvaxus: Consider for a moment that I could be much more useful to you as a—

Fabian: Flip over, flip over.

Kalvaxus: Ahh, it always hurts!

Brennan: Adaine, it is your turn.

Siobhan: Can I use my Forceful Hand to grab Bill Seacaster? He's 60 feet away,
that's the distance of the Hand.

Brennan: Yes you can, I'm gonna make Athletics checks from the devils
grappling him, that's what you have to beat.

Siobhan: Oh okay great. [makes a distressed noise] It's a 15.

Brennan: 15? Okay. These guys only have +4’s. If they roll, you got a 15? If
they roll 11's or higher. Two of them make it, so they pull against the Hand.
But you reach out, try to grab Bill, he says,

Bill: Good on you, lass!

Brennan: As he starts to disappear.

Siobhan: Well then can I Lightning Bolt those two devils?

Brennan: Sure, yes you absolutely can.

Siobhan: As a fourth level spell, I guess, 'cause that's what I've got left.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Siobhan: Would that make them drop him? Maybe, no?

Brennan: No, probably wouldn't make them drop him.

Siobhan makes thoughtful noises while poring over various materials.

Brennan: Does anyone else have an action they want to attempt in this last
round where Bill's flying away?

Siobhan: So sorry...

Emily: Yeah, I have something I can do.

Brennan: Cool. So it goes, Fabian grips the helm, Adaine, next in the action
would be, Kristen you're getting rescued. So I'm gonna say Gorgug and then
Fig, if you guys have actions you want to take.

Zac: Okay. Can I… hmm. [chuckles]

Brennan: Kristen is there something you would want to attempt to try to save
Bill or would you want to get back to the ship?

Zac: Can I say--

Ally: Just back to the ship, yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: I don't have any ideas.

Zac: [chuckling] Can I cast Jump on myself, and then yell for the crew to grab
the chain from the animated chain?

Siobhan: Oh, yes.

Brennan: Yes you can.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: [hesitantly] I have a more efficient way to do this.

Zac: Okay.

Emily: And then we’re just going to lose you...

Brennan: You can delay until after Fig.

Zac: I'll delay it 'til after you...

Emily: Okay, I just want to do bonus, I have my skateboard which lets me take
a dash as a bonus action, so I just wanna pencil dive down to Bill Seacaster,
grab him and then Dimension Door back.

Brennan: Hell yeah. I'm gonna say—

Emily: [to Zac] I didn't want you to jump down there.

Zac: No yeah, for sure.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a--

Zac: Oh!

Brennan: Sorry yes?

Zac: Could I just, can I touch Fig and my boots come off and wrap around her
feet?

Brennan: Hell yeah. Your-- So you--

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: Gorgug's enormous Conver— What are you, size 19 canonically?

Zach makes a “possibly” noise.

Brennan: Come off--

Fig: Woah, it's like two more skateboards.

Fabian: Me too, I am also canonically size 19.

Players laugh

Brennan: \--Wrap around Fig's feet,

Kristen: really? I thought you were like, 5.

Brennan: \--you get the Jump spell--

Adaine: I feel like your feet are smaller than mine.

Brennan: \--which is gonna give you advantage. You need to hit, I'm gonna say,
this is a DC 15 Athletics check to get to, or Acrobatics, to get to Bill
Seacaster.

Emily: [chuckling] Okay.

Zac: Can I throw, [chuckles] nevermind.

Brennan: Do you wanna throw Fig at—

Emily: Yeah. If you're cool with that.

Brennan: Would you rather be thrown or Jumped?

Zac: Yeah, let me know.

Emily: Anything to use his stats because mine are +2, or +3.

Brennan: Cool, Gorgug you gotta hit a 15 Athletics.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And I'm gonna say, you have to roll flat because it's disadvantage
for throwing somebody, advantage for being in a Rage.

Zac: Okay.

Lou: Can I-- ah.

Zac: All right...

Brennan: You wanna bonus action Inspiration?

Lou: I have none left, I apologize.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Emily: I have Bardic Inspiration!

Zac: Cool.

Brennan: Wink, cool.

Zac rolls, blows out a breath.

Siobhan: It's a d8 for Fig.

Zac: D8?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: D8 for Fig.

Lou: What do you need?

Siobhan: Or it might be a d10 now that you're a level nine.

Brennan: I think it's d8 still.

Emily: It's d8 still.

Zac: What do I add to this?

Emily: Athletics.

Brennan: Athletics.

Emily: Or Acrobatics, whichever is higher.

Zac: So, saving throw or just flat?

Brennan: Athletics.

Emily: Skill check, +9.

Zac: [relieved] Oh Athletics, oh okay then great. Then that's a 16. [chuckles]

Brennan laughs loudly.

Emily claps.

Brennan: You pick up Fig, [exertion noise] you look like a missile. You see
that Bill Seacaster says,

Bill: From one Archdevil to another, well met— in the sky!

Emily laughs.

Brennan: You—

Emily: I wanna backpack onto him and then Dimension Door.

Brennan: You backpack, you see Vraz goes,

Vraz: What is your fucking deal?

Emily: Can I try to Sleight of Hand, something else from her?

Brennan: Give me a Sleight of Hand check.

Emily: [snaps triumphantly] 23.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You reach in, grab a scroll, she goes,

Vraz: No, no, no, no, no!

Brennan: Bill says,

Bill: What's yours is ours. Ha-ha!

Brennan: [teleportation sound effect] You appear on the deck, he looks at you,
he goes,

Bill: You've got the helm, lad.

Fabian: Forever or just now?

Bill: Oh for now, I wanna do me some fighting.

Fabian: Okay.

Brennan: You see, you guys wheel the ships around and that's all, so that's
all the madness that has happened there. We are actually going to exit combat
as you guys wheel back around through the city.

Lou: To Riz!

Emily: To Riz.

Murph: Me and a pit fiend.

Zac: [quietly] Can I have my shoes back?

Brennan: Riz.

[menacing ambient music]

Emily: [quietly] Yeah. One of them. [giggles]

Zac: [snickering] Please?

Brennan: You look at the pit fiend, who is flanked by two barbed devils, two
henchmen. Pit fiend looks down, splashes acid [hissing noise] onto Pok's face.
He's in the chair, looking forward.

Pit Fiend: [deep, menacing voice] Damned soul, confess. Confess your sins.
This is what you must do.

Brennan: Pok looks up.

Pok: [flat, quiet, nearly emotionless voice] I killed people. I lied. I hurt
people. I did what I had to do. I did my job, I don't have anything to
apologize for.

Brennan: You see the pit fiend says,

Pit Fiend: That's not how it works here, goblin. Is there nothing you regret?

Brennan: Pok looks up, swollen eye, he goes,

Pok: I don't regret anything.

Pit Fiend: You don't regret... anything? There is nothing you miss in the
world of mortals?

Brennan: Pok goes,

Pok: Miss the job. I miss the hunt. I miss, I miss the mission.

Brennan: The pit fiend goes,

Pit Fiend: There's nothing else you miss, nothing you regret not having seen?

Brennan: You see Pok looks up and says, Pok looks confused and he goes,

Pok: What else would I, what else would I miss?

Brennan: You see the pit fiend goes,

Pit Fiend: Your friends, your family?

Brennan: Pok goes,

Pok: Is that why I'm here? Did I not treat them right?

Brennan: He goes,

Pit Fiend: Did you regret dying? Do you regret not seeing the life of your
son?

Brennan: Give me an Insight check. With disadvantage.

Players: [chanting quietly] Murph, Murph, Murph, Murph.

Murph: 13?

Brennan: You see Pok looks up and goes,

Pok: [pauses] I don't, I don't miss... I don't know what to tell you.

Music transitions to a quieter, more sinister ambient track.

Pok: I don't know what to tell you. You get married, you have a kid, it's what
you do. Makes me a fucking monster, that I don't give a shit? Does it make me
a fucking monster that, I don't know, wife constantly nagging at you, be a
better father, be around more? He's a kid. She wanted one, what the fuck do
you want me to say? Fuck off, I did what I had to do. [snarls]

Brennan: And you see a goblinoid frenzy comes over Pok's face. You see pit
fiend smiles and goes,

Pit Fiend: This one has promise. Do not create a Lemure from his soul. We will
keep this one as is.

Brennan: The pit fiend turns around, the barbed devils both lacerate Pok with
these barbed whips. [whipping noises] He goes unconscious, collapses. And he
goes,

Pok: [weakly] Why am I here? [gags]

Brennan: [mimes blood spilling from his mouth] Blood.

Pok: Why am I here?

Brennan: You see the pit fiend and the barbed devils leave the room. Pit fiend
goes,

Pit Fiend: Seacaster's about. We need more of the ninth wing here.

Riz: And they leave the room and close the door behind them.

Murph: I am going to, Misty Step into the room.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Murph: And I guess I'll go up to my dad who's unconscious? And I guess I'll...
Can I have myself roll like a Wisdom save or something?

Brennan: Yep.

Murph: 'Cause I, I'm thinking he might be under some spell or acting strangely
but I think I wanna wake him up. That's a nat 20.

Ally: [quietly] Yes. [pumps fist]

Murph: So I will, I think, I go to try to wake him up and then I just feel
super conflicted about everything I just heard. And then I wanna grab the
Briefcase of Holding and scoop him up in it.

Brennan: As you go to open the briefcase, the door opens behind you and the
two barbed devils are both right there. [snarling] They see you. You see all
of, you didn't hear them approaching, you're conflicted, your dad, when you
were a kid, never was fuckin’ around. You know? He was gone, and the image you
had of him, of course you would sanctify someone that was never there, and
that your mom always spoke glowingly of. You go for your briefcase, the two
barbed devils are behind you. [snarling] What does Riz do?

Murph: I still try to scoop him up.

Brennan: The devils are going to attempt to stop that. I'm gonna need
Athletics checks from Riz.

Murph: [strained] Can I do Acrobatics?

Brennan: You can do it to escape the grapple but not as they're attempting to
grapple you.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So you gotta beat a 21.

Lou groans nervously.

Murph: I literally can't.

Emily: Aren’t they big though? Don't you have something that you can like,
tiny around--

Murph: That, I can move into people's spaces, but if it's Athletics, unless I
get an automatic--

Siobhan: Did you smother yourself in oil before we came on this mission?

Murph and Emily chuckle.

Murph: That's an actual nat 1.

Brennan: Oh shit. One of them comes up, grabs the other side of the briefcase,
stopping you, another one grabs you. You enter the restrained condition. Does
Riz— that's their turn, it's Riz's turn again. What do you do?

Murph: I... keep trying to scoop him up.

Brennan: Okay, you go to scoop him up. As you do so, give me a Perception
check.

Murph: I think I make-- No, I don't make Perception, what do I make with
Steady Eye?

Brennan: Investigation.

Murph: Okay, so that is, an 8. [tuts]

Brennan: You are going, you're grabbing the thing here. As you are grabbing
it, you, you feel your gun is gone.

Siobhan gasps.

Brennan: [shooting noises] Both devil's heads are blown off. Your dad is
standing in front of the chair with his gun that he picked off of your body.
You see he goes,

Pok: [placing hand to an earpiece] This is Gukgak, I need an extraction.

Brennan: A halo appears behind his head. He grabs you and says,

Pok: Kid, I can't believe you made it here.

Brennan: [magic sound effect] A beam of celestial light smashes through the—

Riz: [incredulously] You're an undercover angel?

Pok: You got it, kid.

Players cheer.

Brennan: [magic sound effect] You shoot through the celestial beam, that is
all for this week.

Players cheer and yell.

Brennan: [chuckling That is all for this week on Fantasy High

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 16: My Green
Heaven](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSmPV9bIjk0vBPIfVFuvwyrF5mcWvNcPxeTx_G6Q-1y7cr-
rCDd9U0cyUAoI-
Ni7CT7dhyCtC9SbAAX/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650556939908&usg=AOvVaw24Jzh-
oP9DpC9iX9CrTDtp)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by: gluegunshots, somnolentselenophile, Hana, somnolentselenophile,
rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoyecupfdRIJ4DB7JjxSkICO3VgQ1BXk2drr7qJHYAf2aCrEc-_1YJj43w51gbMhud28ycExcIXKG4fyFuA:0)

Episode 16: My Green Heaven

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 16: My Green Heaven

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vTPQSgE51UMIyIyKWYjjUxap7C2d5tDN7JiutgRlGX5JQ23IgeIsErxjH3ZLGPQ5vnCwAnfL87f_93u/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650559515454&usg=AOvVaw1w7ADkNHLGCxx5GNzvRmyA)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vScTDIQmtsf2L7uT3BZhxULMd2FPKMjvj7UqFTdfcrtdAAX-
GExlh9lkuRjpXLRBH8Rym3c2gwB9kqS/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650559515971&usg=AOvVaw0IfHUA3dqv5NjcYKMdkuu7)]
>

[dramatic music plays]

[laughing]

Brennan: Hello, and welcome, one and all, back to another thrilling episode of
Dimension 20 Live. My name is Brennan Lee Mulligan, I'm your humble dungeon
master. With me, as always, are our intrepid heroes. Say “hi”, intrepid
heroes.

Players: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh, shucks, gang. Well, do we have some fun news to you. First of
all, new little piece of merch in the merch store. We've got Fabian's School
of Dancing. You gotta go check this out right away.

Lou: Come check this out, dude, come check this out!

Brennan: You can go find that right away on our merch store where we have that
loaded up for you. The Fabian Seacaster School of Sheet Dancing. Use the code
IDANCENOW. That's the code you wanna use when buying.

Lou: You guys heard it here, IDANCENOW.

Brennan: All one word, you get any D20 sticker for free.

Lou: What?!

Brennan: Make sure to subscribe to our YouTube channel, which finally has a
little vanity URL, just YouTube.com/Dimension20Show. Make sure to go like,
follow us on Instagram, also @dimension20show for a bunch of fun times. Guys,
last we left off, oh boy, did a bunch of fun stuff happen. So, these are our
intrepid heroes, the Bad Kids, teen adventurers from the Aguefort Adventuring
Academy, the world of Spyre’s premiere high school, heroes who are on their
spring break trying to retrieve the crown of the Nightmare King. Their
adventures have brought them all the way to the second level of hell!

Zac, Siobhan, and Emily pretend to play instruments as the music crescendos.

Brennan: The iron city of Dis, where they’ve gone to rescue Riz Gukgak's
father, Pok Gukgak—

[laughing]

Zac, Siobhan, and Emily stop miming instruments.

Brennan: \--as part of… was there a joke I missed? I gotta do this spiel, I
never catch the jokes. [dejected look]

Ally: Oh, I'm so sorry, I'm so sorry!

Murph: They were pretending to play a violin.

[laughing]

Lou: No, no, it was way more specific than that.

Brennan: So, our intrepid heroes flew on a pirate fleet through the skies of
Hell to rescue Pok Gukgak. Riz discovered that maybe his father was not a good
father after all, but, at the last possible moment, he discovered his dad was
actually not who he appeared to be double again, and was in fact an undercover
agent, who had a tractor beam shoot down from heaven, grabbed his son and shot
out of the plane of hell, leaving our rest of our intrepid heroes now in a sky
fight, a dogfight, in the middle of the sky on a pirate ship made of the slain
carcass of their former vice principal. Guys, you can't make this stuff up—
you can, we did. And so we come back now to our intrepid heroes or at least
five of the six of them in the skies over the Iron City of Dis. Guys, the
Goldenrod, the flagship of the rebel armada under Captain Bill Seacaster
twists around, fiery rockets shoot up from the Iron City of Dis. We are in the
skies of hell, grey sickening rain clouds thud down on you with a cold, soul-
despairing rain as you see hordes of devils fly in the Iron City to all of
Bill's many ships. You guys have just survived a huge lair action where
everyone was almost flung off the ship. Arriving back on the deck, Fig and
Bill Seacaster arrive. You are holding a scroll that you Sleight of Hand-ed
from Vraz the Mean’s--

Emily: Oh, I forgot!

Lou: That’s right.

Siobhan: Oh yes!

Emily: I got a scroll, and Baby stole something.

Lou: And Baby stole something!

Siobhan: What did Baby steal?

Brennan: Baby stole some scraps and things that were not as good as what Fig
stole—

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: But he did his absolute best. He goes,

Baby: Mistress, I found, this is some kind of to-do list or a memo!

Fig: Yeah yeah, it's a receipt. Baby, we're gonna have to go to some markets
to practice stealing.

Baby: Ah, she bought a side of fries!

[laughing]

Brennan: You see—

Siobhan: Just one side of fries.

Brennan: You see that Wretchrot screams with glee. Bill who is fighting looks
up to the helm where Fabian steering the Goldenrod, and you see he says,

Bill: Aye there, me boy! Steer us in the direction of your friend, Riz!

Fabian: Aye aye, papa!

Fig: Wait, Bill, I saved your life.

Bill: Aye.

Fig: So you owe me, right? That would be the pirate's code.

Bill: [defensively] No!

Fig: Okay, well—

Bill: What do you want to happen?

Fig: It should be. Alright, what I want to happen is that you don't kill
Gilear again!

Bill: Oh! Listen, I had to kill Gilear as a matter of course, but I love
Gilear!

[Murph chuckles]

Fig: What?

Bill: Well, oh, listen, now he's been killed once, I've been killed once,
We're even.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: I've been killed multiple times.

[cast laughing]

Gilear: I can't open the door of the sarcophagus.

Adaine: Also, he didn't kill you, Fabian killed you.

Bill: Well, Fabian killed me, I killed Gilear, Gilear kills Fabian and then
we're even.

Fabian: I'm sorry, what?

Ally: Wait, what?

Fabian: What's going to happen?

Gilear: [muffled] Under no circumstance will I attempt to kill young master
Seacaster.

Fabian: Oh really, Gilear? All right, okay. You get named The Chosen One at
the Hotel Cavalier, and now you have intentions.

Fig: I appreciate that you don't debate that he's the chosen one.

Fabian: I mean, of course he's The Chosen One.

Gilear: [muffled] I was named The Chosen One as a cruel joke by you! Please, I
can feel myself running out of air. The ambient heat from hell is heating up
the sarcophagus, and the oxygen is being quickly depleted.

Siobhan: I use my Ar-- the rest of my Arcane Hand--

Zac: [chuckling] Can I make a Perception check to look around before I open
it, just because I don't wanna open it and him immediately die again?

Brennan: Okay, you hesitate to look around and see and then give me a
Perception check.

Emily: [bemused and distraught] Oh no, he passed out. I need to--!

Lou: And I'm turning the ship around to headed back toward The Ball?

Brennan: Yes, you are.

Zac: Perception, that'll only be an 11.

Emily: He passed out, didn't he?

Brennan: What's that, sorry?

Emily: He passed out.

Zac: 11.

Brennan: Oh, you got an 11 Perception? You don't see anything coming. You see
two pirates grab the sarcophagus, load it, and begin to load it onto one of
the ballistas.

[frantic, panicked noises of protest]

Brennan: You see that, cool go ahead and you have one round to give me a
Strength check, give me an Acrobatics check to—

Siobhan: I'll help with my Hands.

Zac: I have advantage on Strength checks.

Brennan: Cool cool cool.

Siobhan: Oh, you already had advantage.

Zac: 14 plus... Athletics?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: 23.

Brennan: [exertion noise] And you lift the [grunts] [creaking] A lid opens up,
the Hand swoops Gilear out, they fire the sarcophagus, it blows up a pit
fiend's chest and you see that, you begin to fly off. Ayda lands on the deck
of the ship, looks over at you, Adaine, standing next to you, Fig, and she
says,

Ayda: Riz is gone.

Adaine: What?

Ayda: Riz is gone from this plane.

Adaine: What?

Ayda: I can no longer Scry on him.

Adaine: Where’d he go?

Ayda: He's either dead or is no longer here.

Fig: Dead?! Well, then, we should go and look for his body or something.

Brennan: Cool, Fabian, go ahead and give me a Dex plus proficiency roll with
advantage.

Lou: Oh, you know I'd love to give you that. We can—

Siobhan: Ooh, baby.

Lou: We can call that Dex, 23 plus 5 equals 28.

  
Brennan: [whoops] You steer the Goldenhoard, oh sorry, the Goldenrod through
the skies of hell. You hear from the front Kalvaxus yell out,

Kalvaxus: Are any of my former minions still on the deck? Hello!

Gorgug: Yeah!

[laughing]

Kristen: Gorgug?

Gorgug: I dunno.

Kristen: What?

Kalvaxus: Who is that?

Gorgug: It's your minion. [to Fig] I don't usually do this.

Fig: No, this is good.

Emily: Actually, I'll disguise myself and say,

Fig: [vaguely french accent] Yes, I am your minion.

[Lou giggles]

Kristen: Mignon!

Fabian: Mignon is still here!

Kalvaxus: [confused] Which minion are you?

Siobhan: I cast the Friends cantrip on him so he believes them.

Brennan: That's gonna give you advantage on a Deception check.

Emily: I actually already have advantage on Deception.

Siobhan: Oh, then, nevermind.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a Deception check, good grief.

Gorgug: [whispering] We should tell 'em—

Fig: Mignon!

Gorgug: \--this is all part of the plan, right?

Emily: I got a 1, but I also got a 17, which means 30!

[laughing]

Lou: Woo!

Brennan: You see he goes,

Kalvaxus: Ah, Francois! I can't believe you made it here! Listen, listen to me
very carefully, listen. We don't have much time. Come to the front. There's a
battle going on. This is your time. I've been turned against my will into a
ship. Please, find a way to release me from this bondage, and I will make you
wealthy beyond your wildest imagination.

Fig: [as Francois] What is your weak spot?

Kalvaxus: [baffled] My what?

[laughing]

Gorgug: Francois, I just, [whispers] maybe we could just see if he knows
anything about the Nightmare King.

Fig: I know, I just wanna know where it hurts the most on him.

Gorgug: Oh yeah.

Fig: [as Francois] What do you know about the Nightmare King? Is that who we
are going to meet with?

Kalvaxus: What? No, listen. I am a boat. The priority now is to un-boat me.
Please, find a way, there's a, Captain Seacaster is doing some kind of--

Brennan: And you see that two of the zombie pirates go throw a huge billowing
thing of sailcloth and gag Kalvaxus as you guys continue to fly through the
sky. You guys arrive at the building. You see that Sandralynn mounts up on
Baxter and says,

Sandralynn: Captain Seacaster, are we gonna, I don't think we can dock the
ship. We need to have some kind of away party, right?

Fabian: No, we can dock this ship.

Lou: Can I drive it straight into the building?

[laughing]

[Emily clapping]

Brennan: Yes, you can. You see Bill, who is now on the prow looks at the
approaching building and says

Bill: My god, you're absolutely mad, boy! [laughs wildly]

Fabian: Yes!

Bill: [screaming] To war!

Brennan: And Bill is blasted away as you crush into the side of the building.

[laughing]

Brennan: Everyone here, give me a Dexterity.

Zac: Can I grab Gilear?

Murph: [laughing] Oh my god!

Zac: A Dexterity saving throw?

Emily: 15!

Murph: [seeing the result of Ally’s roll] Oh no!

Ally: Nooooo, am I dead?

[laughing]

Murph: [laughing breathlessly] You simply need new Dex. You need to re-roll
your numbers.

Ally: Oooh, listen--

Emily: [laughing] “You simply need new Dex.”

Murph: They got above a 1 and got below a zero.

Ally: Yeah, I'm a -1.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: Ayda is gonna instead give you a 16.

Kristen: Eyy, thank you, Ayda!

Brennan: Cool, what did everyone roll?

Emily: 15!

Zac: 7.

Siobhan: 15.

Lou: 12.

Ally: 16!

Emily: [to Zac] Just say it more confidently.

Murph: I’m not there.

Zac: [intensely] 7.

[chuckling]

Brennan: Cool. Okay, you got a, with advantage you got a 7?

Zac: [squeaks] Yeah.

[laughing]

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second.

Murph: Oh my god.

Ally: Wooow.

Fabian: [shouting confidently] We're coming to get you, The Ball!

Lou: And just straight in.

Adaine: This is definitely worth it!

Brennan: Everyone else finds a way to hold on--

[laughing]

Ally: Gorgy!

Brennan: While on top of the—

Murph: If I had literally any way of magically communing with you guys, I
would, but I don't.

Brennan quietly counts damage.

Murph: I am but a rogue.

Siobhan: It's been more than a minute, right? My Hand is gone.

Brennan: 35\. Yeah.

Emily: I'm assuming that you're dead inside this building.

Murph: Makes sense.

Lou: I'm gonna kill the people who killed you with our boat.

[laughing]

Siobhan: And If you die in hell, do you not stay in hell? Or do you go
somewhere else?

Emily: Hm?

Siobhan: [chuckling] If you die in hell, do you die in real life?

Brennan: I'm sorry, what did you get again?

Emily: 15.

Brennan: 15\.

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: 15\. You got?

Ally: 16.

Brennan: 16.

Murph: I'm not here, right?

Brennan: You're not here, that's right. You guys got below 15, right?

Lou: I got below 15, yeah.

[Murph laughs]

Siobhan: The two Dex--

Brennan: Okay, everyone else is fine. You managed to hold onto things. Bill
takes the full damage. Gorgug and Fabian each immediately take 52 points of
damage.

Lou: I'm down.

Zac: Awwww.

[laughing]

Zac: I guess I'm, am I Raging anymore?

Brennan: I don't think you are.

Zac: Yeah.

Lou: 52?

Brennan: 52 points. You, let me be clear. You crashed the ship into a
building.

Lou: Okay?

Brennan: Bill takes all the damage and is fully fine. Gilear, also, not just
down but insta-dead. So, Gilear--

Siobhan: Gilear, again?

Emily: [yelping] What! Again?!

Brennan: [incredulously] You just crashed a ship at full speed!

Lou: Don't point at me like this. Don't point at me like this.

Fig: Gilear!

Brennan: I know, because Gorgug was making his save to also hold on to Gilear,

[Emily makes distressed noises]

Brennan: You guys are partially sheathed into this building.

Zac: [chuckling] I'm up.

Brennan: What is Gorgug at?

Siobhan: I already used my Div rolls.

Zac: Gorgug is at 20 health.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: Okay, I can start casting some Cure...?

Brennan: Yeah, you guys, the ship crashes. A lot of the pirates die [snaps]
right away.

[Lou laughs hysterically]

Brennan: Bill is covered in rubble. Fabian holding onto the wheel, you go
like, over the handlebars on a bike, but over the helm, smash into the rubble
of the building, are incapacitated, at 0 hit points. Everyone else managed to
hold on and not die. Gilear is insta-dead. How many hit points are you at?

Gorgug: 20!

Brennan: 20, okay.

Murph: [laughing] And meanwhile I’m fine.

Zac: 'Cause I took the full damage.

Brennan: Took the full damage.

Murph: I'm just fine.

Brennan: Riz, fully fine.

Emily: I woke up and I say, and I say,

Fig: Don't worry, it's worth it because Riz is in there, and he needs us!

[laughing]

Gorgug: We've gotta save Riz!

Fabian: I have to save my friend.

Brennan: So, now, so, Kristen, you stand up. You see Gilear is, you can spot
him immediately fully dead, crushed under rubble.

Lou: I'm sorry. [laughs]

Brennan: Fabian is also unconscious amidst the rubble.

Emily: I can go ahead and use a third-level Healing Word on you, but that'll
only bring you back for 15.

Lou: That's okay.

Emily: Okay.

Gorgug: I could use a little heal. [chuckles]

Ally: Yeah, great.

Brennan: But also, Gilear is fully dead.

Ally: Okay.

Zac: Do you, you don't have a spell that maintains his corpse, right?

Emily: Gentle Repose?

Zac: You don't have that.

Ally: I don't have Gentle Repose.

Murph: Are you out of Revivifies?

Emily: Yeah?

Ally: No no, I have Revivify! But I can also Cure Wounds to like, cure a few
people.

Emily: Maybe let's bring Gilear back 'cause I think Revivify is within a
minute.

Brennan: Oh, you can only do it within one minute.

Ally: Okay, yeah.

Siobhan: Oh, yeah

Ally: So, I Revivify.

Lou: I'll pay for this one.

[laughing]

Brennan: Gilear,

Gilear: [gasps Oh god! That building came out of nowhere! [groans]

[Murph chuckles]

Fig: Dad?

Brennan: You see that these like devil's zeppelins begin to come in. You see
Bill looks to you and says,

Bill: I'll hold the Goldenrod. You get your friend, boy. We don't have much
time. Get in and get out, smash and grab!

Fabian: Right, let's find The Ball!

Fig: Bill, does that count as Fabian killing Gilear?

Bill: We're all even! [laughs]

[laughing]

Ally: Woooow.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: Wasn't I supposed to kill— Nevermind, nevermind.

[laughing]

Murph: Everyone just kills Gilear.

Fabian: [satisfied] I killed Gilear, I killed Gilear!

Kristen: Who needs heals? I could try to heal us as we run in?

Zac raises his hand

Kristen: We got Gorgug.

Gorgug: I'm all fucked up.

Kristen: I'm gonna help you.

Fabian: Great.

Adaine: I'm okay, I mean, I’m not at full.

Brennan: There's a collapsed rubble and buildings, but you guys can rush into
the building. I think pretty much the whole crew rushes in. Go ahead whoever
wants to and make an Investigation check.

Ally: Can I roll for some healing on Gorgug and...?

Brennan: You know what, just go ahead and start rolling and tell people. Feel
free to spend spell slots.

Siobhan: Nat 20!

Brennan: Nat 20, Adaine, you have a pure oracular vision. You know exactly
where it is. You guys see Adaine does a whole [gurgles] [eyes roll back]

Fabian: Adaine, not the time.

[laughing]

Adaine: [muttering defiantly]

Brennan: You guys sprint into the darkness of this dwelling place.

Ally: [to Lou] 23.

Lou: 23?

Brennan: As you do, you guys arrive at this exact chamber. You see the chair,
blood, all of this. You also see, on the ground, partially opened, having
clattered there, a leather black briefcase with the initials T.B. on it.

Zac: Can I...

Emily: It's the Briefcase of Holding, right?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Yes.

Emily: I guess we pick it up.

Fig: Adaine or Ayda, can you guys, oh wait, you can't Scry 'cause he's on
another plane.

Adaine: I also don't have--

Fig: ‘Cause we don't find a body here.

Kristen: Do you have Locate Person?

Zac: I put—

Ally: I don't have another fifth-level spell, and I don't have Scry stocked.
So, I would have to take a rest.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check on the briefcase?

Brennan: Make an Insight check for me, yeah.

Lou: Can I also make an Insight check?

Brennan: Go for it.

Zac: I got a 4.

[Brennan chuckles]

Emily: Can I look for scratch marks?

Gorgug: Uhh, he's in the briefcase, isn't he?

Adaine: I could do Locate Creature, but Ayda's saying that he's not on this
plane—

Lou: I got a 17.

An electronic chiming sounds from behind the DM screen.

Brennan: You see—

Lou: Oh, and you got a call.

Brennan: I got a call.

Siobhan: Wow, Brennan is so popular.

Brennan: You see that, what did you get on your roll?

Lou: 17.

Brennan: 17\. You look down at the briefcase. [pauses thoughtfully] You know
that there was a fight in here. You don't see The Ball going down without
leaving some bodies.

Lou: All right.

Zac: There's no bodies?

Brennan: No bodies.

Emily: No bodies.

Fabian: There's no bodies.

Fig: Is the fight going on—

Brennan: You see, but you do see smears of blood like things were dragged out
of here.

Siobhan: Can I Investigate the blood to see if it's goblin blood?

Brennan: Sure, go ahead and make a Nature check.

Lou: Can I taste it?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Yeah, I'll taste it as well.

Ally: I'll taste it too.

Brennan: Sulfur.

Lou: Oh, sulfury?

Emily: I got, a 10.

Brennan: Yeah, sulfury.

Ally: Oh, interesting.

Fabian: It tastes sulfury. That's demon blood.

Fig: That’s hell shit, that’s hell shit.

Fabian: This is not The Ball.

Fig: My own blood is probably pretty sulfury.

Emily mimes cutting the base of her thumb and holds it out

Fabian: Yeah, let me--

Lou leans in, pretending to taste Fig’s blood

Fabian: Yup, that’s demon blood.

Gorgug: Are we sure?

Zac mimes licking blood off the floor

Fabian: Oh yeah, that's demon blood for sure.

Gorgug: I'm bleeding a lot, I should say as well. So hurt.

Fabian: Guys, I don't think The Ball is here.

Fig: Okay, that's a good thing?

Adaine: Yes.

Brennan: Tracker casts Detect Evil and Good, and she looks up and says

Tracker: [sniffs] It smells like Celestial in here.

Adaine: Oh that's, what?

Fabian: Is The Ball..?

Fig: It smells like--

Adaine: An angel?

Fig: An angel?

Tracker: Yeah. Meadow grass, honey. [sniffs] Like a bright day.

Adaine: He is a little angel.

Kristen: Huh.

Fabian: He is a little angel.

Adaine: He is a very sweet boy.

Fig: I guess I’ve always, metaphorically [mumbles]

[Murph laughs]

Gorgug: I just thought it was like a sweet little angel--

Adaine: Oh my god--

Gorgug: \--just not like he's actually an angel, right?

Adaine: Has he been hiding his angelic form from us this whole time?

Fig: I wish he knew he could tell us that he's an angel.

Adaine: Oh my god, that sweet, good boy.

Fabian: If The Ball's an angel, where do angels go?

Tracker: [baffled] What's your question?

Fabian: Where do angels go?

[snickering]

Tracker: The upper planes.

Fabian: Can we go? We have to find our little angel.

Adaine: Ayda, do you have—

Gorgug: Can you fly the ship straight up?

Adaine: Do you have a Plane Shift?

Fig: Also, is it okay for an archdevil to go where an angel treads?

Brennan: You see that Ayda looks up. She is gonna cast a spell as well. She
looks and says,

Ayda: I cannot cast another Plane Shift today.

Zac: Right.

Brennan: She says, but you see that she casts Detect Magic and looks around
and goes,

Ayda: Conjuration. [sniffs]

Brennan: You see she goes,

Ayda: Yes, this was a, something in the conjuration school. Something…
something was either summoned, banished, or teleported here.

Gorgug: They summoned his briefcase.

Adaine: Hmm.

Ayda: Doubtful.

[Emily laughs breathlessly]

Ally: Can I check to see if there are like, doors leading around, or like, if
the blood smear, like, drags out of the room? Is this Investigate?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: The blood smears do indeed go out of the room. You guys look around
right now. From the look of this, there is virtually no--

Ally looks up suddenly and holds a finger out.

Brennan: Sorry, yes?

Ally: So sorry, it can wait.

Ally shakes their head and covers their mouth with their hands.

Brennan: Okay. From the look of this, you know that something crazy happened
here. You guys know that Riz is not a celestial. So, something wild happened.

Zac: Can I take out my crystal?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: [chuckling] And try to call Riz?

Brennan: You do not get service in hell, which is, what a fun thing.

Ally: We're in a, like, interrogation room. Can I run and see if there's any
camera footage? If there are any, like, security cameras?

Siobhan: Ohhhh!

Brennan: Sure. So, with your 13-- Actually, go ahead and roll another
Investigation with advantage.

Ally: Nat 20! [claps] You know it! You know it!

[cheering and clapping]

Ally: Nat 20. It was a nat 20 and a 17.

Emily: Yes! Yes!

Brennan: [exasperated] You go next door, and you see a little imp looking at a
bunch of screens reviewing footage and see literally—

Ally: I ice him—

[laughing]

Ally: And I watch--

Lou: You ice the imp?

Ally: I ice him.

Lou: With what?

Ally: With The Ball's gun that was in the briefcase maybe?

Emily: I cover Baby’s eyes.

Brennan: You can pull another gun out of the briefcase probably.

Ally: Wonderful, that's what I do.

Murph: Jesus Christ.

Gorgug: [shocked and ashamed] Kristen!

Brennan: You ice this imp, which is, you see Tracker goes,

Tracker: Sweetie! My god!

Kristen: Babe, look—

[laughing]

Brennan: All of you guys now—

Ally: Power of the 20.

Brennan: Now also, you guys can hear the noise increasing out in the city of
battle, combat.

Siobhan: Ah crap.

Zac: We'll probably get the fuck out of here.

Brennan: But you guys all watch the scene of Riz, his dad, and bam bam,
putting the ear, and a celestial beam of light crashing through the roof and
both of them getting sucked up into the light and the light disappearing.

Ally: What happens after that, to like the bodies? Who moved them?

Siobhan: Yeah, why is the briefcase still there but the bodies are gone?

Brennan: After, it looks like the people came in and dragged the bodies of the
devils out of the room to potentially, like, reanimate them or bring them back
as new devils.

Zac: Oh, the other devils did.

Brennan: Other devils, correct.

Emily: Who came in, who came in to drag the bodies out?

Brennan: Two lemures that are just, they're the, like, globby, weird, very
stupid devils that would have not thought to like, investigate a briefcase on
the ground.

Siobhan: Cool, so let's take the briefcase because that's--

Gorgug: Let's get the briefcase. We gotta get the hell out of here.

Ally: We gotta go.

Emily: What about the sword? Let's make sure that we don't lose his sword.

Brennan: No sign of the sword or gun.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: Cool, you guys rush back out to the ship. You get back to the ship.
Bill is starting to look injured. He's having a great time, but as you arrive
back, he's sorta starting to look injured. He looks at you and says,

Bill: Right then, you got your friend?

Fabian: No, but we know where he might be. The upper plane, where angels are.

Bill: [chuckles] Well, I can't go there.

Fig: Can I?

Gorgug: How do we get out of here?

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Bill: Well, the best I can do you is the Astral Plane. That's the only other
place I can get you outside of the Nine Hells.

Brennan: Fig, go ahead and give me a Perception check with advantage.

Emily: Okay. Nat 20!

[cheering]

Lou dabs four times, bringing his arms up and dipping his head into the crook
of his elbow, in celebration.

Brennan: Oh shit! So, Bill says he can get you to the Astral Plane. You also
feel that scroll in your hand from Vraz, glowing.

Emily: Okay. I—

Emily mimes flicking the scroll out in one motion

Ally: One-handed.

Brennan: You open it. It is a waiver of release that will recreate the doorway
back to the Shrine of Thorns in Arborly.

Murph: Whoa.

Fig: Whoa!

Adaine: Oh, okay.

Kristen: Uhh...

Gorgug: Okay.

Kristen: Make that.

Fig: I don't—

Kristen: Make that?

Fig: I mean, we definitely could do that, but does anyone else kinda wanna go
to the Astral Plane? No? Okay.

Gorgug: I just feel like—

Adaine: I mean, I don't know what's on the Astral Plane. Is that any closer to
the Upper Planes than our regular plane?

Fabian: We're still gonna need to Plane Shift anyway, right?

Kristen: Yeah, and we're all out of spells.

Fabian: And Gilear keeps dying, so yeah.

Adaine: Yeah, if we go back, we can at least rest.

Kristen: Gilear's holding on by a thread, and I've maybe dumped like $40,000
into him.

[laughing]

Adaine: Right. Also, maybe we can go back and talk to the van and even maybe
take the van with us.

Gorgug: He's a Celestial, yeah.

Adaine: We can just pull that jewel out of there.

Emily: Alright. I rip the scroll, or whatever I do to it.

[laughing]

Brennan mimes ripping a scroll

Ally: [incredulously] You rip it?!

[Siobhan laughs]

Brennan: You rip it.

Emily: This is hell.

Brennan: [chuckling] The magic all fully fades from the destroyed scroll.

Lou: No, what?

Emily: [high-pitched] What?!

Brennan: You have a broken scroll in front of you.

Fig: No! Can you Mend it, can you Mend it?

Emily holds out her hands towards Siobhan, who places a hand over Emily’s

Siobhan: I cast Mending.

Brennan: You guys Mend it, and the magic comes back!

[laughing]

Fig: Sorry, I, I thought—

Gorgug: [confused, nervous] Ahhh!

Players talk over one another

Fabian: That was the craziest thing—

Fig: \--how would my magic work?

Adaine: This is what happens when you don't have to study magic, you're just
innately good at it.

Fig: It just oozes from you.

Brennan: You invoke the seal. A flaming door appears on the Goldenhoard, the
Goldenrod. You see that Kalvaxus is wrenched out of there as Bill takes him
back to the sky. Bill looks back at you and says,

Bill: Back to the Prime Material then, in the world of Spyre, is it?

Adaine: Aye aye, captain!

Siobhan: Then, I put my pirate hat back on.

Bill: Ooh, there's a good pirate, lass! [laughs]

Gorgug: We should ask Goldenrod a question or two before we get out of here.

Fig: I know. What do you want me to ask him, because I wasn't there when you
guys talked about this?

Kristen: I'll cast Zone of Truth.

Adaine: [shouting] Ooh, yes, good idea!

Ally: I cast Zone of Truth over Kalvaxus.

Brennan: Ooh, baby, hold on one second.

Emily: Zone of Truth on a boat!

Brennan: [chuckling] On a natural three--

Siobhan: Yass!

Emily: [to Siobhan] Can you cast Detect Thoughts on him?

Brennan: The Zone of Truth takes place.

Ally: Yes!

Siobhan: Oh, good idea. [to Emily] Oh, I don't have it. I don't have it
stocked.

Gorgug: Just-- give us everything you know on Nightmare King.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Fig: Is there another, like, name he might know he might know the Nightmare
King by or something?

Adaine: Yeah, something to do with this magic or the--

Kristen: Or anything about your mom?

Gorgug: Oh! I have a question.

Emily: Oh, 'cause she was at the school.

Brennan: So, you see that Bill goes out and starts yelling a warning to his
other ships and says,

Bill: [shouting] Alright, lads, we've taken the spoils! Now, back to the
Astral!

Brennan: And you see that Bill begins to take his fleet and begins to head
towards a part of the storm over Dis that has actual lightning in it, and you
see that a whorl begins to appear as Bill focuses on it, and you see that he
appears to be opening some kind of Astral portal that he appears to be able to
open for his fleet to like, dip in and out of hell to like, get out of here to
safe waters.

Fabian: [softly] Oh, my papa!

[giggling]

Gorgug: I have a thought, and I don't, forgive me if we've already answered
this, but Kal— uh, Principal...

Brennan: You see that Kalvaxus looks over and says,

Kalvaxus: Who is-- Oh no, not all of you.

[Emily laughs]

Gorgug: It's us again, sorry.

Adaine: Yeah yeah, you love to see it.

Gorgug: Hey, all that stuff freshman year—

Fig: Yeah, I know you love to see it.

Kalvaxus: [baffled] What’s that? What do I love to see?

Gorgug: You know.

Adaine: You know.

Kalvaxus: Oh, is this some new sophomore year development?

Gorgug: No, you have a crush on her is what she's saying.

[Emily chuckles]

Adaine: Yeah, this is canon.

Kalvaxus: No, I don't have--

Fabian: You're in the Zone of Truth. You have to say it.

Gorgug: Zone of Truth. You have to--

Brennan: Oh, he is in the Zone of Truth, right? You see he says,

Kalvaxus: I don't have a crush on anything! I just want to be rich!

Fig: Okay, I don't think it's working.

Adaine: That's sad, that's really sad.

Gorgug: Listen—

Kalvaxus: It's not sad, it's great. It's great, and I'm great.

Gorgug: Did anyone put you up to all that stuff you did our freshman year?

Kalvaxus: [offended] Hey, Mister Thistlespring, why don't you go fuck
yourself? No one put me up to-- I was the boss, alright?

Adaine: So, the Nightmare King wasn't the boss?

Kalvaxus: [indignantly] No, I was the boss!

Fig: So, Adaine's mom was working for you?

Kalvaxus: What?

Kristen: Arialwen, was she working for you then? When she was doing all that
work for the Shadow Cat?

Kalvaxus: Arianwen never worked for me. Aelwyn worked for me.

Kristen: Okay. But then, what about all that stuff with--

Adaine: So, all of the stuff that was going on behind your back you didn't
have any idea, because you were being manipulated and you didn't even know
about it?

Kalvaxus: Wait, what? What do you mean I was being manipulated? I was not
manip-- Look, the Nightmare King, I brought the Nightmare King back, okay?

Fabian: [surprised] What?

Adaine: When?

Kalvaxus: When I went to go conquer the whole everything!

Adaine: Oh, like, thousands of years ago.

Kalvaxus: A couple centuries, not thousands. But look, the important thing is
this-- Why am I saying all this? Um.

[Murph and Lou chuckle]

Kalvaxus: Look, the important thing is this. I-- the Nightmare King is an
older entity than I, but, he agreed to be my lieutenant in exchange for a
couple of favors, alright?

Adaine: What favors?

Fig and Gorgug: What were those favors?

Kalvaxus: [exasperated] I accepted this gift of a single coin. It was added to
my hoard, and then he wanted me to spread my wealth around, which I was not a
fan of, but part of the curse of his coin and my hoard meant that my wealth
would always come back to me fivefold. So, I started to invest, and I learned
about stocks, and I learned about bonds, and I learned about collateralized
debt obligations.

Fig: Did you ever buy anything, like for fun?

Kalvaxus: Buy anything for fun? No, I—

Adaine: Like a nice pair of shoes?

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: And then you sold them on a website?

Adaine: Just like a jacket that makes you look good.

Kalvaxus: I bought a lot of art objects because those actually accrue in
value--

Adaine: Oh, god.

Kalvaxus: \--and they're actually, no, they're good.

Adaine: That's such a boring bad guy.

Kalvaxus: [snarling] I am not a boring bad guy!

Zac: I like, swing off and just kick him in the head.

[laughing]

Kalvaxus: [roar of pain] Very easy to kick a boat in the head!

Gorgug: Yeah, it's awesome.

Brennan: You see as you do that Bill goes,

Bill: Woo! That's right, me boy!

Zac: Do some pull ups.

[laughing]

Emily: Me too.

Zac pumps his arms up and down, and Emily joins in, matching his pace

Brennan: You see that Goldenhoard says,

Kalvaxus: Besides, it was, the more I spread my wealth around--

Siobhan: Adaine fails.

Siobhan laboriously lifts her arms up, making a comically miserable expression

Kalvaxus: \--the more the Nightmare King was able to cast his terrible magics
upon wherever my wealth went.

Gorgug: His magic?

Kristen Oh...

Fig: Why did you work with someone who was gonna be so powerful and would
inevitably betray you or become more powerful than you?

Kalvaxus: The Nightmare King never betrayed me.

Adaine: Yeah, he did.

Kalvaxus: When?

Adaine: All the time! You think some magical forest guy is gonna give you a
coin, and that's gonna be good for you?

Kalvaxus: Listen—

Adaine: You're dumb! That's rule 101, dude, read a book!

Kalvaxus: Listen-- Oh, read a book?

Adaine: You're supposed to be a teacher! Read a book!

Kalvaxus: [irate] I was not supposed to be a teacher, I was supposed to be a
dragon!

[Emily laughs]

Kalvaxus: I was made a teacher against my will.

Adaine: Well, yeah. We all know--

Kalvaxus: And now I'm a boat!

Adaine: ‘Cause you were bad at it! You were bad at teaching!

Kalvaxus: I was a pretty good vice principal.

Adaine: No...

Ally: Oh, do I have a picture of the picture?

Siobhan: Ooh, yes!

Emily:

Ally: Since The Ball isn’t here?

Brennan: You do have a picture of the picture.

Ally: On my crystal I think? Can I show it to him?

Kristen: Hey, what do you see in this photo?

Brennan: Huge dragon eye looking up as you're like leaning over him, rain
coming down. You're like, the Astral portal is coming up in front of you.

Ally: I’m holding on with all my strength.

Ally puts one arm up in the air, leaning dramatically. Zac and Emily resume
doing pull-ups.

Brennan: You see he says,

Kalvaxus: I don't see anything in there. Oh, is this about the, what is it,
the Shadow Cat? Whatever that was?

Kristen: Yes, yeah, do you see her?

Fig: You don’t see-- the Shadow Cat?

Kalvaxus: No no no, I didn't mess around with that thing at all.

Brennan: Says,

Kalvaxus: Look, the Nightmare King was a total creep. First of all, the guy
never talked ever, never spoke, just, you'd see him in visions, just this
weird skeleton with a crown and dark robes, and you would kind of, understand
what he wanted on an intuitive level.

Fig: Did he like, sit under a tree sometimes?

Kalvaxus: Yeah, in a lot of the dreams he did, but the important thing is
this: the, I know the Shadow, the Shadow Cat put me in touch with Aelwyn, but
Aelwyn wasn't the Nightmare King's only follower in Elmville. There was--

Kristen: Mhm. Who else was?

Kalvaxus: I actually don't know. It was kept secret because the only condition
I could meet them on was if I allowed myself to be able to see the Shadow Cat,
and I was like ‘That's fine. I'm fine without meeting--’

Adaine: Man, you are so easy to trick into doing stuff that you don't
understand.

Kalvaxus: I am not easy to trick!

Adaine: Aelwyn was right, you're stupid and easy to beat!

Kalvaxus: Aelwyn said that?

Adaine: Yes!

Kalvaxus: She said I was very smart when we met.

Adaine: She's a liar. She's a really big liar.

Fig: Yeah, she's very very charismatic.

Kristen: Wooow. So, they made you able to see the Shadow Cat, but you can't
see it in this?

Kalvaxus: No, I didn't take the deal, I said “stay secret”. But Aelwyn was
another follower of the Nightmare King, or a servant of the Shadow Cat, I
don't know how it all works. But the point is this: Aelwyn approached me
saying that the Shadow Cat had sent her. That's when I started to work on the
Modify Memory spell with her. She joined with Penelope and Biz in your
freshman year. The Shadow Cat made the connection for her to join my
conspiracy, and thus was it done.

Kristen: Wow, do we have any other questions?

Fabian: No?

Fig: I think that answers everything.

Brennan: Says,

Kalvaxus: But listen, I-- the Nightmare King didn't use me. When, after that
coin, anyone who I was able to give my wealth to, the Nightmare King was able
to ensorcel them from leagues away from halfway across the world. It made me
incredibly potent and powerful.

Gorgug: Whoa.

Adaine: Very cool. So, us spending all of your money that we got just made us
vulnerable to the Nightmare King.

Kalvaxus: [laughs] Oh, you have all my money?

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: Well, most of it, 'cause we spent some of it.

Kalvaxus: [laughs maniacally]

Adaine: Hey man, we're children.

Kalvaxus: Yes, and I wish I had killed and eaten all of you.

Kristen: Interesting!

Zac mimes swinging over the side and kicking Kalvaxus again

[laughing]

Kalvaxus: One day!

Kristen: What can you tell us about the forest of Sylvaire?

Kalvaxus: I don't know, it's a big forest. I let the Nightmare King have that,
and I was conquering Highcourt and Solace and everywhere else.

Kristen: Damn.

Gorgug: You'll never be half the boat my van is.

Zac: And I kick him in the neck.

[laughing]

Brennan: You guys surge through the astral portal with that, whoosh!

Fig: Write that one down. That's good for our next album.

Brennan: Bill's ships fly after him into the astral realm, and from there--

[Music stops]

Brennan: We are going to leave, and we are going to cut over to a towering
beam of light in darkness.

[Soft, angelic music starts]

Brennan: Riz, you feel completely weightless, translucent pearly light
surrounds you, and you feel wind in your hair like you are [whooshing noise]
shooting up, but you look around you, hell is gone. You look out into endless
vastness and see in the distance of the darkness other beams of light, and
other things being rescued from all over the multiverse [several whooshing
noises] and shooting up. You are wrapped in your dad's arms. He is holding you
so tight.

[chuckling]

Murph: My angel.

Murph mimes a tear running down his cheek.

Brennan: He is holding you so tight, and give me an Insight check.

Murph rolls, sees his result, and lets out a snort of surprised laughter. Ally
covers their face with their hand.

Murph: It's a natural 1.

[laughing]

Murph: He's mad at me.

Brennan: There is, no, if your dad lets go of you, you'll fly off of here and
die.

Murph: [chuckling] Oh, okay.

Murph holds his arms to his chest with a look of terror in his eyes.

Brennan: You see, he's like holding you so tight, and you're like ‘Oh, danger,
there's danger.’ You think that your dad is maybe losing his grip on you.

Murph grunts in terror and frantically readjusts his grip.

Murph: I hold him tighter.

Brennan: He holds you tighter as well, and you see that he begins to let go of
you.

[a chiming ringtone emanates from Brennan’s laptop]

Brennan: God dammit.

Lou: Wow!

[exclamations] [laughing]

Emily: It just seems like a problem he would've fixed by now.

Murph: It's Mom. “Dad’s an angel!”

Lou: God.

Brennan: You see that your dad begins to, it feels like he's beginning to let
go of you.

Riz: Woah, easy, easy!

Pok: [calmingly] Kid.

Riz: Yeah?

Pok: It's okay.

Brennan: [chuckling] Your nat 1— your dad was not holding you tight because he
was afraid of dropping you. He was holding you tight because he can't believe
he's with you again.

Riz: Right, yeah.

Brennan: He holds you off- you are arm-length's apart as he holds your
shoulder. You see tears at the corner of his eyes float off and fly up into
the beam above him as he just smiles with this look of disbelief, studying
every inch of your face.

Riz: [quietly, nervous] I got a lot of tattoos.

[laughing]

Pok: Your mom's gonna be pissed.

Riz: She's gonna be so mad at me.

Brennan: You see this incredible like, mosaic halo behind his head. It's not
like the little angel circle. It's like those saint’s things where it appears
like a circle sort of behind him. You’ve seen-- a little mote of light appears
in his ear, and you see that he puts a thing up for a second. As he does so,
you see that the little noise coming in over it comes out and says,

Voice: [static] Coming in Gukgak, we've got you on the extraction. Are we
clocking another body there with you?

Brennan holds his finger up to his ear, as if using an earpiece.

Brennan: You see he puts his finger up and says,

Pok: Yep, I have an interplanar, Prime Material, good-aligned--

Brennan: Winks at you,

[Murph nods]

Pok: Possible C.I.

Brennan: You see the voice comes over his thing saying,

Voice: Registering that-- holy moly, Gukgak, is that...?

Brennan: And you see he goes,

Pok: [proudly] It's my son.

Lou groans and puts a hand over his heart, clearly touched.

Brennan: You see he brings you in close, gives you a kiss on the head. You see
that he takes your hat off just so that he can muss your hair up. You see he
says,

Pok: How the hell did you find me?

Riz: [stammers] It's compli— Are you okay? How long were you in hell for?

Pok: I've been better.

Riz: [chuckling] Yeah.

Pok: [chuckling] I've been better.

Riz: God.

Brennan: He says,

Pok: Honestly though, maybe I haven't been.

Lou: Oh!

[Emily giggles at Lou]

Lou shakes his head and covers his mouth with his hand.

Brennan: He looks at you and he goes, he sort of is like, crying disbelief,
you see he looks and says,

Pok: I, what were you doing in hell?

Riz: Um… my friend was called to court because her dad is a devil. And he's—
it's a Spring Break thing. It's a Spring Break thing.

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: Spring Break, okay, I think I got it.

Riz: Yeah, I kinda didn't wanna bring down the mood right away, but the reason
I know where you are is because [hesitantly] the Shadow Cat, Kalina, told me.

Brennan: He looks at you. You appear [teleportation sound] in this blast of
light,

[sweet, cheerful piano music starts]

Brennan: And as you appear, there's a flash of light, and for a moment, you
can't see your father, and as he begins to-- He walks out of the light with
you. You see he's wearing a nice like, dark suit, a tie, he's like, clean
again. He got sort of a little bit of scruff, but he's got his thin mustache.
He walks out of the light with you, and you know that way where if like, a
flash goes off like, vision starts to return at like the darkest colors you
can see and blurry shapes, and it starts to sort of come out of the light. You
are standing on a grassy hill in a landscape dotted with a babbling little
stream. There's a tree, and you see that on top of the hill, there is a
gravestone. And you see that the little gravestone up there is a little bit
morbid at first until you see that there is a little chair next to it, an old
mug of what looks like coffee, a little rolled up newspaper, and you see it's
on the backside of it. And on the other side, it says Pok Gukgak next to it.

Riz: Huh. Is... You just like, hang out at your grave?

Pok: [sentimental] Whenever you come, uh, I-- whenever you come to talk to me,
I can hear you from this side.

Zac hangs his head, Ally turns away. The group makes varying expressions of
sweetness and soft sadness.

[tittering]

Lou: [touched] Oh, shut up.

Siobhan: Dammit.

Ally: God dammit, Brennan.

Lou: What the hell, dude?

Riz: I missed you, dad!

Brennan: He gives you a huge hug.

Pok: My guy, my guy, I gotta show you the place! Look at my—

Riz: Yeah, please, this is, we're in heaven. I feel like— This is what not
having anxiety is like. This is crazy. My heart is just beating like, what I
would assume a normal person's heart beats at.

Pok: I know, kid, it's great here. Look, let me introduce you to the gang.

Lou: [softly] There's a gang!

[laughing]

Brennan: He takes you over the hillside by a babbling brook, there's a huge,
big tree. One of those trees that’s like, that is very tall but is almost
like, twice as wide in its canopy as it is tall. There's like a lot of shade
from it. There is a tire swing over a little cute river. There's a dock with
some boats, and you see in this beautiful meadow with like, kind of
butterflies going from place to place.

Zac, Siobhan, Lou, and Ally bob and sway to the crescendoing sentimental and
angelic music.

Brennan: You see that there is a bunch of row boats, and there's also a
collection of about twelve desks and a copy machine over in a corner and like
a little coffee break room kind of place. [chuckles] You see that it looks
like someone just brought the furniture of an office out into like, the most
beautiful stream-side field in the world. It's like a very bright day. Just
the right temperature. It's like, warm without being too warm and a cool
breeze without being too cool. You look out at this place and see other little
paths leading off to other hills and a little path through a forest somewhere.
You see that at the various desks, there is like a little receptionist desk at
the front of this little patch in the middle of this beautiful field. And you
see that there is a gnoll woman who is wearing a little blazer, pantsuit
talking to this huge minotaur in like a button-up shirt with a pocket
protector and glasses speaking to her. You see that a lot of them have like
some badges hanging out of the front of their thing. It's just like a little
heavenly, like--

Murph: Secret agent's office?

Brennan: Secret agent's office.

Siobhan: God squad.

Brennan: God squad. You start to walk up, and you see that people look up. You
see the minotaur looks up at first. Big shaggy, red minotaur. Sees Pok
approaching with you, goes,

Minotaur: [deep, slightly goofy voice] Uh, Gukgak, who do we have here, man?

Brennan: And you see he says,

Pok: This is my son, Riz.

Brennan: You see that they go, the gnoll and the minotaur both cover their
mouths for a second and go,

Agents: [gasp] Oh! [sigh sadly]

Riz: No, I'm not dead, I don't-- [whispers] I'm not dead, right, Dad?

Pok: [whispering] You're not dead.

Riz: Okay, good. [normal volume] I'm not dead!

Brennan: They say,

Agents: Ah!

Brennan: You see he says,

Minotaur: Oh man, the kid went interplanar! How about that! And in sophomore
year?

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: You see that your dad looks and says,

Pok: I know everything about freshman year and all the adventures. I told the
whole gang, I kind of—

Brennan: You see there's an empty desk near here. As people come over and
start clapping you on the back. A lot of these people are like, kobolds and
sahuagin and various like, kind of classically monstrous races.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: You see that they start to come over, pat you on the back and say
“hello”. You see a little plaque up on the reception desk here that says, “The
Lower Planar Reconnaissance Task Force.” And you see on your dad's desk there
is a photo of you and your mom. You see that he walks over with you and you
see also a little, like, pen holder that says “Number One Dad” on it. There is
a plaque and a mug here. You see he points over to you and says,

Pok: You know, end of last year, they awarded me this.

Brennan: And you see that there's a little polished plaque on the desk that
says “On behalf of the association for divine wrath, please accept this
memorial that your death at the hands of” --engraved specially, “Emperor of
the Red Waste was avenged by”--engraved, “your son Riz Gukgak.”

[Murph chuckles]

Ally: [delighted] Awww.

Riz: I started to eat him like a goblin, but then they turned him into a boat.

[Emily laughs]

Pok: Ah. I remember, you told me, I remember.

[laughing]

Brennan: He also had a little mug on the thing. He says,

Pok: They give you a mug too when you win this.

Brennan: And you see that the mug says “Don't even talk to me until my death's
avenged.”

[laughing]

Brennan: So, you see he looks over, and a bunch of the other you know, like,
detectives here, special agents start clapping you on the back. You see he
goes,

Pok: Kid, I can't believe this. Wait, hold on. Clues first, then friends.
What's going on? How did you find me?

Riz: Umm, so, Kalina, the Shadow Cat, who said she was your partner...

Pok sighs and nods.

Riz: ...has been kind of stalking me with a weird plague disease? And she's
gotten into a lot of our friends' bodies too. And she, I don't know why she
wanted you broken free, but she seems to have been tempting me by showing me
where you were.

Pok: Okay. Let's-- yeah, let's go, let's go to the interrogation room and chat
it out real quick.

Brennan: The interrogation room is just two chairs in a part of the field.

[Murph laughs]

Brennan: And you see that he walks over with you and sits down. You see he
goes,

Pok: Okay, we can figure this out.

[somber, investigative piano music starts]

Pok: So, [sighs] here's essentially what happened. First of all, what did you
just say, did you say disease?

Riz: It's something that is getting passed along through our friends.

Pok: What's something that's getting passed along through your friends?

Riz: The Shadow Cat being able to see through us and being able to talk to us
and us being able to see her.

Brennan: You see his eyes go wide.

Riz: Was she not always like that?

Pok: [serious] No, no, kiddo, I think she was. Kid, you gotta know, the only
things I'm up to date on from the Prime Material are— I've been deep
undercover since last summer, so I only know what you told me, and other than
that, it's all a mess— Okay. A disease. That's why Detect Magic would skip
over, 'cause you wouldn't need Detect Magic, you would need Detect Poison and
Disease.

Riz: Right.

Ally: Oh.

Pok: Okay, here's the issue. I'll start to cover this with you here. [sighs]
Timeline of this: I started first seeing Kalina about 22 years ago. I was a
young agent, this was before I met your mom. I— god, a disease. So you think I
was infected?

Riz: [uncomfortable, hesitant] Yeah, I didn't, this is a weird conversation,
Dad. Is...

[cast tittering]

Riz: People have gotten it... sexually.

Murph: I start sweating so much.

[laughing]

Riz: [feigning nonchalance, deep voice] They get it sexually from having sex,
Dad.

Murph makes a series of cartoonish uncomfortable expressions.

Pok: Okay. Hey, listen listen, kiddo.

Riz: I thought heaven fixed this stuff.

Murph mimes wiping sweat from his brow.

[laughing]

Pok: It's okay. Hey, you're sweating a lot.

Riz: No, I'm cool, yeah, no, I'm good.

Pok: Bud, it's okay, don't worry about it. Listen, okay, yeah, so if she was a
plague or a disease, it would make sense that contact would allow that to
happen.

Riz: Right.

Pok: I… I met your mom when I was 27 years old. Do you get what I'm saying?
There were a lot of years where I was a young spy running around—

Riz: [quickly] Right, yeah.

Pok: Before I knew your mom.

Riz: I'm like 15, I don't know how old you are. I just know that you're old.

[Murph and Brennan chuckle]

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: Well, I was 38 when I died. I would've been 44 if I was still alive.

Riz: Okay.

Pok: Um...

Riz: So, is Kalina some, was she, always like, incorporeal or was she a—

Pok: She didn't seem— I mean, I shook her hand, I could touch her, you know?

Brennan: You remember, though, that Kalina created the sensation of weight on
your chest. You know, and then, in the medical stuff that you studied, she,
one of the places that they had that cat insignia in the old hieroglyphs was
in the spine, which would be able to create the illusion of tactile sensation.

Murph: Right.

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: But I knew, she couldn't pick stuff up all the time. She—

Brennan: He says,

Pok: Okay, I'll just tell you everything that I know. I worked with Kalina
without a problem for about 10 years. I got introduced to her from somebody
that I already knew and trusted from the Third Ring. Do you know what the
Third Ring is?

Murph shakes his head.

Pok: It's part of the Court of Stars. It's part of Fallinel’s government. When
Solace and Fallinel needed to work together, we would often collaborate, and
we were good partners. I knew that she couldn't get Scried on. I knew that she
had ways of finding things out that seemed borderline impossible, but for the
most part, you know, I chalked that up to being a good spy. She had elven
magic, something else like that.

Riz: And other people could see her, and stuff?

Pok: We were spies, kid. We weren't talking to big rooms full of people most
of the time. I mean, I didn't know that something was up for a long time. We
would have drop-offs, meeting points. We'd share information. We'd do
infiltrations together. You know, that's about it. For, you know, and I didn't
work with her all the time. My partner was, when I was partnering with her
specifically on something that was of national importance to Fallinel and
Solace, but, that doesn't necessarily mean that we spent all the time in the
world together.

Riz: Why-- [sighs] She's, I don't know if she's, like-- Do you know what she's
doing?

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: [sighs] Well, you seem to have found out more about her than I knew. We
never knew that she was a disease. What I knew, eventually what blew her cover
was this: Whatever she is, she doesn't have a godlike intelligence or anything
like that. She slipped up. We were on a mission one time, and she said that
she remembered something that she couldn't remember. We were in an ancient
ruin, and just conversationally she let slip something like “I remember when a
river went through here.” A river going through a place, that's an order of
geographical time. You know what I'm saying?

Riz: Yeah.

Pok: It was an off-hand thing, I didn't react, but I also knew that she had
ways of knowing things she couldn't know, so I couldn't move against her, not
overtly. I would tip my hand. So, I ended up going to a group outside of the
government to try to find her. This was around the time— Kalina pulled strings
to get your mom the detective promotion in Elmville. She always had an
interest in Arthur Aguefort and specifically Goldenhoard as well.

Riz: So, when did she... turn, when did she turn evil?

Pok: I don't know how she knew. She— I was so careful, and I went to this,
outside of, I went outside the foreign service. I went outside the Council of
Chosen. I knew I couldn't go through the government to try to find out about
her, and somehow she found out, and she burnt me. Kalina was the one--
[exhales] When I died, I was down in the harbors in Bastion City, and
Goldenhoard showed up. Now, part of Goldenhoard's deal with Aguefort or
whatever was that thing you mentioned. You know, he said to you about, he
could kill people if they weren't Solisian citizens and foreign service agents
weren't Solisian citizens. That's a load of bull. I had citizenship when I
worked for the foreign service. It was revoked. Someone put me on a list of
enemies of the state and got my citizenship taken away, which is how
Goldenhoard was able to kill me. I-- look, Goldenhoard is the one that killed
me, but I think Kalina somehow found out that I was gunning for her to try to
figure out what she was, and I think that she pulled some strings in the
government of Solace to get me burned.

Riz: Wow. Why is she, why is she so interested in our family? Why would she
help mom?

Pok: [sighs] The only time she ever helped your mom—

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Murph: 15.

Brennan: Your dad says,

Pok: Well, we were living in an apartment in Bastion City, and then, we had to
move to Elmville 'cause your mom got that promotion, which is what put us in
the same town as—

Brennan: And you realize Sklonda having to move to Elmville, getting a job at
the police department there meant that Pok and Sklonda were living in the same
town as Arthur Aguefort, who had the crown of the Nightmare King in his
office.

Riz: Huh. So, what is, do you know what she wants with the crown of the
Nightmare King?

Pok: Wish I did, kid. I… [sighs]

Brennan: He looks and says,

Pok: I don't know that I or your mom were special, I think we were a way in.
If you're saying that she has to ride other people to be able to get places,
you know. I stopped seeing her as much up until we went to Elmville, but she
did have a bad sense of humor around-- there was, I remember one time she said
a weird thing about a blood drive at the foreign service. There was another
time where she tried to-- I don't know, she was always careful about it, she
was good, but she pushed her luck sometimes. Joked about me being unfaithful
to your mom or-- I don't know that we were special. I think that we were,
maybe if she was a disease, her closest shot to getting to the crown.

Riz: Did she have any connection with Sandra Lynn or did you guys, back in the
day?

Pok: Sandra Lynn? I, this is Fig's mom, right?

Riz: Yeah.

Pok: I didn't know Sandra Lynn when I was alive.

Murph: Out of character, she was one of the original people who could see it,
right, before any of the—

Brennan nods, taking a sip from a coffee cup.

Murph: Okay.

Siobhan: But she's only been able to see it in the last three years.

Murph: Right, right.

Ally: Wait, how do we know that?

Siobhan explains the situation to Ally quietly in the background.

Brennan: He says,

Pok: I knew that she was partially incorporeal, or I knew that she-- some
stuff she couldn't do. When I took that photo of her. She was really careful
about not letting people take pictures of her.

Riz: Yeah.

Brennan: And there was a mixer, there was a party at the service, and she
showed up, and I asked someone to snap a shot. The person was confused, I
didn't clock it at the moment as being anything strange.

Riz: Yeah, for whatever reason, when we first started on this quest to try to
find the Nightmare King's crown, the only people that could see Kalina in the
picture were me, Mom, and Sandra Lynn.

Pok: That's interesting, the photo...

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: After I took that photo of her-- Kalina used to be able to do some really
impressive Illusion magic. I remember her running around doing stuff. I saw
her do some impressive stuff. She stopped being-- after that photo, some of
her illusory capabilities were lessened a little bit. I don't know what that
means, but--

Riz: There's something—

Pok: I remember—

Brennan: He says,

Pok: I started looking up some stuff in the service though about her. I looked
up this thing about this Landrin Lier--

Brennan: And you remember, seeing your dad, that's the stuff that Arianwen's
research was about.

Murph: Yeah, I guess I fill my dad in too, about the stuff we found about the
god with no name and things like that.

Riz: And I don't know, if you're able to take pictures of her and it takes her
power away or something, is… Is she the god with no name? If we make her real,
then she becomes less powerful or something? I don't...

Brennan: You see he goes,

Pok: I'm not sure.

Brennan: Give me a Medicine check.

Murph: 9!

Brennan: Cool. You're not certain why the photo would've weakened her, but
some-- you're noodling on it. You're trying to think of why, maybe. So, your
dad says,

Pok: Yeah, the timeline for me is again, met her when I was 22, worked with
her for a long time, but after working with her for about 10 years...

Riz: [casually] You guys have sex, or?

Brennan raises his eyebrows and tilts his head, his eyes going wide.

Riz: Did you guys have…

[laughing]

Lou: The Ball!

Riz: [awkwardly] A lot of my friends, are into, [under his breath] having sex
and stuff, [feigning confidence] and if you did, that's fine 'cause you guys--
people have sex, dad.

Murph makes an exaggerated “and what about it?” kind of expression, then wipes
the sweat from his brow.

[laughing]

Riz: [shouting] It's fine, Dad. People hook up, man!

[raucous laughter]

[Lou claps]

Brennan: Your dad, kind of, steeples his fingers, and really looks at you for
a second and goes,

Pok: Riz, are you, you're, you’re-- sophomore year, yeah, I hear that. Do you,
have you... you don't talk about it when you come and talk to me, but have you
ever... “hooked up” yourself?

Murph leans forward and raises his eyebrows conspiratorially.

Riz: [whispering] Had sex?

Pok: Had sex? You can tell me.

[Emily cackles]

Riz: N-no, no.

Pok: It's okay.

Riz: Yeah.

Brennan: You see he looks up and says,

Pok: I was, if you're concerned about this, I was always faithful to your
mother.

Riz: Cool.

Pok: Before I met Sklonda, I was extremely not faithful for many years, and
then, I met the person that— ah, without grossing you out, put all the rest in
the past.

Riz: Cool. I guess just from-- so I can figure out, 'cause this is a weird
thing, because I'm a detective but also I'm your son. I just really need to
know if you had sex with this person.

[laughing]

Brennan: He's like,

Pok: You're trying to, you think I was infected?

Riz: Yes.

Pok: And so you're trying to figure out when that would've happened. I mean,
the answer is it could've happened in a lot of different times—

[Lou gasps dramatically]

Pok: Prior to... It was a different uh, it was a different era back then, I…

[groaning] [chuckling]

Siobhan: Oh boy.

Emily: Ew.

Lou: Get out, no no no.

Pok: I wasn't, when I was very young, I wasn't as careful as I could've been,
I do regret that, but—

Lou: [dramatically] Pok!

Pok: But I went to the doctor you know, had all that--

[various distressed “Oy” noises]

Pok: We had all that taken care of.

Murph mimes wiping his forehead.

Riz: [strained] Right, cool, dad.

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: But--

[tittering]

Brennan: He goes,

Pok: There could've been any number of, is it, it sounds like she's a disease.
There's a million other ways—

Riz: Blood transfusion, many other...

Brennan: He says,

Pok: You know, there was this--

Brennan: He goes to, he walks over to his desk in the interrogation room with
you and begins to look through some things. Part of his records. He was like,

Pok: The first time I encountered the Third Ring I was 22, it was one of my
first missions. I was in this old fortress called Acarian, which is in
Fallinel somewhere, and I was in a firefight in this old fortress of the Third
Ring, and I busted in through this secret door, and there was this old
cobwebbed place. I remember finding a shelf full of potions there. They had
some old healing potions. I don't know... It was shortly after that that I met
Kalina for the first time, and I'm trying to remember if there would've been
any other thing that would've happened. I don't think so. Do you know that--
is it possible to get this illness, this plague in other ways?

Riz: I, if she was--

Brennan: You remember the Life Transference that—

Riz: Yeah, it was, yeah, it was through a spell.

Brennan: He says,

Pok: I think there might be more than one way to get this, kiddo. I think this
is a general plague. I don't think this is necessarily...

Riz: [strained, deep voice] A sex plague?

[laughing]

Murph mimes wiping his brow, covering his hand with his mouth, and wringing
the sweat from his hands.

Pok: I don't think it's-- I think sex is a scandalous subject, and so that
might draw your attention—

Riz: Right, yeah.

Pok: But I think it might be a more general disease.

Murph nods silently for several moments

Brennan raises his eyebrows

Riz: [quickly] Got it.

[others laughing]

Riz: We don't have to talk about sex anymore, Dad.

[Murph breaks into breathless laughter]

Pok: If you have any questions--

Riz: I actively don't wanna talk about it.

Pok: Last time I was able to talk to you, you were nine years old. You've
grown up a lot, kiddo. I-- I really miss you.

Riz: [voice cracks] I missed you too, dad. And I'm...

Pok: You can, this is okay to talk for a father and a son. I missed all of
puberty. Maybe not all, but I missed a lot of it.

Riz: Yeah, I don't know, I just don't... it just isn't happening yet? Like,
not even just the act is not happening yet, like me wanting to do it.

Pok: It's not happening?

Riz: It's not happening yet. And my friends are all like, [whispered] super
horny.

[chuckling]

Pok: Yeah, that checks out.

Riz: Yeah.

Pok: Well, kiddo, if it never happens, that's also okay. There's a lot to life
to enjoy, and I already know that you matter a lot to your friends and a lot
to your family. So, you know, if you never end up having those desires, that's
completely okay, bud.

Ally: [softly, choked up] You're killing me in this episode.

[giggling]

Brennan: You see, he says,

Pok: But if you, it's also okay if it doesn't happen for years, you know?
That's also fine. You're your own person. It's gonna happen on your own time,
or not, and either way is A-okay, bud. I won't lie, you know, I know that me
and your mom would love to see some grandkids--

[Lou chuckles]

Pok: But that has nothing to do with procreation, that can happen a lot of
other ways.

Riz: Right.

Pok: Selfish, I know, but I'd love that Gukgak name to continue. Gotta have
another little young one scrambling around looking for blocks under the sofa.

Brennan: See, he looks at you and says,

Pok: [sighs] I also wanna show you this.

Brennan: He opens up his desk and says,

Pok: This is my senior year yearbook photo.

Brennan: And he pulls up a photo. Your dad is in a like, short-sleeve plaid
shirt with wavy hair and a middle part. Huge braces all over his teeth making
a face like,

Brennan contorts his face into an awkward, wide-eyed expression between a
smile and a grimace.

[laughing]

Brennan: Triple chin, like, snaggled back.

Murph: Riz, with zero self-awareness,

Riz: [laughing] Dad, you were a dork!

[laughing]

Brennan: Snatches it back.

Pok: I know what I was, all right? Look, the Gukgaks bloom if and when they
bloom, and that's fine. And if you're like your old man, you will bloom in
junior year of college. But--

Riz: [softly] Wow.

Pok: But after that, if I haven't already made it clear--

Riz: No, you’re, I mean--

Pok: We were off to the races.

Riz: Yeah.

Pok: I don't mean to make you uncomfortable.

Riz: This is, Dad, this is amazing. You're a-- [sighs] You're everything I
could've ever wanted you to be.

[Lou sighs]

Riz: You're in heaven, and you choose to leave to do your job. It's beautiful.

Pok: [softly] I love you so much, kid.

Riz: I love you, Dad.

Pok: [choked up] You know, there's something I always think about which is
that um... I didn't get all the years with you that I wanted, and I didn't get
the years with you that I would've wanted to give you and your mom, and… My
old man said something to me when I was a youngster, and I'll pass it on to
you, which is, you know, people show love in different ways. They hug, they
kiss, they say sweet things to each other, and I didn't have a close
relationship with my dad. He was a very distant guy. You know, he was first
generation in Solace. His parents were goblins out in the Mountains of Chaos,
and-- [sighs] He, uh… I didn't get along with him. He was always off working.
You know he was a beat cop in Bastion City, gone all the time, didn't have
many kind words to say. And I remember when I was an adult... [swallows] I
found his locket when he was an older guy, and it had a picture of me and your
aunts and your uncle in it, and he just... When he was older and he was sick,
he told me that he loved me, and he said it was hard for him to say it with
words, but he never had a hard time saying it with actions, and every time he
walked to that street to bring home a little bit of cash for us, keep us fed,
keep a roof over our head... When I went out on those missions I thought about
the same thing a lot. Work is an act of love. And, just because you're a
little anxious, you get a little flop sweat, I know, and I think your mom
knows, and I think your friends know, that you stayin’ up with your boards at
night trying to crack the case. You don't do that because you don't care about
people. That's you saying “I love you” to the people that matter to you most.

Riz: Thanks, Dad.

Brennan: Gives you a kiss on the head. You see he looks and says,

Pok: So, after I was... dead, I found out what heaven already knew about
Kalina, which was everything to do with her-- we didn't know she was a
disease. You cracked that open for us, literally right now. We knew that she
was a servant of the Nightmare King. So, we spent about two months putting up
a cover for me and got my soul down to hell because we basically went, most
demons are able to see Kalina. The Abyss, just the disease is, yeah, I guess
spread through. Devils have been able to keep her at bay really well, and we
wanted to find out why, and what their wards were. So I was gonna go deep
undercover, which is what I do here on the task force. We go down into the
lower planes. We disguise ourselves as petitioners, and we do work with the
celestial planes, you know. As long as we can keep the Abyss and the Nine
Hells fighting each other, war doesn't come to the upper planes. And
eventually, what ended up happening was we got down, but my entry point was
this place called the Bottomless Pit in the Nine Hells, and I got basically
trapped there for a long time. It was like nobody knew that I was there. They
were like, gummed up. The work was gummed up. Someone wasn't doing the job
they were supposed to be doing, and—

Emily grimaces shamefully.

Riz: Right, that’s— Gorthalax, Fig's dad, was captured.

Pok: Oh, Fig's biological dad, gotcha. And Gorthalax, you—

Brennan: Would Riz have mentioned to his dad that Gorthalax and his mom had
been— When you like, visit your dad's grave, do you think he would've
mentioned Gorthalax and your mom?

[gasping] [tittering]

Emily opens her mouth wide in shock, turning to Zac. She hits Zac’s shoulder
then covers her mouth with her hand.

Murph: [laughing] I think I think maybe not. I think this was Riz legitimately
just like, slipping up and then just thinking that he's never brought it up.

Brennan: Cool, he says,

Pok: Yeah, there was this big pit fiend there.

Murph fervently wipes sweat from his brow.

[giggling]

Pok: He was wearing a whistle around his neck, and it was like he going
through like a backlog of all the souls he hadn't processed. There was some
other, there was this devil woman yelling at him.

Riz: [restrained] Uh-huh.

Pok: But he—

Riz: [quickly, strained] Is dating mom.

Murph’s eyebrows raise. Brennan tilts his head towards Murph and raises his
eyebrows as well. They exchange a look.

Riz: Gor— Gorthalax.

Pok: [low] Fig's dad is dating your mom?

Riz: [whispered] Yeah.

Brennan exhales slowly and pauses for a long moment, nodding thoughtfully

Lou: Oof.

Emily: [whispering] But he's trapped in a gem.

[giggling]

Riz: He's in a gem right now, but he's a really nice guy. He's a really nice
guy.

Pok: Hey, you've described him before. He sounds like a really nice guy.
[pause] Good for your mom.

[chuckling]

Riz: Um, I—

Pok: Hey, kid, it's okay.

Riz: Yeah, I know, I didn't mean to bring it up. I'm, I’m sorry, I didn't
wanna lie to you by omitting anything.

Pok: Hey, I would rather--

Riz: He's always getting trapped in gems.

Murph covers the side of his mouth with his hand, then makes a cartoonish
expression.

Riz: [goofy voice] It's kinda pathetic.

[laughing]

Riz: If I'm like, devil who always gets trapped in a gem or undercover angel
dad? Uh, undercover angel dad! ‘Cause he has sex!

[shocked laughing]

Emily: [quietly] Tell him his daughter trapped him in a gem.

Riz: Fig trapped him in a gem!

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: Got it. Look, he seems like--

[giggling]

Brennan: He says,

Pok: He seems like a great guy. Kid--

Riz: We don't have to talk about how great a guy-- He's fine.

Pok: Okay.

Riz: I'm not one of those kids.

Pok: Yeah, I gotcha.

Riz: It was just a weird way to bring it up.

Brennan: He says,

Pok: In any case,

Brennan: He says,

Pok: Yeah, he pulled me out and then passed me up the chain of command, which
is how I ended up in that interrogation room.

Riz: Right.

Pok: How did you find me?

Riz: Kalina… Kalina showed me.

Pok: How did Kalina know I was there?

Riz: If she can tap into my system, she can [concerned] tap into yours? And
maybe tap into heaven?

Brennan: You see he shakes his head and says,

Pok: She might be able to tap into yours right now, but--

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Pok: This is not my body, kid. My body was eaten by your old vice principal.

Riz: Right.

Pok: I got a new body when I showed up here.

Emily: Oh, that's good.

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,

Pok: When… when did this... What do you know the extent of Kalina's abilities
are?

Riz: I know that she can-- If you have the disease, she can see through your
eyes. She can affect your spine in some way, she was able to paralyze me one
time. She can, it's, she cannot get into your thoughts. And she can only
inhabit one person at a time.

Pok: She can get into your eyes though, right?

Riz: Yeah.

Murph furrows his brow and his mouth flattens in a curious expression.

Pok: I'm not asking this because I'm upset. I'm asking this because we gotta
crack the case. When did your mom and Gorthalax start dating?

Riz: Right after freshman year?

Pok: So, end of summer last year, Gorthalax pulls me out of a chain of
captured souls in the Bottomless Pit, and he's been dating your mom for a
couple months at that point.

Murph nods.

Pok: So, that's how Kalina saw me. Did Kalina tell you to come rescue me?

Riz: [pause] It was more just like dangling a carrot in front of me. She was
trying to prove that she was my friend, essentially.

Pok: Or she was trying to get you to come rescue me so that I would blow my
cover.

Riz: [nodding, with an upset look on his face] Yeah.

Pok: She's good.

Riz: Yeah, she is the worst, Dad.

Pok: I realized that after I died.

[Lou snorts]

Riz: Do you have any contact with your, do you know where your body is?

Pok: I would assume, well, you should know that my body was incinerated.

Riz: Right.

Pok: So, I— Anything that your vice principal would've eaten would've been
ash.

Riz: Okay.

Brennan: You see he looks and says,

Pok: [sighs] Okay, you have a lot to do. Hopefully, some of this has been
helpful or informative so you at least understand the timeline. Kiddo, I gotta
ask you something. You were asking if I slept with Kalina. Do you know that
she has ever been real?

Riz: [shaking his head] I don't.

Pok: [thoughtfully] That photo...

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,

Pok: All right. I think we've covered about everything I know about Kalina. Is
there anything else, any other questions I can answer for you?

Riz: Yeah. After I go back, is there any way for me to see you again?

Pok: Short of some pretty powerful magic, I don't think so, bud.

Riz: Alright. Well, I've got some pretty powerful friends, so.

Pok: You're damn right, kid.

Lou: Oh ho ho.

Emily sticks her tongue out and gestures pointedly in celebration.

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says,

Pok: [sighs] How do you feel about, how old are you now, you're 16 now?

Riz: Yeah.

Pok: That's old enough to do part-time work, right?

Riz: I do overtime work, Dad.

[Brennan laughs]

Riz: I don't sleep.

Brennan: Okay, you see he looks over and he says,

Pok: Mike, can we get some part-time start form for the kid here? We're gonna
hire a consultant.

[Emily laughs]

Brennan: We are gonna cut back to the Astral Plane. You guys are on the
Goldenrod, hovering in like, empty kind of Astral space. What do you guys do
as you come through? You finish talking to Kalvaxus, you’re back on the ship.

Zac: Wow.

Fig: I thought we were going back to the Hangvan.

Fabian: Are we using the—

Brennan: You guys wanna go back to Arborly?

Adaine: Oh, yeah.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Gorgug: Do you wanna say— goodbye to your dad?

Adaine: I mean, unless there's anything here that's obviously...

Fabian: I mean, of course, I wanna give my papa a big hug before we depart,
but I mean, that's last orders.

Zac: Can I look through the like, piles of like, holy relics to see if I can
get like, some holy oil or anything like that, like or any like useful shit.

Brennan: Oh sure, if you guys wanna just throw some holy water on your stuff,
go for it.

Emily: Can I put holy water on my stuff as an archdevil?

Brennan: As long as you don't touch it.

Emily: Whoa, okay.

Fig: Gorgug, will you—

Siobhan: Can I do an Investigation check?

Brennan: Yeah, do an Investigation check.

Siobhan: On this pile of holy stuff. Okay, that's a 21.

Brennan: 21, pretty good.

Siobhan: Pretty good.

Brennan: You look over and see huge crates of all the stuff that the pirates
stole from Dis and also stuff that the pirates stole from the Bottomless Pit.
As you open, on a 21, you see, even though it is months ahead of time, a pre-
wrapped birthday gift for Fig from Gorthalax.

Lou: Oh.

Siobhan: Ah!

Siobhan raises her eyebrows, looking towards Emily, then holds up one hand as
if presenting a small object.

Fig: Oh.

Brennan: Sorry, not this.

Brennan repeats Siobhan’s gesture.

Brennan: This.

Brennan stretches his arms out to the side of him, forming the vague shape of
a guitar.

Siobhan: Oh.

Brennan: And it's a very conspicuous shape.

Siobhan: My minus two to strength.

Siobhan holds her arms out laboriously. Zac mimes taking the object from
Siobhan with ease and giving it to Emily with one hand.

Emily: I'll take it.

Fig: I feel like I should wait for him to open it.

Gorgug: I feel like he'd probably want you to open it-- I just wanna see what
it is.

Fig: Yeah.

[laughing]

Adaine: I can cast Detect Magic on it if you'd like, as a ritual.

Fig: I feel like I don't deserve this. I've put him in a gem, and now, I'm
just gonna get presents from him.

Adaine: You didn’t put him in a gem, Kalina did.

Gorgug: But what if it helps you get him out of the gem?

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: [pointing to Gorgug] Dang, you're good at this.

Emily frantically scratches and tears at the air, miming eagerly opening her
present.

[laughing]

Gorgug: [childlike excitement] Open the present!

Adaine: Save the paper, save the paper!

Kristen: Ooh.

Lou: Ooh, what is it?

Brennan: You unwrap it.

Zac: “Save the paper.”

[giggling]

Zac: Classic Ad.

Fabian: Oh, Adaine. You can always get more paper.

Adaine: No, it's really nice!

Brennan: You unwrap this thing.

[upbeat rock music starts]

Siobhan: Woah.

Zac nods his head to the beat of the music. Emily smiles devilishly, rubbing
her hands together and sticking her tongue out.

Brennan: You see the sickest bass guitar. Like, devil horns on the top. Four
bright ruby red strings. The like, even though it's electric, it has like,
where the hole would be in an acoustic a like, fanged maw is there. This just
like, devilish scaled fucking bass, and you see that there is like a little
like place for a like a wah-wah or whatever--

Emily: Wah-wah pedal.

Brennan: A little wah-wah pedal. And you see next to that there is a little,
just one of those little like antennae switches, very short and stubby that
says: “automatically shatter nearby rubies” / “don't automatically shatter
nearby rubies.”

Ally: What!

Emily: [high-pitched, exuberant] I switch it to “automatically shatter nearby
rubies,” and I take it for it’s first spin!

Emily smiles widely, holding her arms up at her sides. She punctuates her
sentence by bringing one arm down as if strumming the guitar.

[laughing]

Brennan: One of the nearby pirates has a thing on his belt explode and the
shrapnel goes into his leg.

Pirate: [cries out in pain]

Brennan: Falls over.

Gorgug: [distressed] He's dead!

[laughing]

Brennan: You see Bill goes,

Bill: Ooh, that be a stately bass, lass!

Fig: I agree! My dad knows me well. One of them. Both of them do, I'm just
saying. Gilear didn't hear that, right?

Adaine: Gilear, what did you get her for her birthday?

Lou: [chuckling] Oh my god.

Gilear: It's not your birthday yet.

Fig: I know.

Gilear: Right?

Fig: Yeah.

Gilear: Gorthalax already got-- I already got you something as well.

Fig: Really?

Kristen: What is it Gilear? Do you have it on you?

Gilear: [nervous] It would ruin the surprise.

[Emily chuckles]

Gilear: Also, I'm still saving up for it.

[tittering]

Fig: [pityingly] Oh, no.

Ally: Oh… oh.

Gorgug: Okay, yeah.

Kristen: Okay.

Gilear: The kitchen of my apartment got termites, and also some nearby
buildings that my landlord decided to charge me for as well.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Gilear: So, we're sort of strapped at the moment.

Emily: Can I slide some money into his pocket?

Brennan: [chuckling] Yes.

Adaine: Wait, aren't you in Fabian's garage? Aren't you living in Fabian's
garage?

Gilear: I'm not allowed to break my lease. My landlord's adult son threatened
to kick my ass.

Fabian: What? Why didn't you tell me, Gilear? I'll go kick his ass.

Gorgug: I think it's... you. Wait.

Gilear: [tearfully] You would do that? [stifles a sob]

Fabian: I mean, now, I would. Then, I probably wouldn't have, but when we get
back, I'll, I’ll kick that adult son's ass.

[Murph giggles]

Siobhan: I pull a lemon yogurt out of my jacket and then give it to him.

Gilear: Incredible.

Brennan: You see that Bill walks, sort of strides across the deck, claps a
hand on Gilear's back and says,

Bill: Gilear, my boy. You're a fine man, I can see by the eyes of your
daughter that you are well and truly loved, and I see that my boy will take
care of you as well. And you know the tender touch of Hallariel, the most
beautiful woman in the world. Take good care of her, Gilear, and if any man
looks askance at her, you slit his throat-- or I'll slit yours!

Adaine: What about if any woman looks askance at her?

Bill: [laughs] Dealer's choice!

[laughing]

Brennan: You see, you see that Gilear says,

Gilear: I already know what this dealer shall choose.

[laughing]

Brennan: You see Bill says,

Bill: We are alike, you and I, in so many ways.

Brennan: And Gilear goes,

Gilear: What?

Fig: I see it, I see it, I do. I was thinking that. Billear, really.

[Siobhan laughs]

Brennan: You see he says,

Bill: I wish for nothing more than for you to make an honest woman of
Hallariel. Let us talk, I'll try to tell you as much as I know about how to
make her happy.

Brennan: And you see he says,

Gilear: Er—

Brennan: And you see he says,

Bill: Now, what she absolutely loves is chaos, chaos in the house!

[laughing]

Brennan: And you see Gilear says,

Gilear: Help!

Brennan: And he starts being marched across the desk-- uh, the deck of the
ship. For the rest of you: So you see this insane devilish bass there. You see
that the bass looks, like, reinforced on the back with like cast iron, and you
see that there are some, like, horns on the side that you think might be
ornamental, and then you realize are partially serrated. This is like, for
swinging at people as much as it is for playing music.

[laughing]

Emily: I try it out on Gorgug.

Emily clasps her hands together and swings them towards Zac.

Gorgug: Ah! [flinches from impact]

Siobhan: [facetiously] He's not raging, and he's at 20 AC.

Zac: [jokingly] I die. Gorgug just--

[laughing]

Zac drops his head backwards, and Murph repeats the action.

Murph: [chuckling] Clean cut off, head off.

Ally: “Waaaah!”

Siobhan: We're out of Revivify diamonds, and there’s--

Brennan: Okay, so you guys [mumbles] you get that cool, that's like the
coolest thing you find. The rest of you find some vials of holy water and
stuff like that. So, do you guys open the door back to Arborly and get out of
there?

Gorgug: Let's get the hell outta here.

Adaine: Yeah, I think so.

Fig: Yeah.

Lou: I run and give my papa a big hug.

Brennan: You go give your papa a big hug.

Ally: Can I look for some like, do a Religion check for some paintings of
people?

[snickering]

Ally: I'm just collecting art now.

Brennan: Yeah, sure, you get a Religion check.

Emily: 'Cause Goldenrod told you to?

Ally: That is a 24.

Brennan: You get a nice little painting of a saint that is smashed to bits
because it was about to be fired out of a cannon at somebody.

Adaine: That's actually like found art, which is like, very rad right now.

Kristen: Yeah, it's very cool.

Ally: Very cool, okay, yeah, I take it.

Adaine: It's like a statement.

Gorgug: It’s bohemian.

Brennan: You see that Gilear comes back looking truly rattled. Sandra Lynn
kind of furrows her brow and steers him away from Bill for a second as Bill
looks over at you, Fabian. Looks at you.

[glorious, heroic, Seacaster pirate orchestral music starts]

Bill: I don't know if I've ever seen the likes of it, my boy. You're gonna put
them all to shame.

Fabian: Who are all— All, who is all?

Bill. Anyone that crosses your path.

Fabian: Oh yes, very much so.

Brennan: You see he says,

Bill: My praise you don't need. Your name is being written, boy, and I can't
wait to see it finished.

Fabian: I'm off to be a man-boy, all on my own.

Bill: [chokes back a sob]

Brennan: [motioning to his eye] The ember, fiery. [mimes a tear]

Bill: My own his darling man-boy.

[Ally chuckles]

Fabian: One more hug.

Brennan: He says,

Bill: There will be one for ye waiting here any time you come to Hell. [roars]

Brennan reaches out his arms and wraps them in a crushing hug.

Fabian: Ow ow ow!

Bill: Hah! That's my son!

Fabian: Ow, this hurts!

[laughing]

Brennan: And he sends you back through Arborly, and he says,

Bill: Best of luck on your quest, and if I ever see you again, you're all
dead!

Adaine: Nice to see you too, Mister Seacaster!

Fig: Hey! Look over the Bottomless Pit for me!

Bill: [laughs] Look over it I will, lass.

Adaine: Oh, do you have any wizards with you?

Bill: Wizards?

Adaine: Yes.

Bill: None!

Adaine: Damn.

Bill: Wait, should I get some?

Adaine: Yes!

Bill: I'll try. Oh, and I'm gonna go to the Inn of the Infinite in the Astral
Plane and sell off all of this treasure. Most of it I stole from you so I'll
cut you in 50/50.

Fig: Okay! I wasn't even gonna ask, but sure!

Bill: [laughs maniacally] To war! Or to market, but then to war.

Gorgug: Okay, bye!

Fig: Bye!

Fabian: Love you!

Brennan: Unfurl the scroll, walk back into Arborly. Well, you guys are back in
front of Holly Hill—

[sighs of relief]

[slow, creeping music plays]

Brennan: With the Hangvan near you.

Zac: Wow.

Siobhan: Okay.

Lou: Oh, and can I have wheeled the Hagv— like the corpse, or the— the bike
back with us?

Brennan: Yes, this is not as bad as it was before. A quick Mending from your
wax, and [engine revving noise].

Adaine: Oh, yeah. I can cast Mending on it.

Fabian: We'll get it back.

Gorgug: This is, um, maybe it can wait for later, but I'll say it now.

Zac: I try to get us away from Gilear.

Gorgug: So, like—

Kristen: He's the chosen one.

Gorgug: He's the chosen one for sure.

[Emily laughs]

Siobhan shakes her head and hums in disapproval.

Gorgug: He kinda keeps dying.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: [quietly] I know.

Gorgug: I wonder if there's, it's just maybe better for him if we--

Adaine: Just leave him here?

Fig: [disappointed] Yeah, we can leave him.

Gorgug: I don't think we can take him to the Nightmare King forest, right?

Adaine: No, for sure not.

Kristen: I don’t think so either.

Adaine: I mean, Sandra Lynn speaks Sylvan.

Gorgug: He's wonderful.

Kristen: Yeah.

Fabian: I mean, of course, he does want to go.

Gorgug: Maybe the chosen one goes home. That’s his--

Adaine: Yeah, maybe the choice is to leave and not-- just die every five
minutes.

Fabian: I mean, everyone knows that I'm pro-Gilear being there 'cause I feel
like he's part of—

Adaine: Also, is this chosen one thing a bit because I really don't
understand.

Fabian: Oh no, I mean, there was a moment at the Hotel Cavalier where a bunch
of demons ran past me to attack Gilear.

[giggling]

Fabian: Me, a clear offensive threat. Attacking Gilear? There's something
special about him.

Fig: Yeah, yeah.

Gorgug: He was amazing.

Adaine: Right, that's why you think he's the chosen one.

Fabian: That's why I know he's the chosen one.

Kristen: That's why we all know that he's the chosen one.

Fabian: Think is a strong word.

Fig: Okay. I'll tell him. I'll tell him.

Fabian: Yeah.

Brennan: You see Sandra Lynn's over there. You see that Sandra Lynn and Gilear
are both talking. As you walk over to go talk to them, you guys are over there
with Ragh, Tracker, and you see that Ayda looks over at you and goes,

Ayda: You were remarkable in that fight.

Fig: I mean, not as good as you, but you know. I try to put on a little bit of
a show.

Ayda: You eviscerated, with powerful rock magic, the evil coach of your high
school.

Fig: Yeah, but you kind of like, bent the battlefield to your will.

Ayda: That's an extremely evocative phrasing of that, and it makes me sound
very cool when you say it that way.

Fig: Well, it was really cool.

Ayda: You're really cool.

Fig: You're really cool.

Ayda: Wow.

Fig: Mm. Yeah, yeah.

Ayda: I think I'm about to have a heart attack.

[laughing]

Fig: That's fine, that's cool.

Brennan: You see she says,

Ayda: I completed Plane Shift, and though we did it to come and rescue you—
Again, can't believe those devils would think to tangle with a wizard's
paramour, that's foolishness. Uh--

Fig: What's a, what’s a paramour?

Ayda: A paramour?

Fig: Mm-hmm.

Ayda: A paramour is a lover.

Fig: [nods] Mm.

Ayda: Is that— Oh, I meant to ask—

Siobhan: All of us are standing in a group like this.

Siobhan leans back in her chair with an exaggerated expression of shock on her
face. She eyes the other players.

[Brennan chuckles]

Emily: Wait, but you guys are-- Oh my god, can I, I cast Greater Invisibility.

[laughing]

Brennan: You see--

Kristen: Whoa!

Fabian: Find them!

Lou: I just start casting Faerie Fire.

[laughing]

Fabian: I'm not gonna miss this!

Adaine: Also, we can still hear you.

Fig: Maybe we should go somewhere private. I have to talk to Gilear at some
point for a really uncomfortable conversations, but.

Brennan: You see that actually your parents both come over. You see Sandra
Lynn and Gilear are actually both smiling. You see Sandra Lynn looks over and
says,

Sandra Lynn: So as an elven ranger I'm pretty keen of hearing, and Ayda, I
heard something you said on the deck of the ship.

Kristen: We don't know where Ayda and Fig went, actually.

Brennan: You see Ayda’s not, doesn't have Greater Invisibility cast on her.
She says—

Emily: [laughing, embarrassed] I actually don't have the spell slot so I
didn't.

[laughing]

Emily: I just hid behind a bush.

Brennan: You see that your mom looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: Ayda, I know you live in Leviathan, but are planning on maybe
moving your library. We would love to have you over for dinner at Mordred
Manor sometime.

Lou: Ooh.

Brennan: You see Gilear looks and says,

Gilear: I, for one, am very glad to see that you have decided to spend some
time with my daughter Figueroth. It is a incredible improvement over previous
partners if you were to chart it on a graph.

[laughing]

Gilear: It's a pretty incredible spike.

Emily: I grab Ayda and I say,

Fig: Ayda, I made a promise to myself I wasn't gonna skateboard away from you
anymore. So you have to come with me.

Emily: And I grab her on my skateboard and we both skateboard away from the
situation.

[laughing]

Brennan: You see Ayda goes,

Ayda: [quickly] I’m leaving now!

[laughing]

Zac: Just on grass?

Brennan: Skateboard on grass.

Lou: So much pushing.

Brennan: Gilear looks he says,

Gilear: Daughter, do not feel shame.

Brennan: And you see Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: Sometimes the mood just strikes, sweetie. Bye bye!

Fig: Ugh! That's so gross! You guys are so gross—

Sandra Lynn: I'm not gross, you’re cute. That's what’s happening.

Fig: No! How does everyone know?! What precisely happened?

Brennan: You see, Ayda looks over and says,

Ayda: I've committed an error. I told everyone.

Fig: No. That— you didn't commit an error. That's not an error. I just am a
private person.

Ayda: Do you wish me to swear an oath of secrecy to tell none of your name
ever again?

Fig: [chuckling] No, I mean--

[Ally laughs]

Ayda: For 1000 years of torture, I will keep your name hidden, deep in the
shadows.

Fig: I think I can come up with a better secret for 1000 years of torture to
be hanging over your head. No, no, no. The cat’s outta the bag, let's keep it
out, let's burn the bag, y’know?

Kristen: Hey, should we figure out how to get Riz back?

Fig: Yes. Absolutely! Absolutely.

Brennan: You see that Ayda says,

Ayda: I will let you go speak to your parents, but when you find your
biological father's gem, I now know the Plane Shift spell, and I will help you
free him.

Fig: Thank you. I also think that maybe I might have a real crude version of
it, which is just shattering a ruby.

Ayda: Fun.

Fig: So I mean, we could double team it.

Emily winks, then chuckles. Brennan holds for a beat, eyes darting to the
side.

[giggling]

Ayda: You’ve winked at me again. I didn't catch the meaning but I'm very
excited.

[laughing]

Ayda: Could you explain what was salacious in your previous statement?

Fig: How about later? I just feel like everyone's watching us, and I'm a very
private person.

Ayda: Right, right. Something to look forward to.

Fig: Yeah

Adaine: [to the rest of the party] She’s so red.

[Ally laughs]

Brennan: You see, she looks at you and says,

Ayda: You have my feather, you know to call me.

Fig: Wait, are you going somewhere now?

Ayda: I need to go finish shrinking the Compass Points so I can move to—

Fig: [dismayed] Wait, you're going back to Compass Points? You just got here.

Ayda: Do you want me to... I'll stay if you want me to stay.

Emily: Oh, don’t put that decision on me.

[Ally laughs]

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Ayda: I would very much like it. No one's ever asked me to stay anywhere
before.

Fig: Okay, then let me be the first. Please stay.

Ayda: I will stay.

Fig: Okay, stay,

Ayda: I will stay.

Fig: Cool.

Ayda: Extremely cool.

Fig: I'm gonna go break Gilear's heart. Again.

Ayda: I'm going to go give a piece of payment to Adaine.

Brennan: You see as you go back to Gilear, you see Ayda walks over to you and
says,

Ayda: Oracle, seer.

Adaine: Librarian.

Brennan: You see that she looks and says,

Ayda: Due to your exceptional talent and skill at arcane research, we were
able to crack the secret of the Plane Shift spell together in record time. I
was working on something a little bit hidden, just in moments of our downtime.
An older version of me once said that it was extremely gauche, the habit of
wizards to name spells after themself. And I tend to agree, I think naming a
spell after yourself is very gauche. But the idea of having a spell named
after you is—

Adaine: [quietly] Really cool.

Ayda: Extremely cool. So I thought: Most wizards have lived lives of quiet
isolation, entombed before death in their research, but now that I have a
friend who's a wizard, I thought maybe it would be maybe be-- Maybe as Fig
would say “cute” if we, instead of making spells for ourselves, made spells
for each other.

Adaine: [gasps] [softly] What?

Ayda: And I made you a spell.

Siobhan puts her hands on either side of her face and squeals in excitement.
Brennan hands her a piece of paper across the table.

Brennan: She hands you a scroll. It is a first level spell called Adaine's
Furious Fist. I can read it, I'll read it right now. It's a first level spell,
casting time is a bonus action. Its duration is concentration for one minute.
For the duration of the spell your fist gleams with silvery arcane light and
you may as an action make a melee spell attack on a creature within reach of
your unarmed attack.

Siobhan: [softly] Nice.

Siobhan raises her first in front of her and softly whooshes, then punches.

Brennan: The first such successful attack during the duration of the spell
deals 2d10 force damage to the target, and the target must make a Strength
saving throw or be knocked prone and pushed up to five feet away from you. By
using spell slots of higher level the damage increases by 2d10 for each spell
slot higher—

Ally: Woah!

Emily: 2d10 for each spell slot?!

Brennan: [nodding] 2d10 for each spell slot, and the failed-- on, and also,
the spell it's a five more feet for each spell level up.

Siobhan: Ah!

Brennan: Ah, you see that--

Siobhan: I immediately cast it on myself.

Gorgug: Hit me!

Siobhan leans back and raises both fists in front of her with a proud look on
her face.

Brennan: [magical whoosh] You see that your right fist, you see, glows with
silvery arcane light. You see she says,

Ayda: One of my favorite things that I’ve observed about you is that while you
are extremely analytical and rational, you also have a deep and profound rage
rooted in justice, and I sensed in you that, from time to time you really want
to punch something that offends you.

Siobhan: I punch a wall.

Siobhan juts her fist out directly to her side.

Brennan: Boom! A wall, like, section of the fence just blasts off with this
incredible force damage spell.

Fabian: Woah! What's going on over there?

Kristen: Woah!

Adaine: I'm strong now!

[noises of excitement and intrigue]

Adaine: And I have a spell named after me!

Kristen: Cool.

Fabian: Wow!

[Siobhan and Brennan make sound effects]

Brennan: Cool. Awesome. So you now have this new first level spell.

Adaine: Oh, what am I gonna make for you?

Ayda: [glibly] No pressure.

Adaine: No pressure?! Exciting amounts of pressure. I'm excited for this
pressure. [exclaims in excitement]

Brennan: Fig, you walk over to Gilear.

Fig: Gilear, do you want to continue in this, because I feel like you've died
a lot.

Brennan makes a pitiful expression, his mouth in a cartoonish straight line.

[chuckling]

Fig: Let’s talk about how you feel first.

Gilear: Several members of your party have dead parents. I am unique in the
distinction of having died the most times.

[giggling]

Fig: Yeah, unique and special.

Gilear: After-- It has occurred to me that in the forest of Sylvaire,
according to the Scrying done by Adaine, vehicles will not be able to travel
into the forest. There are no roads, there are no level ground of any kind. So
perhaps would be best if someone remained here to look after the vehicles.

Fig: Okay. Do you think you'll be safe here?

Gilear: It's a town with the people that protect it and I'll be in the house.
So, you know, as safe as I ever am.

Fig: Yeah. Cool.

Siobhan:  There's a hole in the wall now, so you might wanna...

Fig: Okay, so you're cool with this?

Gilear: Yes, Yes, I am.

Fig: [sincere] You're still doing an important job. And there's a lot of good
books in there. Hot tubs.

[pause]

Fig: [a little sad] Cool.

Ally: I come up,

Kristen: Oh, sorry, I hope this isn't too early. But you have been a rockstar
intern and we all got you this $10 gift card.

Fig: He’s not an intern! We promoted him.

Kristen: What?

Gilear: I'm actually an assistant now--

Fabian: What’s his title now? Oh, assistant.

Kristen: Oh, God, I’m sorry, rockstar assistant. And we did all pull together.
We got you this 10 gold piece gift card. It's for audio books. It's an online
audio book thing that you can get on your crystal. Because we really
appreciate you.

Fig: Which would be really nice, ‘cause you can listen to a book while you're
in the hot tub instead of getting your Kindle wet.

Gilear: Yes, that's true. I will have to get a new Kindle. My old one got
mistaken for a frisbee when I was doing some free yoga in the park.

Adaine: You have a round Kindle?

Fig: That’s—

Gilear: No. No, it's rectangular. Look—

Kristen: You brought your Kindle to yoga in the park?

Gilear: I thought I would lay down and read I was--

Fig: Make a day of it, I think that makes perfect sense.

Kristen: I get it, I get it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry, yeah.

Gilear: Um. Daughter, I will remain here.

Fig: Okay.

Gilear: If you need me, feel free to contact me. I can't imagine that anyone
will ever need me. But it would be—

Fig: I always need you. In fact, I'm really really sad about this. I wish you
could come.

Adaine: If I can take a little bit of your hair that I can Scry on you and we
can…

Fig: [whispering] He doesn’t have that much left.

[breathless laughing]

Gilear: So, can we do anything other than hair?

Adaine: Blood?

[players murmuring]

Adaine: I mean, I can take some of your blood, that seems a strange thing to
ask you though.

Fig: I think he’s got a couple open wounds.

Gilear: Let's do some blood. I, actually, you know what?

Brennan: He takes a little flap of his torn shirt, that's blood stained--

Brennan looks down toward the hem of his shirt, then holds his hand out to
Siobhan.

Fabian: Oh my god.

Adaine: Great.

Siobhan: I take out a little baggie from my, uh, my coat.

Brennan: He puts it in the baggie.

[heartwarming, tinkling piano music plays]

Gilear: I need you too.

Fig: Yeah.

Gilear: And um... I wanted to be helpful and I think I still might find a way
to be and maybe I'll find it here.

Brennan: He gives you a kiss on the cheek and walks back into Holly Hill.

Fabian: How’d he take it?

Fig: I don't know. I mean, he was very adult about it, but he's also an adult.
Y’know?

Kristen: Yeah, I'm sorry I came in way too hot with the little gift card--

Fabian: Did he like it? Did he cry? I thought he would cry.

Kristen: No, I thought maybe he would cry!

Fabian: I thought he was gonna cry for sure!

Murph: [giggling] The little gift card?

Fig: Kristen, everyone knows we're traveling with Adaine who has a 10 gold
piece Jacket of Usefulness.

Fabian: Yeah, we just kinda grabbed it out of it.

Kristen: That’s exactly where I got it out of.

Fig: It’s like repurposing a gift—

Gorgug: What do you get the guy who’s got it all?

Kristen: Exactly!

Adaine: Yeah, but it's not about the amount of money getting spent--

Fabian: He’s got a beret and a chambray shirt!

Adaine: We could've picked anything in the world and we picked something that
we thought would be thoughtful for him.

Kristen: Yes! I got him that card that said, “Gilear I need you” and on the
inside “to get me a cortado.” And then we put a 10 piece—

[laughing]

Fabian: That was hilarious.

Kristen: That was so funny.

Fabian: That was so funny.

Kristen: I thought that was so funny.

Fabian: It was like a great reference—

Kristen: I can wait for him to open it.

Fabian: Yes.

Adaine: It was a callback. To our--

Fig: I'm just always tryin’ to help him find his calling and I thought maybe
this would be his calling, but--

Kristen: He's died maybe nine times. So. [chuckles]

Fig: I know, I know, I didn't wanna let go. But once all every single one of
you-- What do you think Riz would have said if he was here? Do you think he
would have argued to keep Gilear?

Fabian: Of course he would have. Of course The Ball would have. The Ball loved
Gilear.

Gorgug: All I know, the only truth I know in this entire world is that the
Ball loved that Gilear was here.

[Murph and Emily laughing]

Gorgug: That’s all I know.

Kristen: Yeah.

Fabian: Because, remember all the times he encouraged us to bring Gilear
along?

[laughing]

Fabian: He would always put up a fight but he’d always bend, because he loved
having Gilear there.

Murph: Just a little angel—

Adaine: Even in a different universe from me.

Gorgug: Thou doth protest too much.

Adaine: I miss Riz, we have to get him back.

[heavenly music]

Brennan: Speaking of Riz, We cut back to the plane of Bytopia, your dad gets
you to fill out some consultant paperwork. And you see that he brings it over
to this dude. He comes over to a desk where you see a hound archon, which is
this sort of an angelic muscular dog-headed angel who looks over. You see he
smiles. He says,

Pok: Riz, this is our commander Fitz. Fitz this is Riz,

Brennan: And Fitz goes,

Fitz: [deeper voice, Midwestern accent] Hey, there's the kid, huh? Got your
dad in the old Avenged Dads Club. Way to go, buster.

Riz: Thanks. I tried to eat him, he got turned into a boat.

Fitz: Hey, you know what, it happens to the best of us. Listen, pal, we wanna
get you part-time working on the squad. You know, we don't make a lot of
concessions for Prime Materials, that's living mortals like yourself, but we'd
be happy to get you on… Your dad really vouched for you here and, way to go
cracking that case, pal. I mean, really.

Riz: Thanks. Yeah, I'd love to help in any way that I can.

Brennan: You see, says, well, he says,

Fitz: You know, we sent your old man here, down to the Nine Hells trying to
root around for Kalina. But this thing about her being a disease, that really
busted this thing wide open. So, we feel like our best shot is probably
getting you to do the rest of the legwork down there on the Prime Material.
Now, there are a lot of multiversal laws about when Celestials and Fiends
start messing with the mortal world and we can get in a lot of hot water by
going down there ourselves. But, now that we've got a mortal here, we feel
like maybe you're the guy for the job. That sound alright?

Riz: I'm definitely the guy for the job.

Brennan: You see your old man pats you on the back and he says,

Pok: That's right.

Brennan: You see that he says,

Fitz: All right, well, we're gonna start you out on-- We're gonna start out on
a stipend. We can either-- We can either give your paycheck to charities of
your choice, in Spyre, or we can keep it here in a trust fund, and turn it
into pure faith and good wishes. So, up to you.

[Lou chuckles]

Riz: Let’s do the faith and good wishes, that seems fun.

Fitz: Perfect that's great. So we'll put that into a reserve account. So we'll
get that set up.

Brennan: He types something on his little crystal screen. And he says,

Fitz: And we're gonna, because we can't send muscle with you, we're gonna have
to get you suited up. Let's get the kid down to Isosceles.

Siobhan: Ooh.

Lou: A triangle?

Brennan: You see that your dad opens up a pure white doorway of like gleaming
crystalline light, walks you through it into this gleaming white void. See
your dad looks up and says,

Pok: You're gonna love Isosceles.

Zac: Triangle?

Lou makes a triangle with the thumb and index fingers of both hands. Zac does
the same. Lou moves the triangle to the top of his forehead. Zac then makes
his index and middle fingers in V shapes and places them over his eyes.

Brennan: You see that this… You see this like, weird bizarre-- You know like
in the bible when they describe angels as being just like, completely inhuman
like fractal images that kind of can't be held by mortals.

Brennan moves his hands in front of him in triangular patterns.

Brennan: This [magical buzzing sounds] little thing appears it's like sort of
spinning fractal of energy and you see it says,

Isosceles: [high-pitched stuffy voice] [chuckles] Agent Gukgak, my goodness, I
thought you were deep undercover.

Brennan: And you see your dad says,

Pok: Well, you know what? Happens to the best of them. Looks like I’m back up
top for a spell. This is my son, Riz Gukgak.

Brennan: You see he says,

Isosceles: Oh, Mr. Gukgak. Hello, I'm Isosceles. Uh, what are we doing here?

Brennan: You see he says,

Pok: Well, my son is gonna be doing some covert espionage work for us in the
Prime Material and we're looking to get him decked out, make sure that he's
not going in less than fully loaded.

Brennan: You see Isosceles goes,

Isosceles: Aha!

Brennan: [magical buzzing] And these just shelves sort of like matrix style
shoot out of infinity and become covered with all these gleaming relics. And
you see that your dad starts walking you through and starts outfitting you
with a bunch of gear.

Lou: Okay. Okay, Riz!

Murph: Riz is so pumped.

Riz: [quietly] Yes, yes, yes.

Brennan: You see says,

Pok: Okay, take this first of all.

Brennan: Takes out a set of little like, dull gold bullets in a black clip.
You see there are like net bullets. There's like tranq darts. There's a
grappling gun, a fixture for your arquebus. You see that he takes you over.

Lou chuckles and puts his hands in the air in astonishment.

Brennan: He takes you over to it, says,

Pok: We're gonna give you the big three that we start our agents off with
here.

Lou: Big three?!

Pok: This is an Arcadian Watch.

Brennan: It just looks like a completely normal wristwatch, but it allows you
to potentially lockpick even magical locks. It gives you advantage on tool
checks to escape being bound, it has like a little saw that comes out of it.
And it also, there's a button on the side that allows you to shoot out a laser
that does 1d4 radiant damage.

Lou: That man’s got a laser?!

Brennan: A little laser—

Siobhan: I’ve never seen Murph happier.

Murph: Riz was welling up before, now he's crying.

[laughing]

Brennan: He says,

Isosceles: We're also gonna—

Brennan: You see that Isosceles moves over somewhere and says,

Isosceles: Let's get the kid decked out with a Seraphim Vest and a Gregori
Tie.

Brennan: You see that they give you a very, it's like a charcoal black front--
You know how a lot of vests will have like the silk gold back to them? It has
a little gold back. On the inside of the gold back, there's a faint outline of
wings. And you see that this can grant a temporary fly speed of 40, but
there's no ascending. So it's like a wingsuit, you can like descend gradually,
so there's no risk of falling damage ever again.

Lou: Wow. And he’s got a wingsuit?

Brennan: It's like a Batman cape, like you can just glide to where you need to
go to.

[Lou scoffs]

Brennan: And he gives you a Gregori Necktie. The necktie has a small clip in
it with a little like, celestial eye on it, that is hidden underneath the knot
of the tie. Your dad looks at you and says,

Pok: All you gotta do is adjust the tie, pull twice on the back part, and this
can record up to 20 minutes of footage. It gets audio and video. And depending
on how you activate it, you can activate it with a Detect Evil and Good effect
or a Detect Magic effect. You won't be able to watch until you can get back to
a viewing room and undo the tie. So, you’ll have to go review that footage,
can't do it in the moment.

Riz: [nodding] Right.

Pok: Cool?

Brennan: He gives you the Arcadian Watch, the Seraphim Vest, the Gregori
necktie. Says,

Pok: How you feeling Gukgak?

Riz: [shaking his head in shock] Amazing.

Brennan: He looks over at you and he says,

Pok: Alright, I think we better get you back to your friends, huh?

Riz: Yeah, but I'll be back soon. Not in a fully dead way but in a fun—

Pok: Exciting way.

Riz: Visit way.

[gentle, warm piano music, with some strings]

Brennan: You see he looks at you and says-- Walks out the door with you, once
again on the field. You see, he looks and says, looks over at Fitz and says,

Pok: Fitz, can we get a door open now, so we get it to this exact moment on
the Prime Material?

Brennan: And you see that Fitz nods and says,

Fitz: Yeah, we can do that.

Brennan: Opens up the door says,

Pok: We got it in the moment there. You want to go for a walk for a sec,
before we send you back?

Riz: Yeah.

Brennan: You and your dad go on a walk and he says,

Pok: I want you to tell me everything. I missed the last six years. You tend
to, you know when you come visit, when you come visit me at the cemetery. It's
the important stuff but, can I ask a favor?

Riz: Yeah.

Pok: The door's frozen in time now, we can get you back to your friends.
They're not waiting. Can you just tell me, uh… [choked up] Tell me all the
least important stuff.

Riz: Yeah.

Pok: I just want to, if I'd have been there, I would have seen all this stuff
that didn't matter. And that's the stuff I missed.

Riz: Yeah, I would love to tell you everything. I got a really cool briefcase,
I was trying to stuff you in it.

Pok: Love that!

Riz: Yeah, it's a cool briefcase. I got these business cards that I give out
to people and everyone thought it was really weird. And I thought—

Pok: The calligraphy’s beautiful, what--

Riz: I know, I thought that it would help me make friends but it didn't. But,
I made friends anyway.

Pok: You sure did. I like your friends, and you can tell them I said so.

Brennan: You and your dad walk. He just wants to hear all the minutiae and all
the little stuff of your life at the school. You finally get back to the door
after a long time talking. And he looks at you and says,

Pok: I am so proud of you kid. You know, there's only one thing that could
have made this better. Please give your mom all my love.

Riz: Of course.

Pok: [quiet] I think about her all the time.

Riz: She misses you too.

[soft, tinkling music]

Pok: [sighs] There's a day on the horizon where we all get to crack the same
case together. And I hope that day is as far away as possible.

Riz: I got to be honest, this is the best version of the afterlife I could
have ever imagined.

[laughing]

Brennan: He openly cries, he goes—

Riz: We're just gonna be badass goblin detectives.

Pok: That's the thing, I know your mom didn't tell you! She didn't get it.
We're goblin badasses!

Riz: Right, yeah.

Pok: The whole family’s badass!

Riz: Yeah! She was shooting out a dragon while I shot at the dragon, givin’ me
cover and stuff. And if you were there too, we could have got it for both
sides that one of us could have been like--

Murph holds up finger-guns at different angles around his head.

Pok: I know your mom didn't want you to walk down this path because she was
afraid of losing you. But, you're walking down this path and I know more than
anything in the world that it's everybody else who's gotta watch out for my
boy.

Riz: Thanks, Dad.

Pok: I love you, son.

Riz: Love you, Dad.

Brennan: Gives you a kiss, as you walk through the door. You see, the light
fills your eyes until it's just the dark of his suit and his hand raised,
[whooshing] fades away. And you guys see a mote of light in Arborly that fills
and [whoosh] the light grows and grows and Riz, fully healed, steps through.

Gorgug: [gasps] A little angel.

Adaine: [shocked] What?

[laughing]

[talking over each other]

Fig: None of us knew you were an angel! I mean we knew you were an angel,
but--

Adaine: He’s a watch guy now.

Kristen: What?!

Murph: I look really cool for a split second.

Fabian: Wait, what?

Adaine: He’s a vest and watch guy!

Riz: [shouting] I met my dad.

Fabian: What?!

Riz: I met my freaking dad.

Fabian: What?

Riz: I met my dad, he's super cool, he's in underco— uh.

Murph raises his index finger in front of him, pausing in consideration. He
furrows his brows suspiciously.

Riz: Mm.

Murph raises his eyebrows and lowers his finger.

[laughing]

Siobhan: I Message Riz!

Adaine: What is he?

Riz: [whispering] He’s an undercover angel.

Adaine: [whispering] That's so cool!

Riz: [whispering] I know!

Siobhan: I Message everybody.

Fabian: The van, now!

Adaine: The van!

Gorgug: Um, wow.

Fabian: Crazy!

Riz: How are you guys doing?

Adaine: Ooh my gosh.

Fabian: I just killed Gilear.

[Murph chuckles]

Riz: Is he okay?

Kristen: We got him back, we got him back--

Fabian: Of course we got him back.

Riz: You guys know how much I love Gilear.

Gorgug: That’s all I know.

Fabian: We knew! We talked about it.

Riz: I've a lot to fill you guys in on...

Fabian: Just glad you’re okay, The Ball. It was scary for a second.

Adaine: [quietly] Yeah, we were worried about you.

Gorgug: We tried to find you, we got your briefcase.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: Oh yeah, we have your briefcase.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Fig: We thought maybe you were dead.

Riz: That's awesome. Thanks guys.

Adaine: Yeah.

Riz: Yeah. If I could have, if I had any way to reach out I would’ve let you
guys know that I was okay but—

Adaine: What was heaven like?

Riz: It was awesome, there was like, outdoor working space.

[Brennan chuckles]

Fabian: What?

Kristen: What?

Riz: Yeah.

Fabian: It's like an office?

Adaine: People have to have jobs in heaven?

Fabian: What?

Fig: Isn’t it usually the point of outdoors is that you don't have to work
anymore?

Fabian: Yeah that's when you go to relax and leisure and those sorts of
things.

Riz: No no no no, but you go and you work on what you wanna work on—

Fabian: Which is—

Adaine: Oh! I do get that, I do get that.

Riz: Yeah, right.

Gorgug: Interesting.

Kristen: Oh…

Adaine: It’s like a--

Riz: Yeah, I did some part time work.

Kristen: Okay, yeah.

Fabian: Heaven sounds weird.

Gorgug: What would a park be?

Riz: A park?

Gorgug: In heaven.

Riz: There's just desks and stuff.

[chuckling]

Riz: Outdoor working space.

Adaine: Maybe you just saw what your heaven would be.

Fabian: I guess yeah, I hope that's just one heaven. I hope there are other
heavens—

Riz: Honestly, that's the only one I saw.

Gorgug: Seems fine. Yeah, it seems fine.

[laughing]

Murph: Everyone’s so scared of dying now.

Siobhan: [to Zac] You’re going to weird orc hell.

Gorgug: Riz, I tried to improve your briefcase, but I— We didn't have enough
time.

[laughing]

Gorgug: So I just wrapped some tin foil on the end.

Riz: Wow. You broke it a little bit. Thanks Gorgug.

Gorgug: It’s a little different.

Riz: Thanks guys.

Gorgug: It didn’t do anything.

Riz: My dad, uh. My dad says he really likes you guys.

Fabian: What?

Kristen: Oh wow.

Fabian: I'm flattered.

Adaine: That's so nice.

Riz: And I really like you guys, too, so.

Adaine: Aw. We really like you too.

Fig: We really like you.

Kristen: We got to talk to Kalvaxus a little bit.

Riz: Yeah?

Kristen: Or, uh, Goldenrod and learned a little bit too. Yeah.

Fig: Speaking of which, does anyone else think it's weird that Aguefort like,
gave us the money? Didn’t he tell us to spend it?

Gorgug: Well, we got it because we won right?

Fabian: Yes.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: But if it was like potentially cursed—

Adaine: He did warn us about dragon madness.

Fabian: Dragon madness.

Fig: Oh, he warned us. Okay.

Gorgug: But Kalvaxus--

Adaine: And then he spent 20 minutes talking about rock angels and that fully—

Fabian: Never, yeah of course not.

Gorgug: What happened with th-- Anyways, when we were talking to Goldenrod he
was talking about the coin being added to the hoard. Do you think, this is
just my guess, that coin infected all the other coins?

Adaine: I think so, yeah.

Fig: Yeah I think it did. I think by entering the stock market, it infected
everything it touched.

Gorgug: Should we just give away our money?

Murph: I think I wanna, through like a series of--

Adaine: But I think we've already spent it, so it doesn't matter anymore.

Murph: Through a series of Messages I just wanna fill you guys in on like the
nonpersonal stuff. Specifically, I guess that my dad might have found her as
like, some kind of like, potion or something.

Adaine: Oh. So, it’s not a [quiet] sex thing.

Riz: And then she also set—

Fig: She's a familiar.

Riz: It’s not always a sex thing.

Adaine: Oh, okay.

Riz: And then the other thing was that she is the one who set him up to get
killed by Kalvaxus.

Gorgug: So, you said—

Adaine: Well, that's not surprising.

Zac: You filled us in on everything right?

Murph: Yeah.

Gorgug: See, your dad said something about, like someone from the Third Ring
introduced him to her?

Riz: [drawn out] Yeah.

Adaine: What is the Third Ring?

Gorgug: Who was that?

Kristen: Do we know who it was, yeah.

Gorgug: Who introduced him then? Unless maybe that's not--

Siobhan: Do I know anything about the Third Ring? They’re from Fallinel right?
I mean, my dad was an ambassador.

Brennan: Yeah, your parents would have interacted with them. I mean, what it
sounds like to you is that Kalina was introduced into elven society a couple
hundred years ago by Landrin Lier. And that-- That there's like, if they
didn't fully eradicate her, she would've been able to repopulate and respread.
And that like, especially if, because Landrin joined the Third Ring was in the
Court of Stars that like, high-ranking elves may have been the most likely to
have her like lurking. And she doesn't have to appear to people, so people
can—

Siobhan: Right, she can just stay undercover.

Brennan: Stay undercover as long as she wants.

Siobhan: Sneaky.

Brennan: So, in other words, your mom or Aelwyn having come into contact with
her is not shocking.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: You know, like, you guys ran in all the circles that specifically
would have been the most targeted by this. It sounds like maybe Pok coming
into contact with her would have been the anomaly. Like, the Abernants having
contact with Kalina makes kind of the most sense.

Siobhan: Mhm. It's like a secret society thing?

Brennan: Yeah, maybe.

Riz: And then also, another important thing.

Murph: Again, saying this through like, Messages,

Riz: Is that my dad specifically mentioned that after the picture was taken of
her, it seemed like it took, sapped some of her power—

Adaine: Oh!

Fig: Then let’s make a bunch of copies of the picture.

Fabian: Or we get a camera.

Adaine: Or, yeah, I mean, we all have our crystals next time either of you see
her—

Fig: My crystal doesn’t have—

Zac: Can I go to the--

Kristen: Oh, I have a—

Adaine: Oh, yes.

Zac: [pointing to Ally] Oh, go for it.

Ally: I have that photo of the--

Ally waves their hand in front of them, referencing the mural of the goddess
they took a picture of.

Lou: Of the photo?

Emily: Of the mural?

Brennan: The goddess?

Ally: Of the goddess yeah. Do I think that that is taking any power away from
her? Can I do like a Religion check?

Brennan: Do a Religion check. Anyone that wants to can make either like an
Arcana check-- I would also let Gorgug make a tinker’s tool check.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: [quietly] Oh, yeah.

Siobhan: Uh, I got a 25.

Ally: 22.

Lou: I got a 12.

Zac: (laughs) 7.

Brennan: [pointing] 7. You got a 25?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: I'm actually also gonna say Gorgug, make that with advantage. And
then, because there's enough people who would like, help you guys that you
should make these all with, with advantage.

Lou: Yeah, yeah, I won’t make my roll--

Siobhan: Oh, well, if we’re rolling with advantage--

Zac: 15.

Brennan: 15.

Siobhan: Ooh that's a nat 1. So I got a 25.

Brennan: 25--

Ally: 22.

Brennan: [pointing] Religion check. So, you're rolling Arcana right?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: First thing you think of with Arcana is, you realize if this is--
With the bypassing of Detect Magic by being a disease, what that means is that
the disease that is infecting someone has to cast magic all the time. When
Pok’s like “She couldn't do stuff anymore,” what you think is, Kalina is
incredibly powerful, like a global illusion that can spread to people and do
all this stuff is crazy. You know that she's able to create illusory effects
because of what she did with Ragh and the cell phone call on Leviathan, right?

Siobhan: Mhm.

Brennan: But, making an effect that anyone who ever looks at a photo of her
automatically sees her, is something [taps his temple] she has to do ambiently
every sin— to every single person that has her in their body whenever they do
it. That is a static global effect. And just like the pylons in Fallinel,
doing an effect that is permanent and static takes a tremendous amount of
power.

Siobhan: So why is she choosing to do this? Or is she not choosing to do it?

Brennan: It might just be that it's a blowing cover thing. If someone takes a
photo of her and then can't see her in the photo that raises alarms, even
though-- like there's no way for her to cast the illusion necessarily on
someone that she's not in their bloodstream.

Siobhan: Oh.

Brennan: So it's like, okay, if someone sees the photo that like-- You know,
the exact thing that happened with Riz, Riz eventually cracked it through a
photo that couldn't be seen, like, the sun damage-- So like, there was a hole
in her plan, but she just kind of had to hope for the best.

Siobhan: Ooh, so maybe if Gorgug takes a picture and then texts it to
everyone.

Emily: That's what I’m saying! Make a wanted, a wanted photo.

Brennan: So here's, here's what it is. With the Religion check, you think the
mural is not a depiction of Kalina as is. It's about her-- This is about her
spellcasting. But, what you think that Religion check is, you know the four
transubstantiations that were done by the goddess. You think that these curses
might be self reinforcing because they were united by this great
transubstantiation. So, the more that Goldenhoard wealth spreads, and that
dragon curse-- It also makes sense to you. Kalvaxus said the gold allowed
people to cast spells, the coin was the goddess’ spellbook. Right? The
familiar is the plague, but they're all kind of curses. The spell book turns
into a curse with the dragon madness. Kalina turned into a curse that was a
plague. You know that the cottage, or whatever it was, turned into like, a
static curse-- The sanctum turned into a static curse. You think that all
these curses, these four curses might overlap and take the position of like,
big global curses, right? That they might be self-- not self reinforcing, but
have synthesis between them. Right?

Siobhan: Like a mycelial web?

Brennan: Yes, that they're reinforcing each other.

Ally: So then who was that woman--

Zac: [smartly] Your classic mycelial web.

[laughing]

Brennan: Gorgug, with that 15 went because Adaine posits that to you, you
realize technologically, the way to take the most pictures of Kalina would be
to take video of her and that the way to-- and that like, honestly like
broadcasting video of her to as many people as possible-- Obviously people
that don't have her in their bloodstream won’t able to see her, but if there
was a way to broadcast video of her it would weaken her the most if it caught
some people that were capable of seeing her.

Zac: Hm.

Murph: I convey over Message that I have a way to record her.

Gorgug: That's absolutely sick.

Fabian: What, okay.

Adaine: How?

Kristen: So--

Riz: I don't want it to slip. So, maybe—

Gorgug: Okay.

Adaine: Okay.

Riz: I have it on my person.

Gorgug: Okay, whatever-- I, um. Do we think that the money that we have is
actively endangering us?

Adaine: I think yes, but I think it's the action of spending the money that
gives us the curse, which we've already done.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Maybe we shouldn't spend any more money, but I don't—

Fabian: That sounds right.

Riz: I feel like it's already spread, right?

Adaine: Yeah, I mean, I don't know if the curse sort of peters out if we
stopped spending the money or whether we just have it?

Zac: As an experiment Gorgug is gonna go to the Tinker's Hall. And just
whenever--

Tinkerer: Hello there!

Gorgug: Hi. Just for no reason, here's... 25,000 gold.

[players laugh raucously]

Tinkerer: [shouting] Wow! We’ll make so many repairs!

Siobhan: How do you have 25,000 gold?

Ally: But now they’re gonna spend it!

Zac: But they don't know what it’s for! You have to know what, that it's
dragon hoard--

Brennan: That is correct, Gorgug has remembered this. Dragon Madness spreads
when people are aware that the gold comes from a dragon's hoard. So in other
words, giving a huge chunk of wealth with no strings attached and no mention
of it won't spread it. The money that Kristen gave to her brothers at the
start of the campaign would have just appeared, there'd be no knowledge of it.
But anyone that like, knew where the money was coming from, that's how the
curse would spread.

Ally: Wow. Cool.

Siobhan: Very cool.

Gorgug: So this is just I found this and it seems like it's yours. I think
it's--

Tinkerer: Well this is gonna change absolutely everything.

Gorgug: Oh, awesome--

Tinkerer: Absolutely everything!

Gorgug: You don't have just like a little camera anywhere?

Tinkerer: There's one in your crystal.

Gorgug: Oh, great. Okay, cool, nevermind. [chuckles]

Tinkerer: [screaming]

Brennan: Uh incredible.

Zac: Just, jump and click my heels and walk into the sunset.

Brennan: Cool.

Fabian: Well Gorgug, do you feel different now that you have no money?

Gorgug: I don't know, I feel pretty similar. I don't have to carry that much
gold around.

Fabian: Great. So everyone, we can keep our money? Nobody's gonna ask us to
give money away anymore?

Adaine: I mean most of my money is still in Solace so I can't give it away.

Kristen: You guys, I have a crazy idea.

Fig: Yeah?

Kristen: I think we should have another seafood party.

Fabian: Okay.

Kristen: And I think that we should film all of it and start gaining a
following online.

[Lou chuckles]

Kristen: And then, eventually we start seeping in videos that we try to take
of Kalina.

Riz: I see what you’re saying.

[crosstalk]

Adaine: I see what you mean.

Fig: Go viral so then we have an audience to expose Kalina.

Kristen: We go viral with the seafood, with the big seafood idea.

Adaine: We’re the virus now!

Fig: I certainly agree with you that the seafood is the best way to go viral.

Kristen: [chuckles] Yes.

Fabian: I mean, if you—

Adaine: Yes. I mean—

Kristen: To think of anything eye catching, it’s me on a shrimp slip n’ slide—

Fabian: #I’mALittleShrimp will trend.

Adaine: #WhoIsTheCrabKing?

Fabian: Exactly.

Kristen: Crab king.

Gorgug: [gesturing to Riz] The crab king.

Fabian: Crab king’s back.

Adaine: The crab king is back.

The players cross their arms under their chins and wiggle their fingers while
swaying back and forth in sync, imitating a crab.

[chuckling]

Ally: I go and give all my money to the Tinkerer’s Hall. [chuckling]

Lou: What!

[laughing]

Fabian: Who's going to, oh I don’t know, buy all the diamonds?

Kristen: I still have a bunch of diamonds!

Brennan: You guys have-- I will point something out by the way. You guys
didn't convert all your money to gold, so you're giving away the gold you have
on you, in other words?

Zac: Okay.

[various “yeah”s]

Lou: Do we each get 25,000?

Brennan: You each got 20,000.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Lou: So the amount of gold I have is the amount of gold I have.

Fig: But Gorgug has been touring so he has extra money.

Fabian: Oh, of course.

Gorgug: Yeah. Kinda a couple of what? Probably another... 300 grand?

[laughing]

Fabian: 300 grand?

Brennan: Cool, that night. By the way, I don't wanna gloss over any of it, but
do you guys have a shrimp party that night-- another crustacean party?

Zac: You can’t gloss over the shrimp party.

Kristen: You guys are thinking about it, right?

Fabian: I think we should-- I mean our little angel returned to us.

[Murph laughs]

Fabian: We’re now hanging out with—

Kristen: Yeah, a short-- we still get a full night’s rest.

Fabian: We have a lot to celebrate.

Adaine: And I found three new jars of horseradish. So I think it’s time.

[players whooping]

Lou: I’m getting some shrimp.

Zac: So, where's the rest of my money? Is it at a bank still?

Brennan: Yeah it's in a bank account.

Zac: Alright, I'm gonna call the bank.

[chuckling]

Brennan: Okay, you call the bank.

Zac holds his hand up to his ear, as if having a phone call.

Gorgug: Hello? Is this the bank?

Brennan: You also just have an app.

Gorgug: Oh, right.

Zac brings his hand down from his ear and mimes scrolling through a phone.

[laughing]

Adaine: [leaning over to Gorgug ] Are you still there on the phone?

Fabian: Where do you take, where are you sending it to?

Zac quickly brings the phone up to his ear.

Gorgug: I gotta go.

He drops it back down, tapping to hang up.

Riz: Are you calling the bank at a shrimp party?

Zac: I'm going to—

Brennan: This is the first online banking session in a game of D&D that
there’s ever been.

Adaine: You can’t call the bank. Absolute party foul.

Kristen: You're going online at a shrimp party?

Gorgug: I'm gonna liquidate.

[laughing]

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Zac: Just give it to-- Is there a give to charity option?

Brennan: Yeah, you can literally go and-- Yeah you can give—

Zac: I do that.

Kristen: What kind of charity?

Fig: I guess I'll go on and do the same.

Gorgug: Probably—

Fabian: What! What is everyone doing? Has everyone lost their minds?

Kristen: What kinda charity, Gorgug?

Gorgug: Computers for…

[chuckling]

Gorgug: Retired people.

[laughing]

Kristen: What?! Retired people have a 401k!

Brennan: Question, are you actually giving all your money away?

Zac: I am.

Brennan: Cool.

Fig: I think I'm doing the same.

Brennan: Fig does the same.

Lou: People are wild.

Riz: I'm gonna do the same.

Fabian: [flabbergasted] What the fuck is happening--

Kristen: Okay, we do need enough diamonds to Revivify.

Fabian: Exactly.

Fig: Actually mine will be computers for infants.

Brennan: Great. Computers for infants.

Emily: So we get both sides.

Brennan: [points to Ally] You keep the diamonds for Revivify.

Brennan gestures towards Lou.

Lou: Of course I keep my money!

[chuckling]

Brennan points to Siobhan.

Siobhan: I have to keep my m— I don't have parents!

Gorgug: Retirement aged people, not people who have accrued the amount of
wealth to retire.

Kristen: Oh, okay, okay, okay.

Brennan: Cool, great so you guys do that. And then you do--

Fabian: [sadly] Who's going to buy all the shrimp?

Brennan: And then you have your shrimp party later that night?

[laughing]

Ally: I mean it’s a little bit less flashy now that we don't have any money.

[chuckling]

Ally: There are just a few shrimp around.

Gorgug: I'm gonna go look for some shrimp.

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: This house is full of shrimp though, right?

Brennan: Cool. So I'm gonna point this out now. I'm gonna need a-- As you guys
are giving your-- giving your vast sums of wealth away.

Murph: [chuckling] What an insane thing.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a... I'm gonna say make a pers...You guys doing
this like, live streamed shrimp party?

Lou: Oh, hell yes!

Fabian: What's up, I'm Fabian Seacaster and welcome to Shrimp Party!

Kristen: Shrimp! [air horn sound effects]

[players cheering]

Murph and Lou repeat the swaying crab gesture.

Brennan: I’m gonna need a group-- I’m gonna need a group Persuasion check.

[laughing]

Lou: Can I make an Intimidation check?

Ally: Meanwhile, three people are online banking?

Brennan: Yes.

Ally: This is a Persuasion to make—

[giggles]

Brennan: This is - I could not have predicted that the session would go here.
I have no ability—

Murph: Little beans!

Murph rolls his dice on the map in front of the players.

Murph: Oh, hell yeah.

Lou: 14.

Murph: That's 23 total for Riz.

Emily: I got a 27.

Siobhan: I got an 11.

Brennan: Okay, we’re going around 27. What did Gorgug get?

Zac: 8.

Siobhan: 11.

Zac: What is this for?

Lou: Can I do Intimidation?

Ally: To go viral.

Siobhan: To go viral.

Lou: Would you let me Intimidate?

Brennan: No.

Lou: Okay, great. Then that'll be 12.

Ally: 11.

Brennan: Plus 11, what does Riz get?

Murph: 23.

Ally: Oh!

Lou: Wow. The Ball is the crab king, of course .

Murph: Well Fig got-- what, you got a 27?

Emily: 27.

Lou: Well, of course.

Brennan: Okay so you guys-- I’m actually gonna say everyone roll one more time
so do this with advantage.

Lou: Great.

Ally: Okay.

Murph: I think we're boiling shrimp in the hot tub and eating the shrimp—

Emily: I actually got a 31.

[Murph laughs]

Brennan: 31.

Zac: Back at 8.

Siobhan: 6.

Murph: Little beans! [rolls again]

Lou: 12 is what—

Ally: 21.

Brennan: 21.

Murph: Let's stick with the 23.

Brennan: Cool, you guys start livestreaming your shrimp party.

Lou: I'll film.

[laughing]

Brennan: [to Emily] You’re getting panicked emails from Lola Embers saying, “I
just got a call from the business manager, that you've given away all your
money. What is the shrimp party? You're using Fig and the Cig Figs—”

Adaine: Wait why did you give all of your money away? Why didn’t you just give
your dragon hoard money away?

Gorgug: It affects your hoard.

[crosstalk]

Brennan: So you're like retweeted all this-- You see, there's like you're
doing Fantasy Twitter and all this stuff. Because-- and you see that people
are writing articles that are like, they're like “Figueroth Faeth and Gorgug
Thistlespring of Fig and the Cig Figs give away all of their wealth in the
midst of a shrimp party.”

[laughing]

Brennan: It goes super viral.

Lou: Wow.

Kristen: Hey check in this time every week, because we're gonna be doing a
shrimp party in all new terrain!

[chuckles]

Brennan: I assume - is there any Bad Kid that doesn't have a social media
presence?

Siobhan immediately raises her hand.

Brennan: Adaine you have no social media presence?

Murph: I think I have a really weird one where I like retweet news articles—

[players laugh]

Ally: And every time a girl posts a photo—

Brennan: It’s like the Riz Gukgak Detective Agency? So it’s like a business
one?

Murph: Yeah it has like two followers.

Brennan: You surge to 43 followers.

[cheers]

Lou: Whoo! Okay, The Ball!

Emily: Even though I am a public figure, I actually am private.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Zac: But you run the like, Hangvan’s Twitter?

Emily: Yeah, I run the-- yeah.

Ally: You ghost write—

[laughing]

Brennan: You guys, I don't know say this but the charity shrimp party goes
super viral.

Zac: You don't know how to say it, you said it perfectly.

Lou: Yeah you just said it.

Siobhan: It sounds exactly like what we just did.

Lou: You said it.

Brennan: You see after the party dies down Sandra Lynn goes,

Sandra Lynn: So guys, we're gonna head to the Forest of the Nightmare King to
get this crown back. Uh..

[giggling]

Kristen: What’s your point?

Fig: I, don't worry mom, I'm private.

Fabian: Yeah.

Brennan discreetly rolls a dice and looks to the side for the result.

Brennan: So--

Siobhan: What was that roll for?

Brennan: She says,

Sandra Lynn: Are we gonna rest tonight and head out in the morning?

Kristen: Yeah.

Adaine: Yes.

[crosstalk]

Fabian: We had a big shrimp party and now--

Gorgug: I'm all full of shrimp.

Brennan: You guys long rest.

Adaine: If we’re going— we're going in tomorrow to the [mumbles] nightmare, so
I want to bring Boggy back. But, I feel like the Forest of the Nightmare King,
maybe a frog— I just want to protect him after him disappearing. So, I think I
want to bring him back as an owl called Bogowlriel Frogowlriel.

[chuckling]

[Brennan claps]

Lou: Just as round?

Zac: How is that-- Bog-owl-riel.

Siobhan: [nodding] Bog-owl-riel.

Brennan: Bogowlriel Frogowlriel.

Ally: So it’s kind of a froggy owl.

Siobhan holds her hands in a spherical shape in front of her.

Siobhan: The roundest owl you've ever seen.

Brennan: A perfectly spherical owl with s-- it’s m-- it’s 75% eyes. It’s just
[owl hooting].

Fig: I don't know if this is-- I don't know if it's fake. But I saw online
that owls have really long legs.

Zac shuts his eyes and smiles widely, shaking with silent laughter, before
bowing his head.

Adaine: Yes they do. They do.

Kristen: Wait, wait—

[laughing]

Fabian: I can't tell if this is real.

Adaine: They’re like this. No it’s actually true.

Siobhan places one hand on top of the other before raising and lowering it a
few times, indicating the difference between owls’ main body mass and their
legs. This is a true fact, and can be seen
[here](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://blog.therainforestsite.greatergood.com/owls-
have-skinny-
legs/&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650559846964&usg=AOvVaw2QScF7rfkaxVfa4UjzKrDI).

Riz: I actually retweeted an article about it.

Fabian: Oh, okay.

Kristen: [shocked and confused] I, wait--

Ally puts their head in their hands.

[laughing]

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: I take Boggy and lift up his feathers and you see his extremely long
legs.

Gorgug: Oh my god.

Fabian: Creepy.

Siobhan: It’s just eyes and legs and that's it.

Brennan: You bring Boggy back. The next morning you guys go to the briar wall
at the edge of Arborly. As you do so—

Siobhan: Oh!

Siobhan rolls her portent dice.

Brennan: Gilear sees you off at the borders of the forest. The Hangvan is
staying behind the hang-- Tracker looks at you and says,

Tracker: I'll go back to doing the Moon Havens. The van just won't be able to
travel through the forest.

Gorgug: I forgot if we-- do we want to bring the gem with us?

Fabian: The gem?

Adaine: I mean, maybe.

Gorgug: Of the Hangvan.

Kristen: The gem.

Fabian: Oh, the gem.

Gorgug: The celestial—

Fabian: That could be cool.

Fig: I could probably shatter it out of whatever it's been shoved in.

Kristen: Well, let’s not shatter it, but--

Adaine: It’s a sapphire, not a ruby.

Fig: [croaking voice] I'm powerless to it!

[chuckling]

Gorgug: Well I'll defer, I don't know I really--

Ally: I think we should, yeah, let's do it.

Adaine: If there’s no harm--

Gorgug: Do you wanna bring it?

Fabian: Yeah.

Gorgug: Alright cool.

Kristen: Yeah, when we go back to the van maybe I'll get my weird painting
that I stole-- from the ship and few art supplies.

[laughing]

Brennan: Okay cool.

Fig: Maybe we could put the gem into--

Brennan: [mildly frustrated] All this happens and then something else happens
which is this, you guys—

Fig: Should we try to put the gem into Baby?

[chuckling]

Adaine: [vigorously shaking her head] No.

Fabian: No! I’m gonna say no.

Gorgug: I don't want to.

Brennan: All of this just has to stop.

[laughing]

Brennan: You guys go to Arborly and move through. You see that, you take the
gem out of the van. Wretchrot is still with you, Baby’s still here as well. As
you move through this place, Fabian, you have to make a decision. Which is,
the Hangman. Which is, the Hangman, depending on the terrain, the Hangman can
maybe come with you through, for a short portion, but if you get into that
insane like subterranean tree area, the Hangman won’t be able to travel
through there. What is the call Fabian wants to make?

Fabian: [softly] Hangman.

Hangman: Sire?

Fabian: You're too important to me to bring you into the forest. You belong in
long expanses of land where you can run wild and do your thing and it's just
gonna be too tight in there.

Hangman: I shall remain and prevent the one known as Gilear from dying.

Fabian: Protect him. He is the chosen one. And he will chart the destiny of
the known world.

[laughing]

Zac: I just wanna tell them that like,

Gorgug: I guess we could just see if the Tinkerers will watch them.

Fabian: Oh, yeah, well, you have--

Hangman: Oh, we’ll go talk to the Tinkerers.

Fabian: We gave them like a ton of gold so they should be--

Hangman: I’ll take care of it.

Fabian: You know, yeah.

[chuckling]

Fabian: [suddenly] I love you!

Hangman: I love you.

Fabian: Ugh, that felt weird.

[laughing]

Brennan: So the six of you-- the six of you, Sandra Lynn, Baxter, Ragh,
Tracker, Ayda and Wretchrot—

Lou: [quietly] Squad!

Brennan: Enter along with the familiars which are Bogowlriel, G.A.F., and
Baby. You guys enter—

Fabian: Ayda’s coming with us?

Brennan: You see that Ayda gets to the—

Fig: Is that a problem?

Fabian: No!

Adaine: No.

Fabian: She’s dope as hell.

Brennan: Ayda looks and says,

Ayda: You asked me to stay, I will stay.

Fig: Yeah, I mean unless you don't wanna stay. In which case, that's also
totally fine.

Brennan: She looks and says—

Adaine: [suddenly] Ayda please come.

Ayda: Okay, I'll come, I'll do it.

Siobhan has an intense look on her face. She then breaks into a wide smile and
sticks her tongue out a tiny bit.

Brennan: You arrive at the briar wall—

Fig: [standoffish] Why’d you jump in on that, huh?

Adaine: Because she's my friend!

Fig: I know but it’s like, I was kinda having a thing you know? You know, just
kinda like-- [clears throat]

Adaine: You don't own her, I can be friends with her.

Fig: No, I'm just saying, like, I was trying to freaking flirt!

Ayda: [suddenly] This is upsetting me please stop. [pause] Thank you.

Brennan: You see that you arrive at the briar wall. As you approach, Fig, the
emblem that is normally not even present burns into existence on your
forehead, and you feel the ability to open a passageway for your friends into
Sylvaire.

Emily holds her arms out in front of her, spreading them in an imitation of
magical fire powers.

Fabian: Very cool.

Brennan: [fire whooshing] You guys move through the burning doorway in the
thorns. As you move through, you arrive on the other side of the briar wall.

[players sigh]

[twinging, dark music fades in]

Brennan: Endless, twisted, dark forest. Barely any light appears from the
canopy. You walk through. As you do so, you feel the malevolence of this
forest. [musical sting] As you begin to walk further into the forest, and you
get about, you know 40 or 50 feet away from the briar wall, Fig as you leave
the sort of nearness of the wall you see that the burning door [whooshes]
closes back up. And you guys are in the Forest of the Nightmare King. What do
you guys do as you enter?

Gorgug: Anybody have a compass or anything?

Adaine: Oh, our library cards are compasses.

Gorgug: Great.

Kristen: Do we have some sort of find— Locate Person or do we have an idea—

Adaine: Um, I can Scry?

Brennan: Also, you guys will recall that you guys had th— You can make the
tincture with the different things that are here—

Siobhan: Oh, right.

Brennan: To remove Kalina.

Zac: Oh. Can we make Survival checks?

Ally: Cool, so can we start looking for some of those, yeah.

Brennan: Um, sure. Here's the deal. You see the three ingredients you need,
actually, anyone that can make a Nature check make a Nature check first.

Siobhan: Can Sandra Lynn also make a Nature check?

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: Can I make a Survival check?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn just got a nat 20.

[cheering]

Brennan: Sandra Lynn looks and says,

Sandra Lynn: Okay the three things that you need for-- everything else Adaine
can get out of her jacket. We need star moth chrysalis. That's gonna be
growing up in the canopy. We need Harrowgray nectar. That will be in deep
foliage, vines, ferns, things like that. And then we also need Lungreed
pollen. That's gonna be near water, usually stagnant water.

Brennan: You see that she [licks] puts up a finger says,

Sandra Lynn: [pointing] Stagnant water’s that way. We can also, there should
be some deep foliage over here, and the star moth chrysalis just someone needs
to go up and get that.

Fabian: I'll do it!

Lou puts his arms above his head and pulls down as if climbing. He makes a
“hup, ha” noise as he does.

Gorgug: I will go with Fabian.

Fabian: Come on, Gorgug.

Lou repeats the motion and sound effect.

Adaine: Oh, you’re just climbing? I can cast Fly on you.

Kristen: Can you Scry while we--

[pause]

Adaine: Or you can climb! I just-- you can climb!

Gorgug: I just didn’t wanna-- I just don't wanna waste any spells yet.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah.

Adaine: No, you’re right. Why don’t you climb. Uh, I can send Boggy up with
you.

Gorgug: Cool.

Fabian: Yes. We'd love to have [stuttering] Fr-owl-ariel. Bog-owlriel.

[Siobhan chuckling]

Brennan: Cool. So you two guys are going on canopy duty. Who's going on
stagnant water duty, who's going on the deep foliage duty?

[crosstalk]

Zac: Pretty split up—

Murph: Stagnant water duty, that sounds like a job for Riz Gukgak.

Adaine: I'll do deep foliage because I have darkvision?

Brennan: Cool.

Fig: Oh I have darkvision as well, I can do that.

Riz: Okay so let me and, um, Kristen’ll go--

Ally nods.

Fabian: Will you guys take Ragh or, Ragh or Tracker?

Kristen: Yeah, we’ll take both of them.

Riz: We'll take, I guess let's split up evenly just in case anything bad
happens. We can take Tracker and these--

Brennan: Um yeah, Sandra Lynn is going to go with Fig and Adaine.

Murph: Okay cool.

Siobhan: Great.

Zac: They have Ayda as well.

Murph: Oh great.

Brennan: Ayda is actually gonna-- yeah, Ayda I think will go with Fig and
Adaine as well and then Ragh is gonna go up into the canopy, canopy with the
rest of the boys.

Fabian: [softly, to Gorgug] Hoot growl.

Gorgug: Hoot growl.

Fabian: Hoot growl.

Brennan: Hoot growl squad’s going up there with Boggy.

Both Lou and Zac make climbing motions and accompanying sounds of effort.

Gorgug: I’ve done so many pull-ups in the last 24 hours.

Fabian: Exactly. My back is feeling absolutely jacked.

Gorgug: You're looking shredded.

Fabian: [touched] Ah, you're also looking shredded.

Lou and Zac flex their arms.

Brennan: Cool. We’re gonna start with the canopy squad. Both of you guys give
me Survival checks.

Zac: I’ve been rolling like trash. 9.

Fabian: Uh, Survival?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: 13.

Brennan: 13\. [points to Zac]

Zac: 9.

Brennan: 9\. You guys keep looking. Ragh’s--

Zac: Can Bogowlriel give me advantage?

Brennan: Sure, sure sure sure.

Zac chucks his dice into the tray. It clunks heavily. Zac shakes his head.

Zac: Worse.

Brennan: You guys are having a hard time finding any. You see that Ragh goes,

Ragh: Hmm. Damn, having a hard time finding stuff up here.

Brennan: You guys continue to search for it. Both of you guys make Perception
checks with disadvantage for me.

Lou: Uh, can I look to Gorgug and say,

Fabian: [heartfelt] I believe in you, spring break.

Gorgug: [touched, warm] Oh, thank you.

Lou: I'll give you 1d6 Bardic Inspiration.

[rolling]

Lou: Oh, Perception checks.

Brennan: Disadvantage.

Lou: 15.

Brennan: 15.

Zac: I rolled a 3 and on this d6 a 1 so four. Wait oh, Perception. So 9.

Brennan: That's a 9, cool. You see--

[haunting, ominous piano music plays]

Siobhan: Mmh, it’s the bad music.

Brennan: You guys that are going off into the deep foliage, head off into the
deep foliage looking for it. You see Sandra Lynn looks up a tree a little bit
and goes,

Sandra Lynn: [tsk] I think it might be a little bit higher.

Brennan: She's gonna make a Survival check herself. Oh, you see she goes,

Sandra Lynn: Aha!

Brennan: Jumps up on Baxter. You see she flies up over the tree to where some,
she thinks some is going to be. And then Riz, Kristen and Tracker are all
traveling. Who's got the celestial in the gem?

Siobhan: [quiet] I would imagine Gorgug--

Zac: I mean I took it out of the van maybe I have it, yeah.

Brennan: Cool you and Fabian both see that the gem goes [magical zapping]. You
see an image of a cobweb-filled horrifying cottage, an old ancient witch’s hut
in the gem, you hear a voice go,

Hangvan: [panicked] O-oh not chill, not chill, not chill!

Brennan: And the gem loses all of its glow.

Fabian: Gorgug! What's happening?

Gorgug: I think it, it feels like a witch… did something?

[chuckling]

Lou: I draw my blade?

Gorgug: Let's get down.

Brennan: Neither of you guys can see Ragh.

Gorgug: Ragh!

Fabian: Ragh.

Gorgug: Ragh!

Fabian: Ragh!

Gorgug: [worried] Spring break, Ragh!

Fabian: Crab King? Where's my Crab King?

Brennan: [to Emily] You hear Baxter flap off into the forest and quickly the
noise fades and you don't hear Sandra Lynn anymore. You don't hear Baxter.

Fig: I guess I'm gonna go, my spells are not suited to this kind of stuff. You
guys are--

Brennan: Ayda looks and says,

Ayda: I can fly after her, I--

Brennan jerks and twitches a bit, grabbing at his chest.

Fig: What's wrong? What's going on? Are you okay?!

Ayda: [scared] I’m-- Why are we in a house? Is this normal?

Fig: What? We are not in a house, we’re outside.

Adaine: No, we’re not in a house.

Ayda: Is this normal?

Brennan: [magical buzzing and zapping] Vanishes.

Fig: What the actual fuck just happened? Where did she go? I have her feather!
Um!

Emily holds her hand in front of her as if gripping Ayda’s feather. She looks
around, panicked and shocked.

Brennan: [pointing to Murph and Ally] You and you are over near some stagnant
water. You both look in. You, and Tracker, look in. And in the reflection the
water Kalina looks back up at you.

Ally: [smugly] I take out my crystal.

Kristen: Bitch.

Kalina: Nice, photographs.

Kristen: How does it feel to be the Nightmare King's little lieutenant?

Kalina: How does it feel to be in a forest where dreams are real? Oh. You see
something you don't like, Tracker?

Brennan: You see Tracker looks up and you realize all three of you are seeing
Kalina at the same time. You see Tracker looks up and goes,

Tracker: No. I can't even see the sky. No, no no no!

Brennan hunches forward and his eyes bulge. He snarls viciously, then it turns
into a feral growl.

Brennan: And Tracker begins to change. Kalina goes,

Kalina: Full moon. Tough break.

Brennan: You guys cannot see a full moon but Tracker can and the full moon is
real enough that she begins to change.

Ally puts a hand on Murph’s shoulder and grabs at the air in front of them.

Ally: I’m so sorry, but I grab Tracker and Riz, and I Dimension Door out of
the forest?

Brennan: You are too far into the forest to get back outside the wall.

Ally: Fuck. Dammit. Okay.

Zac: You can only do one person, too.

Murph: I guess I'll,

Riz: Sorry, Tracker!

Murph: I wanna shoot her with my grappling thing.

Kristen: You have a tranquilizer too, right?

Riz: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool. Both of you guys as you go for your weapon and you go for that.
You see-- go ahead and give me an attack roll first.

Ally mouths something, awaiting Murph’s dice roll.

Ally: [pointing to Murph] Ah, help action?

Brennan: Sure.

Riz: I feel this is [chuckles] gonna be bad.

Lou, Ally, and Murph look away from the result. Murph slaps his hand on the
table and Ally balls their fists.

Ally: Ah, you jinxed it! You jinxed it!

Lou: You don’t say that, Murph!

Murph: 15.

Brennan: 15, [whiz] flies off. Suddenly Tracker is just-- you see that
Tracker's, her body in your line of sight disappears and it disappears as
though moths, invisible moths were flying in front of her and where they
crossed over you’re ability to see her, when they left she was gone.
[fluttering noises]

Ally: I reached in the area and see if I can feel her, if maybe she just
turned invisible?

Brennan: You sw— give me an attack roll with disadvantage.

Ally: Okay, what is my attack, I never attack. Uh, 10.

Brennan: [whoosh] Air. You see Kalina goes, appears again to both of you she
goes,

Kalina: Tracker is chasing you down to kill you.

Kristen: Hm.

Brennan: You see, she says,

Kalina: I mean, what she thinks is you. She's gone. Ragh's gone, Sandra Lynn's
gone. I told you if you came to the forest I'd kill you. Dreams are real here.
So, for example.

Brennan: Riz you take 4 points of damage and you know the damage is real.

Murph: Ow. As I wince, I pull on my tie to record.

Brennan: You start recording her. You see that she stops for a moment and
goes,

Kristen: Did that really just hurt you?

Murph nods.

Brennan: She disappears from sight and a moment later, Kristen, you take 1
point of damage. You can feel claws against you like a cat scratch. And
they're— you know they're coming from inside your own body.

Kristen: Are you flirting with me?

[chuckling]

Riz: [astounded] What?!

Kristen: She's fucking flirting with me.

[laughing]

Brennan: You see she goes,

Kalina: No, Kristen, that's funny. I'm gonna kill you here. Now. ‘Cause I'm
gonna keep tearing you apart from the inside. And I don't think you can stop
me. I was very clear. I've never double-dealt you. I told you in Leviathan.
You try to get the crown, I'm gonna kill you.

Kristen: Is that what your superior told you to say?

Kalina: Yeah, my superior, Kristen. I work for the Nightmare King.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, cool.

Kalina: So I guess--

Kristen: A job’s a job.

Kalina: Hey, this is gonna take me a long time.

Brennan: She hits you again for 4 points of damage.

Riz: I start furiously looking around for what we need to find in this water I
guess.

Brennan: You guys both continue to start taking damage. You will not be able
to make tinctures in time while you are here. We're going-- Like this, like,
disease is like ripping you apart.

Ally: Each second, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Each second. You have a lot of hit points, so it will take a while,
but you're being killed by something that you don't know how to hit. I'm gonna
need a-- Gorgug and Fabian what are you guys doing?

Gorgug: We gotta find this stuff, right?

Fabian: Yes we just--

Gorgug: While we're up here

Zac: Can we make another Perception check, while we’re up here.

Lou: Yeah.

Zac: We can't make the-- we don't know that, do we?

Lou: Yeah I mean, we should--

Gorgug: Let's look for it and then like, try to get back to everybody.

Fabian: Great. Spring break, I believe in you.

Gorgug: Thank you.

Brennan: One last one last Survival check and then you guys are gonna run down
and find everybody?

Zac: Yeah.

Lou: Yes.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Okay, Survival? 23.

Brennan: You find a star moth chrysalis.

Fabian: Did you find it?

Gorgug: I think so.

Fabian: Okay, yes!

Gorgug: Let's get the fuck out of these trees!

Brennan: Fig and Adaine, what are you guys doing?

Fig: What are we looking for in here? I got really distracted.

Adaine: Oh god, I don't even remember.

Zac: The pollen or the nectar?

Fig: I don't know what to say here.

Adaine: Can you use your feather to find Ayda?

Emily: I take out my feather and just say-- I speak her name.

Fig: Ayda Aguefort, I really want you to come back. Please come back.

Brennan: The feather has lost its shine.

Adaine: [quietly] What.

Fig: Why? Why did I freaking invite her? Why did I even think that this was
a-- okay thing to do?

Adaine: No she's rad, she's much more powerful than any of us.

Fig: I know she's much more powerful.

Brennan: What are you guys doing in this moment? You-- Sandra Lynn is gone,
Ayda is gone.

Siobhan: Aghh! Um, can I look through—

Emily: Yes what are you—

Siobhan: Boggy's eyes and see what the lads are doing.

Brennan: Freaking out because Ragh is gone and they just found the star moth
chrysalis.

Adaine: Ah, okay, Ragh is also gone, but they found the star chrysalis. Let's
look for the moss that we have to find.

Fig: Okay.

Brennan: Give me one more thing for the nectar.

Emily: Okay, Bardic Inspiration.

Siobhan: Oh, thank you.

Emily: Oh, what are we looking for?

Brennan: You're looking for Harrowgray nectar.

Emily: Oh, sorry, what is this check?

Brennan: Survival.

Siobhan: Oh I don't even need it, ‘cause I got-- I mean I got a 21. Is that
enough?

Brennan: You find the nectar of the flower, pull it out. Kristen and Riz, you
are both being ripped apart by this thing.

Ally: Yep, you know I start a-- fuck I only have one of these per time. I cast
Greater Restoration on Riz.

Ally lays their hand on Murph’s shoulder.

Brennan: [magical whirring] Choosing Riz over yourself, you cure Riz of the
plague of the Shadowcat. Riz you suddenly feel the attack stop on you and
double on Kristen.

Kristen: Fuck, you need to find Tracker.

Ally: I started the Prayer of Healing, it's gonna take 10 minutes. I don't
know if I'll last but--

Brennan: You'll be dead by then.

Ally: Yeah! Okay.

Brennan: We're going to--

Emily and Siobhan mutter for a moment about spells.

Emily: Can I just cast, I mean can I play-- I don't know if anyone can hear me
but I have like, Countercharm. Can I just play my Countercharm thing to give
people an advantage on saves against frightened and being charmed?

Brennan: You guys-- I assume you're trying to find all of each other.

Fig: Yes! I think we just like--

Lou: Yes, we’re--

Brennan: Riz, you watch the wounds begin to appear on Kristen's face. You guys
find yours, you guys find yours, you begin to run. You hear from every corner
of the forest [ominous laughter] [whooshing] and for the first time you will
see an image of a crowned skull. That's all for this episode of Fantasy High.
Tune in next week, gang, bye bye.

Lou: [quietly] You suck.

[laughing] [clapping]

Ally: Damn!

An ominous image of Kalina fades in from black. She smirks viciously.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 17: The Forest of the Nightmare
King](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vScTDIQmtsf2L7uT3BZhxULMd2FPKMjvj7UqFTdfcrtdAAX-
GExlh9lkuRjpXLRBH8Rym3c2gwB9kqS/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650559906628&usg=AOvVaw3MksbUK1v_P_puqw6E9Obx)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by: gluegunshots, somnolentselenophile, tevildo, natjennie,
ghoulfriend, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoy1LRA7NVfMxb3EYzrhUkdaB2sRimhudhpskY-7eh-6gu2bHrhYwM0mS9KbTMlchqDZkp-
qP-aPMC-RvS4:0)

Episode 17: The Forest of the Nightmare King

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 17: The Forest of the Nightmare King

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSmPV9bIjk0vBPIfVFuvwyrF5mcWvNcPxeTx_G6Q-1y7cr-
rCDd9U0cyUAoI-
Ni7CT7dhyCtC9SbAAX/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650563040139&usg=AOvVaw330AWO5WSckiY49RCxnQp4)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT5ZQ8D-tlWGabunUAg0_LYbZKRDXHVZcF-z8h6c73LpT9v7Z5184iIHakqHv7W3QsDUsE8xa7CiNy3/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650563040409&usg=AOvVaw1fL4fsvPc5L9Y3KI58LtwS)]
>

Brennan: Hello one and all! Welcome to another exciting episode of Dimension
20 Live presents Fantasy High Sophomore Year. They're doing their spells!

Ally: Yes, everyone gave me such shit about my spells being wrong, I'm looking
them all up.

Brennan: Looking up all their spells.

Ally: Turns out I don't have Ice Feast or whatever I thought I had.

Brennan: Hey, nobody has Ice Feast.

Siobhan: What the fuck is Ice Feast?

Lou: It's a feast of ice.

Ally: Thank you!

Lou: Oh, come on dude.

Siobhan: You have a bag full of ice with you.

Ally: I do, I do.

Brennan: If you guys want to homebrew Ice Feast, you can. You guys, welcome
back to another exciting episode of Dimension 20 presents Fantasy High
Sophomore Year, the continuing adventure of the Bad Kids! The world of Spyre’s
premiere teen adventures at the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, a high school
for heroes. Couple notes for tonight, number one, if you guys are interested
in Dropout and seeing Dimension 20, but you're having a hard time affording
it, good news! We're gonna release the entirety of our first side quest Escape
from the Bloodkeep to our YouTube channel with new episodes dropping every
Saturday. So we're gonna release all of it. Escape from the Bloodkeep is
jumping out from behind the paywall in the run up to A Crown of Candy.
(cheering) So this Saturday before A Crown of Candy comes out, the last of the
finales here from Bloodkeep will go up onn our YouTube channel, make sure to
check out Dimension 20 show on YouTube and ring that bell. Also if you have
some friends and family in your life that are like, “I wanna watch Dropout,
but I can't afford it.” Good news, you guys can now give subscriptions from
one to 12 months if you wanna get Dropout for somebody as a present, birthday,
anniversary.

Lou: Easter's coming up.

Brennan: Easter's coming up!

(cheering)

Classic.

Lou: Classic on cue!

Emily: Things to find inside an egg.

Lou: Exactly.

Brennan: Classic, classic Easter present. Also in our store now you can buy
Pok Gugak's coffee mug, [cast awws] “Don't talk to me until my death's
avenged”! Use the code MYSONRIZ and you can add a Riz sticker for free.

Ally: Speaking of coffee.

Zac: My beautiful son.

Brennan: Beautiful, beautiful son.

Murph: Beautiful baby angel.

Brennan: Before we move on, actually you know what, it's a little toasty in
here so I'm just gonna. [takes off jumper to reveal maroon and navy striped
shirt]

Lou: You hot dude, you hot?

Brennan: I'm a little hot, so,

(group yelling)

Siobhan: The shirt is back!

Emily: I like the shirt.

Brennan: What do you mean?

Siobhan: The shirt is good—

Ally: The famous shirt that you wear every day.

Lou: A shirt so good you can't stop wearing it.

Siobhan: Brennan's only shirt TM.

Brennan: Okay, I didn't know that there was such a kerfuffle over my shirt so
I'm gonna go ahead and change shirts if there's such a big to-do about it.
[takes off second shirt to reveal a white t-shirt with a paper sign taped to
it]

Lou: Wow! What's it say?

Brennan: What's it say?

Lou: What?

Brennan: What's up?

Siobhan: [reading the sign] “Bethany won shirtgate.”

Lou: Wow.

Ally: “Bethany won shirtgate.”

Siobhan: Congratulations, Bethany.

Brennan: What?

Lou: Hey Bethany, congratulations.

Brennan: What?

Lou: You won shirtgate.

Brennan: All right, look.

Siobhan: Brennan’s second shirt!

Ally: Oh, she just posted today that you wear that shirt all the time.

Brennan finishes putting on a denim jacket over his white shirt.

Brennan: [defensively, to the camera] I own lots of shirts!

(laughing)

Lou: Oh, do you?

Brennan: I got plenty of shirts.

Emily: That does look like a new one.

Zac: Honestly I wear the same amount of shirts and do not get roasted for it,
so I'll own that.

Murph: You don't have like, a clear favorite though.

Emily: I've never worn the same shirt twice.

(laughing)

Brennan: That is remarkably wasteful!

Ally: I throw them out.

Lou: I burn them, I burn them.

Ally: I burn 'em.

Lou: And they keep my children warm so is that wasteful? You gonna tell me
that keeping my children warm is wasteful?

Siobhan: While making full eye contact with a seal!

Brennan: This bit took so long that we moved to the Gorgug music.

[gentle chords in the background]

Lou: Oh, love it.

(laughing)

Brennan: Okay, enough fun for everybody. Gang, this is Dimension 20 Live. Last
we left off we had a bit of a wild time. I think you guys will find that last
time we were here, we had some really incredible stuff happen. All of our
friends started in the Nine Hells and Riz Gukgak met his dad's spirit, Pok
Gukgak, a saint, a celestial soul working for the Lower Planar Reconnaissance
Task Force. He helped his dad and got some information crossed back and forth
about the nature of Kalina and the Shadow Cat. And got decked out with a bunch
of rad spy gear, which is extremely, extremely cool. We also had a bunch of
fun with our guys coming back and getting to Arborly. We had a viral shrimp
party, which [turns to the camera and points] has never happened in a game of
D&D before.

Various players and Brennan mimic crabs with their arms.

(laughing)

Ally: That party was coronavirus.

(laughing)

Lou: We were patient zero in corona.

Ally: We were patient zero in a big shrimp disease.

Emily: I forgot that we gave away all of our stuff, right?

Zac: All the shrimp's gone.

Lou: Yeah, y'all poor now.

Siobhan: Shrimp flu.

Brennan: Well, yeah that's right.

Emily: It's fine, once I get residuals I'll be back.

Brennan: Fig, Riz, and Gorgug gave away all of their wealth, all of their
currency.

Emily: Not anything that-- I was rich before, new money of course.

Lou: All the new money—

Brennan: Sorry you did not give away your—

Emily: My like tour money.

Brennan: Your touring money.

Ally: I think it would have touched in the bank.

Lou: Well no, that money would be in her S-Corp.

Ally: No, you truly do have to give everything away I think to be free of
that, right?

Zac: Yeah, I think so.

Emily: Is this true?

Lou: You're poor, dude.

Emily: Brennan, it this true?

Brennan: I've never confirmed any of this stuff. This has all been a leap of
faith on your guys’ part.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: So you tell me-- I'm gonna assume that you didn't give away your
rockstar money until told otherwise. So then our beloved heroes gave away, in
this case only Riz and Gorgug gave away all of their currency.

Zac: I called my bank and everything.

Brennan: You called your bank and everything. And then they headed, into the
Forest of the Nightmare King.

[dark and ominous music fades in]

Lou: So prepared. We were so fucking prepared.

Emily: If I roll a luck point can I undo what happened at the end of the
episode?

Brennan: No, you may not.

(laughing)

Siobhan: What about two luck points?

Murph: What if we all roll a nat 20?

Brennan: Honestly, if all of you roll a nat 20 right now, [players rolling] it
already hasn't happened.

(laughing)

Lou: 18, 19, 19, nat 1.

Siobhan: Pretty good. Collectively like three 20s.

Brennan: Gang, we are rowdy tonight. And the reason being as our intrepid
heroes, wait, did we do that this time? Say hi intrepid heroes.

All: Hi intrepid heroes!

Siobhan: We're gonna die.

Brennan: As our intrepid heroes enter the Forest of the Nightmare King, they
split up to search for the ingredients that Kristen would need to make a
tincture to cure the Shadow Cat plague. Having collected two of the three
ingredients, it seems that Sandra Lynn, Baxter, her griffin now, Ragh,
vanished into the forest. Some horrifying magical fate befell Zaphriel in the
Hangvan gem and Ayda Aguefort, and Tracker witnessed an illusory full moon,
which would normally not do anything to a werewolf, but here in the Forest of
Nightmare King where illusions are partially real, it was enough for her to
transform. Kristen heroically casts Greater Restoration to remove the disease
from Riz, and herself is suffering the horrifying attacks of Kalina, the
Shadow Cat, who is partially real and therefore able to hurt Kristen. You guys
are a quarter of a mile into the forest. You're not that far. You're a quarter
mile into the forest. It is all difficult terrain here. So the briar wall is
not far away from you, Arborly is not far away from you. You are each about
300 feet away from each other through thicket and trees and brambles, but you
roughly know the direction that everybody is in. As Kristen is sustaining
these attacks I'm going to need all of us to roll initiative.

Murph: Oh no.

Siobhan: Oh crap.

Emily: What?

Lou: This excites me. I'm excited.

Emily: Sick puppy.

Lou: I'm excited, I'm a sick puppy.

Murph: You're sick.

Lou: I'm a sick puppy and this excites me. [straight into the camera] Bow wow,
bow wow. Bow wow, bow wow.

[group laughing]

Brennan: Let's go around--

Emily: Get this puppy neutered.

(laughing)

Lou: Go ahead and try.

Brennan: Who here got above a 20?

Emily: No one.

Siobhan: Nobody got above a 20.

Brennan: Anybody got above a 15?

Lou slaps his hands on his arms then raises them like a butterfly. Zac and
Murph raise their hands normally.

Brennan: What did Gorgug get?

Zac: 16.

Brennan: What did Fabian get?

Lou: 17, bow wow.

(laughing)

Murph: 16.

Emily: Damn dude, this puppy.

Murph: Get out of here.

Lou: Go ahead and try to neuter this puppy. I'm excited.

Ally: Try to neuter this puppy?

Lou: Try to neuter this puppy.

(cast laughing, crosstalk)

Siobhan: Run a game.

Brennan: All right, who got between a 10 and a 15?

Siobhan raises her hand, but immediately puts it back down.

Siobhan: Oh, no. Slowbros.

Brennan: Okay, what did Fig get?

Brenan points to the remaining cast members.

Emily: 9.

Siobhan: I also got 9.

Ally: [subdued] Negative 2.

Lou: What!

Emily: [screaming laughter] They simply must get new dice. [groans]

Zac: Kristen!

Ally: If you roll high you also gotta roll low sometimes, right?

Lou: Amen, amen.

Emily: I mean, your dice tell a beautiful story.

Murph: The only rules are that the dice are spicy.

Lou waves his hand in an attempt to cool down his coffee, which passes in
front of the camera.

Brennan: So Ragh, nowhere to be seen. Gorgug, Fabian, you are up in the trees,
in the sort of at the point of a triangle 300 feet from either of your other
Bad Kid allies. You can sense something is going wrong. You can probably hear
muffled shouts. You hear “find Tracker” off in the woods. Fabian, you are
first to act, what do you do?

Lou: Can I make a perception check?

Brennan: Yes, please do.

Lou: 10.

Brennan: Okay. You see forest, mist, no sign of Ragh.

Lou: I look up to Gorgug,

Fabian: I feel like we should find The Ball or anyone, okay great.

Gorgug: This sucks.

Fabian: This sucks! [yelling through his hands] Ragh!

Lou: And I slide down the tree and move in the general direction of where I
think The Ball and Kristen are.

Brennan: Okay, you're gonna take a full move action.

Lou: Full dash action and then fuck it, I'll Action Surge and dash again.

Brennan: Okay, hell yeah. You rush in the direction of your friends.

Lou: Can I communicate with The Hangman?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Fabian: Hangman, things are going very poorly. Do not enter the forest but
please bring Gilear and anyone else to the entrance.

Hangman: (growling) Sire, I come now to the briar wall with the wretch known
as Gilear.

Fabian: Great, we'll see you soon. Yeah, be ready, things really aren't going
well!

Hangman: Oh sire, I'm sorry too, I should have come with you.

Fabian: No, no you probably would have disappeared into the forest as well.

Hangman: Why?

Fabian: What?

Hangman: Why?

Fabian: Like why would you have disappeared-- this is not the time!

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Riz, you are there, Kristen has just shouted at you, "Find Tracker!"
Tracker is, go ahead actually and make a perception check for me.

Murph: [strained] Oh, please... Okay, 15.

Brennan: As the disease is cured from your body by Kristen's magic, what you
were unable to hear a moment ago, you now hear. It is fading extremely
quickly, which is Tracker, at this point already probably three or four rounds
away, but you hear the crashing of a giant wolf through the underbrush running
deeper into the Forest of the Nightmare King.

Riz: I don't think we're finding Tracker right now. I'm gonna try to find this
tincture thing real quick.

Kristen: Okay.

Murph: I guess I will actually, okay. So Kristen right now has this thing that
is hurting them. I want to, okay.

Riz: [to Kristen] Why don't you run, try to find our friends or try to get
out.

Kristen: Okay.

Murph: I want to hand Kristen my gun that has the signal flare.

Riz: So that if you're running and you're about to go down, you can shoot it
up and then I'm just gonna scramble around and try to find the last thing.

Brennan: Give me a Survival check DC15.

(groaning)

Ally: What do you have for survival?

Lou points at Murph’s dice and makes a vibrating “brrrrah!” noise. Murph
shakes this die for a long time before rolling.

Murph: Plus one.

Ally: Yeah, 15!

Brennan: Ooh, baby. You go, you find lung ray pollen, you scrape into a little
detective baggy, you have everything you need to make the tinctures.

Kristen: Run.

Riz: All right.

Brennan: Okay. That is your turn.

Emily: You're running after Tracker?

Murph: No, not after Tracker.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's you, I assume you're doing?

Zac: I cast Jump on myself to avoid the terrain as well as I can.

Brennan: Cool, you’ll take— yeah that actually completely works. You leap to
the bottom of the tree.

Zac: Okay so I'm on the same track as Fabian, well I wanna make a Perception
check to see if I can tell where to go, or I'm just following Fabian I guess.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: You might be able to move faster than me, Gorgug.

Zac: Okay, I'm gonna just go the same direction as Fabian.

Brennan: Cool, I'm going to need a Survival check from you. It's a DC10
Survival check not to get lost in the forest.

Zac: [unconfidently] Okay, all right. 18.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Nice! [clapping]

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: I have Survival for some reason.

(laughing)

Murph: It's barbarian stuff.

Brennan: That is barbarian stuff, that's true.

Zac: Truly never come into play in this game.

Murph: Sometimes we forget what classes we are.

Emily: Right.

Brennan: Incredible. That is going to go and be, Kalina looks at you.

Ally: She's still there?

Brennan: She's killing you.

Ally: Oh!

Brennan: Riz doesn't see her doing this, but she like lashes, when these
things erupt in bursting boils on your face, it's her claws in your vision
scratching across you. She looks at you, her eyes go wide with fear as you
cure Riz of this illness. She vanishes and as she does so you guys see a
horribly wounded Sandra Lynn on Baxter fly into the clearing looking
completely manic. She's holding this wrestling, it looks like a horrifying
little gremlin made of roots and plant matter. She lands right in between you
two guys, leaps off and says,

Sandra Lynn: [urgently] Kristen, bite this!

Ally: Perception check?

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Perception check.

Ally: Oh, Jesus Christ. Nat 20. Nat fucking 20!

Brennan just stares at them silently, then turns to look into the camera.

(Ally yelling)

Lou: [singing nervously] This is too much! For me!

Brennan puts his face in his hand.

Emily: [cheering] Oh, I love your checks!

Ally, Murph, and Emily are all clapping. Zac holds up his dice box, and
presents it to Brennan like he’s a fancy waiter.

Zac: We have here a flight of dice. This is a d20, starting down with our—

(laughing)

Siobhan: We've been here before, it's like a small plate situation.

Ally: We have the kiwi strawberry.

Zac: Enjoy, enjoy.

Siobhan: Like a tapas of dice.

Brennan: [clearly exasperated] We're 15 minutes in.

Brennan pops a sugar die into his mouth.

(laughing)

Siobhan: Oh, it's the gift that keeps on giving.

Zac: Anyways, it is Sandra Lynn.

(laughing)

Ally: Your perception check tells you it is Sandra Lynn.

Brennan takes the die out of his mouth.

Brennan: D12's too big.

Ally: Did you put it in the coffee?

Brennan: Put in the coffee? [frowns] Don’t make me ruin the coffee.

Ally: I'm looking forward to that.

Zac and Lou: Ruin the coffee.

Lou: Ruin your fucking coffee.

Murph: Ruin your coffee dude.

Siobhan: Ruin your freaking coffee dude.

Emily: Ruin your coffee.

Brennan: [sighs and shakes his head] Now. Because you asked and because you
rolled a nat 20, this is a forest of lies. Kalina vanished because she needed
to use her focus and attention to create an illusion and Riz, you didn't see
any of that. I was lying to you, Murph the player, when I said you did.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Riz doesn't see anything because what happened is that little
squirming baby is right where Riz is.

(Emily gasping)

Ally: Sick.

Kristen: I don't know if I should bite it!

Riz: Bite what?

Kristen: I don't know if I should bite it!

Riz: Are you gonna bite me, you're like baring your teeth at me. What are you
doing?

Kristen: We need to get the fuck out of here.

Brennan: The illusion fades. Kalina,

Kalina: [snarls] Ah!

Brennan: Reappears and that illusion vanishes. She was attempting to get you
to bite Riz.

Ally: Fuck yeah.

Emily: To infect him again.

Lou: Kinky.

Ally: [slapping their fist into their palm] To infect you again! Yes, you're
right!

Siobhan: Dang.

Lou: Ooh, bow wow.

Emily: Oh, the 20s bless us.

Kristen: No matter what I do, don't take my blood. No matter what I do, don't
take my blood.

Riz: Just don't bite me, just don't bite me.

Brennan: Okay. That is going to be Fig's turn.

Lou: That's a solid play, Kalina.

Brennan: You are standing in the woods, you're still holding the feather. You
hear a voice next to you go,

Baby: [screaming, high-pitched] Oh, it's so bad! Don't worry all your other
friends are gone, but Baby is here now!

(laughing)

Fig: How comforting.

Baby: Whatever they were doing for you, Baby can do just as well.

Onscreen there is character art of Baby, who is a strangely drippy tiny red
devil.

Fig: Yes, thank you so much.

Siobhan: 'Cause I'm directly after you, if you wait I can cast Fly on us both.

Emily: Why yes, I would like to fly. I'll hold my action.

Brennan: You hold your action.

Emily: Can I do like a Perception check?

Brennan: Give me a Perception check.

Emily: Or like to try and find out where the rest of our friends are.

Brennan: 16, your mom took off. You can hear shouting and you hear a blast of
like rocket boots and Fabian like sliding down the side of a tree not too far
away from you.

Fabian: [weakly] Ragh!

Zac mimes blasting off from the tree like Superman.

Fig: [points] That direction!

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Okay, you cast Fly.

Siobhan: I cast Fly as a fourth level spell so both of us are flying, which
gives us a flying speed of 60 feet.

Brennan: Okay, that means that Adaine, you can move 60 and Fig if you want to
you can actually just move 120.

Emily: Yeah, but I do it just to come in a circle to be next to Adaine again.

(Brennan laughing)

Lou: Damn, that's cute as hell.

Adaine: Very cool.

Ally: Yo, we need to get out of the forest everybody.

Emily: If I go further than 60 feet, am I gonna see my friends?

Brennan: You will meet Fabian and Gorgug at the bottom of the tree if you do a
full 120.

Siobhan: I have 60 feet of darkvision, so I will still be able to see you at
that distance.

Fig: Are you cool if I go ahead?

Adaine: Yeah, that's fine.

Fig: You won't feel unsafe or anything?

Adaine: I feel unsafe with you there and without you there, it's not about
you, the forest is bad.

Fig: Oh okay, cool.

Ally: Wow, those are some really good boundaries. That’s crazy.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Emily: Then I fly down and I find them.

Brennan: Cool, you guys see Fig (imitates blasting) flying through.

Fabian: You can fly?

Gorgug: I thought I was flying.

(cast laughing)

Fig: You are though.

Brennan: Kristen, it is your turn, what do you do?

Ally: Okay, we got everything we need. I take off running for the exit.

Brennan: Cool, getting out out of the forest.

Ally: And then I, can I cast a spell in, yeah, yeah, okay. I cast da, da, da.

Riz: Should you just shoot the flare up?

Kristen: Yes.

Riz: Why don't we do that?

Ally: Yeah, I shoot the flare up in the air and I cast like a Lesser
Restoration on myself.

Brennan: Okay, dope. Riz, yeah I'll let you do the signal as just an object
interaction and you cast Lesser Restoration?

Ally: Oh wait, sorry, no I'll do Cure Wounds.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Ally: A level three Cure Wounds and then I get some auto heals.

Emily: Sorry, since I held my turn, can I do an action and do Countercharm to
give everyone advantage on saves against being frightened or charmed?

Brennan: Absolutely. Because you're moving twice as fast as anybody else, you
can take an action to do Countercharm every round and still be moving as fast
as everybody.

Emily: Cool.

Brennan: Awesome. So because you are all now committed to finding each other,
I'm just gonna say we'll move to the next round of initiative that happens.
Kristen, the next round you are dealt 11 points of damage.

Emily: Do you need to heal? I have Healing Word.

Ally: I mean, right now I'm only missing a few. It's not dire but I will at
some point and I'm just gonna be healing myself as we try to get out.

Emily: Okay, cool.

Kristen: Oh, I healed Riz by the way. Riz isn't infected anymore, but Kalina's
really tricky and I almost just reinfected him so everyone watch out.

Fabian: Okay.

Fig: Okay.

Kristen: Don't bite the baby that your mom gives you.

Zac: Are we all together?

Murph: I don't think we're all together here.

Brennan: You guys are now, I'm gonna say you take that damage, on the next
round all of you guys come together. You have the pollen, you've taken a round
to cast Cure Wounds. You guys, in other words, come together. As you do so,
Kalina appears and says,

Kalina: Wait, wait. I'll kill you before you make it back to Arborly, but all
your friends will escape even if I kill you, so let's make a deal.

Kristen: ...Okay?

Brennan: You see she says,

[electronic ambience, spooky]

Kalina: Your crystals? On the ground smashed. The kid’s photo, ripped in half,
left on the floor of the forest. You guys walk out of here with you alive,
that's the deal.

Kristen: Run, everybody run!

(laughing)

Fabian: Let’s go, dude! C’mon!

Kristen: Run fast as you can and keep your crystals, get all of the photos of
her out of this forest!

Emily: Can I go to iCloud and start uploading?

(laughing)

Lou: Can I call to The Hangman?

Fabian: Hangman, can you drive into the forest?

Brennan: You see The Hangman says,

Hangman: Sire, the briar wall is not granting me entry.

Fabian: All right, great. Well still be there and ready.

Kristen: Fig, do something!

Zac: Can I put Kristen on my back and start running, or if someone wants to
use a spell or something that can do that, but that's what my plan is unless--

Brennan: Cool. I'll let you guys, Gorgug if you want to put Kristen on your
back that is totally--

Zac: I still have Jump on.

Brennan: Still have Jump, Jump's not going to affect your speed but it's gonna
help you with that difficult terrain.

Zac: Yeah.

Emily: I mean, can I grab Kristen and Dimension Door to the mouth of it or
will that just mess you guys up?

Brennan: Dimension Door will get you some 600 feet—

Siobhan: Halfway there.

Ally: I also-- no I don't.

(laughing)

Ally: Look, okay there's a little kerfuffle before we started filming today, I
did make a lot of spells that were not mine.

(laughing)

Ally: They did say cleric on them—

Siobhan: “Shield”.

Fig: Do you guys feel safe with that?

Riz: Yeah, let's just run.

Kristen: Let's go.

Gorgug: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: Do you want me to Dimension Door Kristen?

Riz: Yes.

Kristen: And Riz, do we have two people, but do you have something?

Brennan: Only two people.

Adaine I don't have Dimension Door.

Riz: We're fine, let's keep running.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: I can pick Riz up, you're less than 90 pounds, right?

Brennan: So Fig grabs Kristen--

Emily: And I'll fly and I can fly really far, I can also Dimension Door, I can
cover some miles.

Ally: [impressed] Shit! Okay Fig!

(laughing)

Brennan: Awesome. I'm gonna say here. In the round that you’re figuring that
you take another three points of damage.

Lou: Can I touch Kristen and say,

Fabian: [heartfelt] Spring break, I believe in you!

Lou: And cast Heroism on her?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Lou: So at the beginning of each of your turns you will gain temporary hit
points equal to my spellcasting modifier, which is plus three. So every turn
you get three hit points and you're also immune to being frightened.

Ally: Oh great, oh great.

Fabian: I believe in you.

Kristen: Thank you spring break!

Fabian: Spring break!

Kristen: I miss Tracker. (crying)

Brennan: So I'm gonna actually see something real quick.

Emily: I guess also if I'm gonna be peacing, I'm gonna leave some Bardic
Inspiration for you guys. You already have some.

Murph: Appreciate it.

Lou: I can give it away.

Emily: I wink you, I wink you, I wink you. [Fabian, Riz, and Adaine]

Brennan: So this is very tense right now but I just want to see something.

Lou: I'm so scared. [shivers] Oh!

Brennan: So normally, um— I'm going to ask for an, I don't know if Fig wants
to attempt to carry Kristen. I'm gonna ask for an Athletics check to be able
to do that.

Emily: [a little worried] Okay.

Lou: Can I wink at Fig?

Brennan: Yes, this is taking another round, which is another six but only
three damage to you.

Emily: Can I have Baby give me the help?

Brennan: Baby can give you the help action.

(Emily cackling)

Ally: Come on.

Siobhan: [seeing the roll] Yeah.

Emily: I don't even know if I'm gonna use the Bardic Inspiration. That's a 21.

Brennan: [leans back in his chair] Ooh-hoo-hoo!

Fig: That's right. Come here, hoo!

Fig lifts Kristen.

(laughing)

Ally: Can I ride like a piggyback ride but on the front?

Kristen clings to Fig like a monkey.

Zac: You just have no idea what's happening.

Emily puts her arms out in front of her like Superman.

Emily: I'm flying and skateboarding at the same time.

(laughing)

Brennan: So you guys see in this incredible act of magic, Fabian you pass out
these Bardic Inspirations. As you guys move, hold on one second, you see
underneath Fig, this like huge fiery pentagram just woo, appears. Fig picks up
the party's cleric and appears almost halfway, almost certainly saving
Kristen's life.

Emily: Yeah! [clapping]

Brennan: We're still gonna run it out, we're still gonna see how that works,
but the way we're gonna do it is this. So you just oh, you can use somebody
else's Survival check for this if you want but I'm gonna ask for another DC15
Survival check to know the right direction.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: You have good survival, yeah?

Zac: I have five, plus five.

Murph: It's better than the rest of us.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: 22.

Murph: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Okay, great. So as you're picking Kristen up, Gorgug, you know
exactly the way back to the wall.

Gorgug: I guess I get this stuff, I don't know.

(cast laughing)

Riz: Who are you?

Fabian: You are of the land.

Brennan: You appear 600 feet closer. We're gonna resolve Fig and Kristen and
then we're going to resolve everybody left deep in the forest. So here's how
this is going to work. Oh man, that Heroism is so clutch.

Lou grins and dances, showing two peace signs.

Brennan: And you're flying, taking double move actually, which is 120.

Lou: You've been there for us, it's the least we can do to be there for you.

Ally: Hey, I'll be there for you till the end of time.

Ally and Lou hug.

Emily: I feel like I may use an action to do another Dimension Door if it gets
dicey.

Lou: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Okay, even without that this was gonna be 44 rounds for you to get to
the wall. It is now, because of, because of flying, Dimension Dooring, gonna
take 12 rounds.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: Cool?

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: So I'm gonna roll a ton of damage right now. We're just going to do
this.

Brennan pours out a shower of dice.

Siobhan: It's so many dice.

Zac: 12 times three.

Emily: I do have bonus action heals.

Ally: 36, so you subtract 36 from this no matter what.

Brennan: Subtract 36 in this no matter what, you got it. Hold on one second.

Emily: I have bonus action heal so I can also be Healing Word her.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Zac: And you could be healing yourself.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, here's how this is gonna be.

Lou: Heals on heals.

Brennan: While this is happening what are the four of you back in the woods
planning on doing?

Siobhan: I'm gonna pick up Riz.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: Just to hold.

Siobhan: Just to, yeah.

(laughing)

Zac: Fabian, how far can you move around?

Lou: I can move 30 feet.

Gorgug: Do you want to hop on my back?

Fabian: Not really.

(laughing)

Gorgug: You don't have to.

Adaine: This isn't the time, Fabian.

Riz: [clinging to Adaine, yelling] This isn't the time!

Fabian: The Ball, you're comfortable on people all right. I remember the
backpack and such and such.

Brennan: This is 24d6 damage coming Kristen's way. Okay, 11, 14, 20, 24, 34,
38, 40, 51, 55, 65, 77, 85, 85 minus, um...

Zac: 36?

Siobhan: So 49.

Murph groans and leans back in his chair.

Brennan: Yeah, plus another, oh no. 49, yeah.

Ally: That's great, because I would have been down.

Zac: But you would be healing yourself as you go, right?

Brennan: You could be, yes. You take 49 points of damage. Fig, you see a badly
injured Kristen. You're just watching wounds open up. Kalina keeps sort of
appearing to you. It's truly insane because you're looking at Fig's back while
she is just like, I'm gonna say a trail of fire is coming up from behind Fig
as she's flying holding you.

Adaine: I didn't do that, that's just happening.

Gorgug: Cool flavor.

Adaine: It's very cool.

Brennan: You see crouched on Fig's back, Fig obviously you can't see or
experience this. Kalina is just raking her claws across you saying,

Kalina: Listen to reason, kid, come on!

Ally: I kind of nuzzle my face in your neck, like

Kristen: Ah, this is so scary!

Fig: I got you Kristen, I got you! Stay strong!

Kristen: No, she's here, she's a freaking big cat!

(laughing)

Fig: That sounds really cute.

Brennan: You start to feel something also on your cheek, which are little wet
kisses and you hear Baby go,

Baby: Don't worry! It’s okay!

(cast laughing)

Kristen: Okay, okay! These kisses are wet!

Baby: I'm made of blood.

Kristen: Okay, I'll take what I can get.

Fig: Baby's a really good dancer. Baby, show 'em.

Kristen: What!

Brennan: You see---

Lou: Not the time, not the time.

Brennan: He holds himself in space, where his hands and feet are in space is
completely static and his perfectly round body just (imitates bubbling) like
bounces around in between where his hands and feet are.

Kristen: [unconvincingly] Oh wow, it's so good. I guess you should stop and—

Murph: The nightmares are real!

Kristen: We gotta wait for the rest of the group, right?

(laughing)

Brennan: Okay, incredible. You get to the briar wall. At your approach Fig,
you see the portal opens back up, The Hangman screams in.

Emily: Okay. I put Kristen there.

Fig: Kristen, I'm gonna seal this back up and go make sure to help shuttle
everyone 'cause I still have another Dimension Door. Are you safe on this
other side?

Kristen: Yeah.

Emily: Who's here? It's just Gilear?

Brennan: You see it’s just Gilear and The Hangman who's come in. Gilear has
not entered the forest.

Gilear: Daughter, is everything—

Fig: Stay! Don't come in.

Gilear: All right.

Emily: Can I give— Can I—

Fig: I don't know if I should leave you.

Kristen: With Gilear?

Fig: Yeah, okay, I'm not gonna leave, cool.

Kristen: No, you but you have Dimension D— no, like go help everyone.
Definitely get—

Brennan: Are you, are you going back through the door or are you staying on
the other side in the Nightmare Forest?

Ally: Going back through the door.

Emily: Go through the door.

Brennan: You go through the door, the second you go back through the door you
see Kalina walks through the door with you and says,

Kalina: Catch you next time.

Brennan: And vanishes.

Kristen: Okay. Yeah hurry and maybe just bring back whoever you can, but focus
on Riz.

Brennan: Okay, that happens, but it still it took you 12 rounds to do this.
We're gonna have to resolve 12 rounds of these guys before we get to that.

Lou: I get on Gorgug's back and I ask everyone, I swear everyone to silence.

Siobhan: I immediately take pictures.

Fabian: Stop!

Gorgug makes two peace signs.

Fabian: Stop! No!

Ally: Look at those little feet!

Fabian: It's scary right now! I have normal sized feet and The Ball—

Riz: It's normal to get carried around.

Fabian: Yes, when you're The Ball, alright. Balls get carried, alright.

Adaine: I've been carried a lot, I don't feel undignified.

Gorgug: [holding Fabian] You're surprisingly light.

Fabian: Shut up! (laughing) Everybody shut up! Everybody shut up!

Adaine: He's dainty, a dainty lad.

Gorgug: You're not supposed to weigh a lot.

Fabian: Well it's because I'm holding—

Riz: What's up, The Ball? [laughing]

Fabian: All right, fuck this. Fuck this. I'll walk.

Zac: Turned Fabian into a ball.

Zac pretends to take Fabian off his back, squish him into a ball shape, then
dunk a basket with him. Afterwards, he goes back to miming sprinting.

Brennan: So Adaine is flying, Gorgug nailed the direction back to where you
guys are going, so the slowest speed is gonna be Gorgug's speed on the ground,
which is still 40. So we're gonna determine it this way. If you're doing a
move and a dash every round, that's gonna be 80 feet but then halved again so
it's 40. So it could take you this amount of rounds.

Zac: Is it halved with the jump? Or does that affect it--

Brennan: You only can do Jump once per round so it's, on the grand sca-- oh
no, it's concentration, right?

Zac: Yes, it lasts for a minute.

Brennan: Okay I actually divide that in--

Zac: And I had two spell slots.

Brennan: Okay so I'm gonna say, I'll divide that in half again. Cool, it's
gonna take you guys 16 rounds, so they're actually--

Ally: Just a little bit behind us.

Brennan: Yeah that Jump spell is really kind of helping.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Brennan: Or actually no, because the Jump is preventing the difficult
terrain-- no you would be going twice as fast without difficult terrain. So
let me go ahead and see this real quick.

Murph: Keep in mind he's anime running.

All: Yeah, yeah.

Murph: So he’s not using his arms.

Siobhan: Arms behind.

Zac: [arms straight out behind him] Like this.

Lou: And I'm fully letting the sheet unfurl behind me.

Emily: Like a sail.

Ally: You're kind of slowing them down.

Lou: A lot of draft. (laughing) If there's difficult terrain, it's mostly
Fabian's sheet.

Brennan: Okay. Awesome. I'm gonna go ahead and say that because you guys have
handled this so expertly, because your speed that you're going is
fundamentally 80. I'm gonna say that you guys begin to hear the calling of
ravens out in the forest but given how quickly you guys are moving and how
many hit points you have, it would not be worthwhile to run this combat
because even if you guys did nothing but run, they still wouldn't able to
bring you down in the amount of time you guys have. You guys hear ravens
coming behind you and because of your jump spell, these like rocket boots, you
were actually able to mostly keep them at bay. I'll say that like Gorgug
bringing up the rear effectively takes like a cosmetic, you take like 15
points of damage from these like birds coming at the rear and pecking at you
before you make it back to Fig who's like waiting halfway between you guys in
the forest. You guys sprint from there. The door opens once again for Fig as
she approaches. As you do so you see that these ravens come and as they do so
they hit the open doorway and burst into decrepit leaves with spider webs
strung between them and are gone. You guys pummel through the doorway, the
door closes behind you, you are back in Arborly with The Hangman and Gilear.

(everyone sighing)

Adaine: So we have to go back in there, right?

Fig: Yeah, we have to go back in there.

Fabian: Like as soon as possible.

Gorgug: We gotta get Kristen.

Fig: We just need to get Kristen healed.

[crosstalk in agreement]

Lou: Let's get the tincture going.

Adaine: Yeah, let's make this tincture.

Gorgug: We got all the stuff for the tincture, right?

Adaine: How long does the tincture take to make?

Kristen: We got everything, yeah. I guess I have all the stuff for the
tincture, right?

Riz: We're saying tincture a lot.

Kristen: We're saying tincture.

Adaine: What's weird about that?

Kristen: Do we have enough of this tiny tincture?

Gorgug: Let's get back in the van.

Brennan: You can absolutely make this here. Listen, you paid dearly for these
ingredients, you got that like, what? Was it a nat 20 on that Medicine check?
It was some incredible roll. Having the ingredients, you can absolutely make
this tincture. It will take you less time than it would to like, long rest and
do a Greater Restoration on yourself again.

Ally: I still kind of want to do that though.

Emily: A long rest?

Siobhan: Does Kristen have to be the person that makes the tincture?

Murph: We should make one anyway in case we get infected again.

Siobhan: Yeah we should make as much tincture as we can 'cause also the other
guys.

Zac: There's some kind of alchemist or something at the tinker?

Brennan: You know for sure there are chemists at the tinkerers’.

Fig: Kristen, what can I do to make it more comfortable for you to not take a
long rest?

Kristen: No, that's fine. Just if I could take a long rest, I could, so what
happened was I cured Riz and that made her so upset, like she wanted me to
reinfect him so clearly the more of us that we can have the—

Gorgug: You're the only one who has it.

Fig: You're the only one who has it.

Adaine: Yeah.

Kristen: Really?

Riz: Yeah.

Fabian: Well everyone else who has it is still in the forest.

Riz: They're all missing.

Kristen: [whisper] Fuck. [regular] Okay, then, yeah, let's make the tincture.

Gorgug: Let's go to the Tinkerer's Hall and see if we can use.

Fabian: Make a good old big pot of it.

Adaine: Have the tinkerers make the tincture?

Kristen: We can make the tincture in the Tinkerer's Hall?

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: [grinning] Tincture in the Tinkerer's Hall.

Kristen: Yeah.

Zac: I'm messaging right now and I'm saying,

Gorgug: Let's make the tincture in the Tinkerer's Hall.

(laughing)

Fig: What about making the tincture in the Tinkerer's Tent?

Ally: Okay, can I--

Adaine: Tremendous.

Ally: Can someone Message me because I don't have it and maybe we should say
this over Message. [points to Siobhan]

Adaine: Yeah.

Ally: Okay I message everyone and I say,

Kristen: She also tried to make a deal with me. She said, if we all put our
crystals on the ground and ruined them and Riz, she knew that you were taking
video of her and if you ruined that she would let me live.

Brennan: Sorry, one distinction. She didn't know about Riz's tie.

Murph: Yeah, she had the picture.

Siobhan: Yeah, she said the picture, not the tie.

Brennan: The picture, she talked about the[makes four corners with his fingers
like a photo frame] original photo of Pok and Kalina.

Ally: Oh cool, very fucking cool.

Murph: And I'm gonna say over Message,

Riz: I got footage of her. We should watch it as soon as we get Kristen
healed.

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: Yeah.

Emily: I think also that I'm gonna make all of my social media public and this
will be my first post is gonna be a picture of her and it's gonna be one of
those like ‘if you see this person, they like stole from’, you know like? Like
they're a bad person.

Kristen: But put her name too.

Adaine: Yeah, flame her.

Kristen: Like I think it's like people knowing who she is and what she looks
like.

Siobhan: It's also better with video footage, right, because it's multiple
pictures.

Kristen: Yeah, let's see what we got. Shit, I wish we had like a Moon Haven or
I wish we had—

Zac: Is the van still working?

Siobhan: We still have the Moon Haven, the van is--

Zac: Can we go to the van and just and--

Lou: Drive it?

Brennan: Hallow is on the van as a location, not as Zaphriel the gem. So the
Hallow is still very functional on the van.

Kristen: Let's go.

Brennan: But you no longer have the extra dimensional part where like, you can
all sleep here like a house. So it's just a van that you've cast Hallow on.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Okay.

Lou: Let's drive it to the Tinkerer's Hall?

Zac: Yeah.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Cool. You guys head over to the Tinkerer's Hall. You arrive there,
I'm not gonna put on the happy Tinkerer's music.

Lou: Are you sure?

Brennan: Are you sure? You guys arrive at the Tinkerer's Hall driving the van
kind of bumpily over the grass there. Gilear says,

Gilear: What of everyone else? What of Sandra Lynn and--

Fabian: Later Gilear, later.

Fig: I think we probably have time. I think that the Shadow Cat took them, in
some capacity charmed them.

Kristen: Yeah.

Fig: And took them somewhere else.

Gilear: [extremely quietly] Oh my.

Kristen: They all went to a house I think.

Adaine: A cottage.

Fig: Yeah, Ayda mentioned being in some kind of--

Adaine: Wasn't the cottage turned into a curse?

Fig: Some kind of witch’s hut.

Adaine: The sanctum was turned into a curse?

Fabian: Gorgug didn't say anything about a cottage. He just seemed to--

Fig: You mean Ragh?

Fabian: Ragh, excuse me.

Fig: He didn't say anything about a witch’s hut.

Fabian: No, he just disappeared into the forest.

Gorgug: On the gem that Zaphriel was in, I saw a cottage like a spider webby
cottage.

Fig: What did it look like?

Gorgug: Like a cottage with spider webs.

Adaine: So maybe the people who didn't have Kalina inside of them went to a
different place than the people who did?

Fig: Yeah, I was gonna say I didn't remember Ayda being able to see the
picture.

Adaine: Ayda couldn't I don't think.

Kristen: Do we need me for any of what we're about to do?

Gorgug: Yeah, I think you're the only one who knows how to make the tincture.

Fig: Can I try?

Ally: Am I the only one or do I have it written down somewhere?

Brennan: I mean you could show someone else how to make it for sure.

Emily: I could make it.

Ally: I'll tell you guys how to make it and then I want to cast Blindness and
Deafness on myself.

Zac: Well you can just be in the Hallow, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah, just be in the Hallow.

Kristen: I don't know if I trust it.

Fig: But you could also take a short rest if I could make the tincture and you
could get some health back that way.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, but just in case like just so she truly has no way of
looking.

Riz: It's not a bad idea.

Kristen: Through my eyes or whatever.

Riz: Okay. Yeah, we'll give you a couple, we'll do two taps on your shoulder
when the--

Adaine: When the tincture is ready.

Kristen: Okay should I be blind or deaf, I get to choose one.

Fabian: Blind, right?

Fig: It seems like—

Adaine: Well blind, you can just close your eyes.

Zac: I'm gonna put my headphones on you when you cast Blind.

Kristen: I have to listen to your metal music?

Adaine: Metal music and like a fun little sleep mask.

Kristen: [strained] I miss Tracker.

Adaine: Awww. Snuggle down.

Ally: There's metal music blaring.

Gorgug: It's a bunch of different types of rock.

Kristen: [moving a headphone] What's that?

Gorgug: There's a bunch of different types of rock.

Ally: I cast Deafness on myself. (laughing) But I'm still wearing your
headphones and I don't let you know that I did it.

Brennan: So for everyone that goes into the Tinkerer's Hall, cool, you guys
arrive there. Who all's going to Tinkerer's Hall?

Emily, Zac and Siobhan raise their hands.

Siobhan: I think I am.

Fabian: I'm gonna stand outside and keep watch.

Fig: Oh, that's true.

Riz: I'll stay with Kristen. Make sure—

Fig: I usually am a German shepherd but—

Fabian: Let me, I can—

Fig: You going German shepherd?

Fabian: Roof, roof.

(laughing)

Fig: Okay, I'm sure you're a puppy.

Fabian: Yeah, I'm a sick one.

Adaine: Maybe I should stay with you just so that there's a spellcaster here.

Fig: Okay.

Brennan: Cool, you guys were to the Tinkerer's Hall, you both walk in. The
gnomes that you see Crumpkin Springbill goes,

Crumpkin: Well, if it isn't Gorgug Thistlespring!

Gorgug: Hello Mr. Crumpkin.

Crumpkin: Oh, hello.

Fig: Hi, I'm Figueroth Faeth.

Crumpkin: Hello, Miss Faeth. It's a pleasure to meet you.

Fig: Nice to meet you.

Gorgug: Look, we're in a bit of a pickle and we need to, we need these
tinkerers to make some tinctures.

Crumpkin: Some tinkerers to make some tinctures?

Gorgug: Yes.

Zac: Without saying exactly what's going on, like I tell them what we're
trying to make or like the ingredients in there.

Brennan: You see that they come over, some of the tinkerers all

have different specialties. There are definitely some that are chemists and
stuff like that. They're not necessarily like healers but as just a pure act
of chemistry they'd probably be able to make this.

Gorgug: Okay cool, and I can help if that helps in any way.

Brennan: You see they say, they look at it and say,

Tinkerers: Well you've gotten a bunch of hard to get ingredients, this
actually won't be that hard. If there's anyone in your group that knows
medicine we could use their help.

Brennan: It sounds like they're politely kind of saying like the only people
that would be able to give them a help action here are people that have
proficiency in medicine.

Emily: I don't.

Zac: I don't.

Ally: I do.

Siobhan: Riz does.

Murph: I don't, I just rolled really well that one time.

Siobhan: Oh.

Zac: Can you give Bardic Inspiration?

Emily: I only have one left.

Brennan: No, you took the Healer feat, didn't you?

Murph: I do have a Healer feat. Yeah, I have a Healer feat. Does that give me
proficiency in medicine?

Brennan: I'm not certain but for the sake of this, I would let Riz.

Murph: Cool, yeah I have a healer’s kit.

Brennan: You know enough about like forensic toxicology.

Murph: Great.

Brennan: ...what this kind of thing is like.

Gorgug: Riz.

Fig: Hey Riz.

Riz: Yeah?

Emily: I Dimension Door him back. Use a fourth level spell slot.

(laughing)

Murph: I throw up.

Brennan: As you're doing this over some of the gnomes look over and you see
that they're like looking off at you and talking. And you see that—

Emily: Where's Baby?

Brennan: You see Baby says,

Baby: I'm roughly the same size as these people.

Fig: I think you might be making them, maybe you should go over and say
something sweet to them.

Lou: Oh, no.

Baby: Okay. [creepy giggling]

Ally: What!

Baby: Should I whisper it or scream it?

(cast laughing)

Fig: Whisper.

Baby: So softly.

Gorgug: Is there any way Baby could go away?

(cast laughing)

Gorgug: I'm not trying to be rude but.

Lou: Is there any chance?

Gorgug: Is there any way Baby can go away entirely?

Ally: Can Baby go back in his pokeball?

Siobhan: Yeah, Baby go bye-bye now.

Emily: I mean, maybe, we'll talk about it later.

Brennan: You see he says,

Baby: Okay, time to make friends!

Fig: Whispers, so soft.

Brennan: He goes up behind, there's a gnome who's like fixing a gear on
something. Baby like flaps up behind it and he puts like [slowly closing his
fingers] one hand on a shoulder and the other on, love handle small of back,
and like whispers something.

Emily: Bad area, bad area.

Brennan: You see that he just goes like,

Baby: You know what I always thought. [whispers something incoherent]

Brennan: And you see the gnome just full vomits. (laughing) And Baby says,

Baby: [shrieking] It didn't work!

Brennan: And then he flies away.

Gorgug: What was he trying to do for it to not work?

Fig: Yeah, what did you whisper?

Gorgug: Something very specific happened!

Baby: I wanted to make a friend!

Fig: Oh no. Why do I collect so many tragic characters? Come here, come here
Baby.

Brennan: You see the gnomes keep talking. You see a couple that come over and
you see that the one that comes over is the woman that has like the sort of
ornithopter backpack. She says,

Polly: Oh sorry to interrupt, that's a remarkable instrument on your back
there.

Fig: Oh yeah, is that what you were looking at? I thought you were looking at
my imp.

Polly: [very cheerful] Oh, I've been trying to avoid doing that since he came
in!

Fig: Okay I'm sorry, I sent him over there to sort of broker peace, but no you
can have a spin.

Polly: Wow!

Fig: Do you play?

Polly: Oh, myself?

Fig: Yeah.

Polly: Oh yes, I have a flying contraption on my back but this looks like a
real piece of magical technology.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that they start pouring over it and looks like the gnomes are
actually like identifying this guitar for you. You see they say,

Tinkerers: Do you know all the properties that this has? The ruby is pretty
easy, there's a label.

Fig: Yeah, yeah, I know that it can destroy a ruby. I know that it doesn't
prevent you from losing all your friends in the forest.

Brennan: As you as you say that, Fig give me a Wisdom saving throw.

Lou: Ooh.

Emily: What!

Brennan: A Wisdom saving throw.

Emily: No!

Brennan: You have to, I asked.

Emily: No way.

Lou: No, I refuse.

Emily: Nine.

Brennan: You begin to hear whispers in your ear.

Voices: That's how you lost them, lost them all. Lost each and every one of
them.

Brennan: And you begin to hear a chorus of voices in your ear blaming you for
the loss of Sandra Lynn, for the loss of Ayda, for the loss of Ragh and
Tracker.

Fig: [clears her throat] So you wanna tell me about my guitar?

Brennan: You see them say,

Tinkerer: Oh, we would be happy to! But let's give it a thorough once-over,
maybe twice over, or a thrice over.

Fig: Yeah, as many times as you need.

Brennan: While that's happening, Gorgug, you see that Riz gets to work on the
tincture, go ahead and you can either give them the help action or they can
give you the help action.

Ally: Ooh.

Murph: I will give you the help action maybe. Or I guess it's them I think.

Brennan: Is it them.

Murph: Them, them, got it. Okay I will give them the help action.

Brennan: Okie-dokie. We’ll do this Box of Doom just 'cause it's a significant
roll.

Siobhan: How big of a roll does it need to be?

Brennan: Well.

Siobhan: How significant is this roll? Just for academic.

Brennan: These guys get a plus six to this check.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: They're going to be rolling with advantage.

Emily: I'll give 'em my last Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: Okay great, so we'll throw a d8 in there and I'm gonna say that the
DC is 15; for every two points over 15 they can make an additional dose of the
tincture.

Murph: Oh great.

Ally: Cool. Very cool.

Emily: Cool 'cause then if we find Tracker and Sandra Lynn.

Murph: Tracker, I think is gonna be a problem with the biting.

Siobhan: Wait, so hang on. So it's 15 plus—

Zac: Every two above that.

Brennan: Is another dose.

Siobhan: Is another dose.

Emily: So ideally we want 19.

Siobhan: In which case, oh no, I'm not even fucking there, nevermind.

Brennan: Okay cool.

Siobhan: God damn it.

Brennan: So we're gonna roll we're gonna add a D8, rolling with advantage in
the box of doom. 3 and a 13 plus six is 19, we're gonna roll a d8.

Emily: 'Cause we might as well get extra.

Brennan: Plus seven is 26.

Ally: Oh, yeah!

Emily groans in relief. Lou claps.

Brennan: So you guys get, so 15 is one.

Ally: Five extra.

Brennan: You get five extra, great, cool.

Lou: Oh, that feels good.

Brennan: It's gonna take you probably like the whole night to be able to make
those tinctures but you have five full doses of the tincture. You guys can
spread that amongst yourselves however you want. During that long night
however, you're talking with them about your Identify. Gorgug you see that
Crumpkin comes over to you. You see he says—

[sentimental soft music]

Gorgug: Hi, Mr. Crumpkin.

Crumpkin: Mr. Thistlespring, your generosity really can't be overstated. Our
town— There's so much work here about reclaiming more of the forest and what
we're able to do that all that money's gonna make a real a lot of difference.

Gorgug: Okay well, no worries. You know, I think for me I thought money was,
more money, more problems as I've heard someone say.

Brennan: You see he looks at you.

[the cast snickers at Zac]

Ally: Someone?

Lou: I heard someone say.

Zac: I think Gilear says that.

Siobhan: Yeah, mo’ money, mo’ problems.

Lou: Big Gilear.

Siobhan: Big Gilear energy.

Zac: Oh boy.

Siobhan: More yogurt, more problems.

Lou: Exactly.

Brennan: Crumpkin says,

Crumpkin: Well listen. We have two artificers here that would love to help
you. If you want to work with one of them,

Brennan: He says,

Crumpkin: We have some prototypes. We just wanted to make you something as a
show of appreciation.

Gorgug: What?

Brennan: And you see that two smiling gnomes, they look very, very moved. You
see that the first one that comes up you see is, he's got a hat that's like a
helmet with a big classic-looking magnet on it and he has these weird little
orbs of buzzing metal kind of floating around him. You see he says,

Zoseph: [a little nasal] My name's Zoseph Bittybottle and I just wanted to say
that there's a lot of research here that would never been able to happen
without your generous grant to the Tinkerer's Hall.

Gorgug: Aww.

Brennan: And you see that this woman comes over, her hair is a full, the mass
of her hair compromises two-thirds of her whole mass. It is a lightning
streaked, just like, sphere of hair around her. And you see that there are
clear little like alchemical stone batteries and a bandolier around her. So
you see that Crumpkin says,

Crumpkin: Zoseph is our lead metallurgist who studies rare and exotic unique
metals, and Marta is our electrician expert. Both of them have prototypes, if
you'd like to take a look at them. If you're interested in in one or the
other, we'd love to make you an ax if we could.

Gorgug: [excited] What?

Brennan: You see that, you look at basically the two of them go over. It
doesn't look like there's any sense of competition here, they basically like
pitch you on two different ideas of what they'd be able to do quickly.
Basically they have some stockpiled, incredibly rare resources here that
they've just been sitting on and like loath to use because they're so
expensive and that's not an issue anymore. So it looks like Zoseph's
prototype, it has to do with like, making something that would be like
adamantine and would literally be like an ax that wielded a magic of like
metallurgy and would almost be like a gravity ax. It would like manipulate the
raw force of gravity itself and it's much more like a combat focused one and
then Marta's is like one that would be a little bit more like, have some spell
casting stuff thrown into it. She's like,

Marta: We’re probably able to do either of these in the time you need.

Gorgug: Spellcasting in what way, I'm curious about.

Brennan: Hers looks like a very like lightning shooty kind of thing.

Zac: Okay.

Lou: Lighting shooting.

Siobhan: That sounds pretty rad.

Zac: They both sound rad.

Siobhan: They do sound really rad.

Zac puts his face in his hand briefly, incapacitated by choice.

Lou: Get both!

Emily: Gravity sounds dope.

Zac: Okay, I'm gonna flip a coin.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Yeah!

Zac: I got a little two-sided thing. All right one for—

Brennan: We can also, Gorgug can think about it, we can come back to you.

Zac: Okay, let's think about it.

(Lou booing)

Brennan: But we could flip for it too.

Lou: [derisively] Take away a flip.

Brennan: Just to do this because we're all having, because you're in in the
world of the Bad Kids right now, things are so bad, we'll have a little
respite of fun stuff. Emily, I'm going to give you your magic item card for
the guitar your dad gave you.

Emily: Aw!

Siobhan: It's so long.

Brennan: You can go ahead and read that out on camera if you would like.

Emily: Okay, you have plus one bonus to attack.

Brennan: Tell us the name of the instrument, first of all.

Emily: [grinning] The Infaethable bass.

(laughing)

Ally: Sick.

Emily: Yeah. “You have plus one bonus to attack and damage, you also gain plus
five bonus to performance checks while wielding this instrument,” [points at
Brennan] you're gonna regret that. “Countershred: when you roll a nat 20 on a
saving throw against a spell targeting you may as a reaction redirect the
effect of the spell back on its caster!” [cheers, slaps her first into her
palm]

Ally: Whoa!

Siobhan: That's so sick.

Emily: “Hellish Shred: anytime you are dealt 10 or more points of acid, cold,
fire, force, lightning, necrotic, poison, psychic,” blah, blah, blah,

While Emily is listing the damage types, Brennan gestures like he’s telling
her to hurry up.

Emily: “You may add 1d6 damage of the same type of energy to attacks made with
your instrument, the damage increases by one d6 for every 10 rounds,”
basically like Absorb Elements.

Brennan: Yeah, TL;DR when you get smacked by magic energy damage you can add a
portion of it back to your weapon attacks on the next turn.

Siobhan: It's like Black Panther's suit.

Brennan: Yes and it's added—

Lou: You stole that from Black Panther dude.

Siobhan: Hey man, you fucking hack.

Brennan: It's a great movie.

(laughing)

Brennan: But also important is that's calculated before resistance and
immunity so in other words, if you take fire damage which you don't actually
take, that gets added to your smacks per piece.

Ally: Whoa.

Emily: “Reckless Shred: when targeted by a spell that prompts a saving throw
you can choose to roll the saving throw with disadvantage,” which is I used to
have and Reckless Shred, I gave it up when I take the level of warlock, [slams
the item description against the table] it's back baby!

Ally: Yes!

Emily: Woo!

Brennan: And then shatter rubies. So they go through—

Ally: So sick.

Emily: [sweetly] Thank you, Brennan.

Brennan: Hey, I've had so much fun making up magic items for you guys.

(laughing)

Brennan: So yeah it's basically the all the powers of the bass have to do with
you being like extremely effective in like hellish combat, when like lightning
and fire and cold are all swinging around and people are casting spells at you
it becomes very dangerous for other people.

Emily: For a second I forget that my head whispered and told me it was all my
fault.

(laughing)

Brennan: Incredible. Zac.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: [sighs] We're gonna flip a coin.

Ally: Yeah.

Lou: [clapping, headbanging] Flip, flip, flip.

Zac: One is one is the first ax, two is the thunder ax. One.

Ally: Oh, you sounded kind of disappointed.

Zac: I think it's the gravity one.

Brennan: The gravity one. Oh you go with, you look at it—

Zac: I think it's cool.

Brennan: Here's the thing, I'm gonna say that Gorgug looks at it and, I will
tell you as Brennan the dungeon master, the lightning ax is extremely cool. It
is slightly less effective.

Zac taps his hands to his temples, smug about choosing the right one. Emily
laughs at him. After that, Zac mimes spinning an ax around and examining it,
then nodding thoughtfully.

Brennan: It would be very cool and cinematic but you start looking at the
schematics of, you see that Zoseph starts calling it, he talks about it as a
gravity ax but you it's also, he calls it the heavy metal ax. So when the ax
is finished, this ax weighs 120 pounds.

[Ally laughs, impressed]

Brennan: It requires 17 strength to even lift it.

Zac: I got 20.

Brennan: [laughs] As you pick it up, I’ll describe the ax to you. It's first
of all made of adamantium, which is incredibly heavy. The pommel of it is an
incredible, like, counterweight. This is like a Soul Calibur weapon. It's
truly enormous. It's a single-bladed ax, so it's not double-bladed and part of
that is because it has a slight like, fuller is not the right word. Part of
lessening the tremendous weight of this weapon, [holds his fingers together in
a circle] there is a perfect circle carved out of the flat blade of the ax.
It's about medium size, it's not like a tiny little hole nor does it take up
the whole blade but a medium-sized hole in the flat blade of the ax, which is
the most shimmering dark, dark metallic steel gray ax. It's a very dark gray,
extremely reflective and at the very end you see that Zoseph takes like huge
tongs and takes what looks like a kind of liquid metal, this like almost, it's
so dark red that it could be black almost, tongs it out of a holder and drops
it into the hole in middle of the ax. It lands in the middle and [buzzing]
hovers in the center of the hole and as it does so you can like heft the ax up
more easily. You see, that Zoseph explains,

Zoseph: The way the ax works basically is the faster it's moving the more mass
it gains, it becomes heavier as you swing it but as it slows on the upswing it
will decrease in weight again.

Brennan: So you have this crazy physics ax. Go ahead and take this [hands Zac
an item sheet] if you'd be so kind.

Lou: Wow.

Zac: Heavy metal ax, you want me to read it or?

Brennan: Read it, baby.

Zac: “The heavy metal ax is made of adamantium. You have a plus one bonu to
attack on weapon rolls with this magic ax. Additionally the heavy metal ax has
the following properties: anytime you attack with advantage this weapon scores
a critical on 19 and 20.”

The whole cast “oohs” in awe.

Zac: “Ignores damage thresholds, hardness, and damage reduction. Any hit
against an object is considered a critical hit,” [looks confused for a moment]
wait, any hit against an object, object, “is considered a critical hit and
does maximum damage.”

Emily: Oh.

Siobhan: Nice.

Emily: Sick.

Zac: “If you miss an opponent with two or more attacks in the same round any
additional attacks made against them that round are made with advantage and on
a hit automatically deal the attacks damage to an object of your choice the
opponent is holding, wearing or carrying.”

Brennan: Cool, so you crit more easily objects. You could chop trees down, cut
through walls and shit like that, and anytime you like if you miss someone
twice in the same round all the rest of your attacks, including opportunity
attacks, have advantage and you can effectively just absolutely destroy
shields, swords, anything they're carrying.

Zac: Ho-ho-ho.

Ally: Sick.

Emily: Cool.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Gorgug: [picking up the ax] This'll do.

(cast laughing)

Lou: “This'll do.”

Brennan: Dope as hell. Incredible. Or I guess actually it's probably like
late, because you guys headed out to the forest, what time of day did you guys
head out to the Nightmare Forest?

Ally and Murph have a crosstalk conversation about Riz’s tie video during
Brennan’s previous paragraph.

Lou: Early.

Brennan: Early?

Emily: First thing in the morning.

Lou: We woke up after the shrimp party.

Murph: We do have the video of Kalina.

Emily: Yeah, we should watch that.

Murph: I guess we want to get Kristen better first.

Soibhan: Yeah.

Murph: So why don't we, I guess until we have the tincture.

Brennan: Cool, so I think you take a long rest that full day as you're like
helping to build your ax, you have your bass.

Ally: [whistles and pats Lou on the shoulder] Nice one, that Heroism, man.

Brennan: Yeah. Huge.

Lou: Yeah, dude.

Ally: I love you, man.

Lou: Always.

Siobhan: Can I take the time while I'm making sure Kristen's okay to work on a
spell for Ayda?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely! You can go ahead, give me an Arcana check.

Siobhan: Great. Can I have Boggy help me?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Siobhan: Dirty 20.

Brennan: Dirty 20.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: I will say you make two days progress in a single day.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: And you should spend some amount of gold on material components for
that but we can cover that later.

Siobhan: We can figure that out.

Brennan: So you rest in the van the whole day Kristen. At the end of it you
get your spell slots back, so it's like evening by the time you finish this
long rest. What's going on in Kristen's mind while this is all happening?

Ally: I think I'm definitely crying a lot because Tracker's in the forest but
I'm listening or I'm not listening to this blasting music 'cause I'm deaf by
my own hands.

(laughing)

Ally: Yeah, I'm just kind of in the back seat of a non-magical van and I can't
hear anything and I'm wearing a mask so I can't see anything. So just in that
silence I'm just kind of thinking like that is the love of my life, okay
interesting.

Brennan: You reach out for your spells. Where do you feel, your Spirit
Guardians have left you. Tracker is in the woods. You reach out to get your
spells back, give me a Religion check with disadvantage, which just means it's
going to be a flat roll.

Ally: Okay. [rolls, looks, and whispers their answer] That's a 10.

Brennan: 10, okay. Kristen reaches out for her cleric spells. Who are you
praying to? What are you praying to right now?

Ally: That's a great question. I am, I think I'm praying to not knowing but
not in the like pretentious way?

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Not in a there are no questions shut up, or like there are no answers—

Brennan: Shut up about it.

Ally: Shut up about it, but in a like, there are no answers and that's great.
Abundance in there being no answers.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You reach out for your spells. You regain your spell slots
at the end of the long rest and as you do, make a Perception check for me.

Ally rolls their check. Seeing it, both Ally and Murph put their hands to
their faces, and Ally giggles a little.

Ally: [whispers] It's a 1.

Brennan: Nat one, cool. Your spells come back to you. [poof!] Cool.

Ally drops their whole head into their hands.

Ally: Shit.

Brennan: It is late, it is late evening. What are you guys, as you guys come
out of the Tinkerer's Hall you guys see this new insane… [buzzing] The ax as
you hold it has, it's not this light, it's very soft but does have a [humming]
like buzz to it.

Zac mimes weightlifting with the ax.

(Brennan laughing)

Fig: Oh can I try it, can I hold it? Agh!

Gorgug: Kind of heavy I guess.

Brennan: So you guys all come together. What do you guys do as you, as you
come together again?

Murph: Do we have the potion?

Brennan: You have the tinctures.

Zac: Can I try the tincture to make sure--

Ally: Yeah, I guess.

Zac: We have so many.

Ally: I take a tincture.

Brennan: Okay. You take one of the tinctures. You're not seeing any illusions
right now so nothing sort of fades—

Ally: Do we have that photo?

Murph: I hold up the picture.

Brennan: You cannot see Kalina in the picture.

Murph: Just to double check, nobody got reinfected, show everybody the
picture. Can I see it?

Ally: I'm onto you bud.

Brennan: You cannot see it.

Lou: None of us can see it.

Emily: Can Gilear see it?

Brennan: Gilear cannot see it.

Emily: Can Baby see it?

Ally: [to Murph] You have something where you can see through Illusions,
right?

Baby: Ooh, I can't see it.

Ally: Some sort of glasses or something?

Siobhan: Oh, you're thinking of the mirror from Hell.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Murph: Oh, I do. The truth seeing thing. Yeah, I have a little shard of
mirror.

Brennan: You pull that mirror out. As you do so, you see that there is like a
cracked fractured thing to it and you're looking around and seeing like white
fog and stuff and you realize you're seeing the ethereal plane. This stuff is
made of some kind of outerplanar material. It appears that it does not work on
the Prime Material plane.

Murph: Got it.

Gorgug: I just thought of something. Remember that mean ranger?

Riz: Yeah.

Fig: Yeah.

Gorgug: Do you wanna ask them if they can Detect Disease on us?

Kristen: Oh.

Fig: We could do that. Is anyone else kind of itching to get back in though?

Adaine: Yeah, I do wanna get back in.

Kristen: I mean, yeah of course. All of our girlfriends are in there.

Riz: Do we want to see the footage of Kalina?

Gorgug: Sure.

Adaine: Yeah we might not be able to see her though, 'cause none of us can see
her now.

Fig: Let's give it a spin.

Gorgug: Well let's give it a shot.

Adaine: I guess post it anyway.

Fig: On our way to the forest.

Gorgug: Can we plug into the crystal while she can't see us?

Kristen: She was pretty real in there though, right?

Adaine: That's true.

Kristen: Like you could see her?

Murph: Yeah, I also have, so the the way my thing works is I can do either
Detect Magic or Detect Evil and Good while watching it. Should I do Detect
Magic or should I do Detect Evil and Good?

Siobhan: I think Detect Evil and... Whew, but Detect Evil and Good is like
against celestial and fae and stuff—

Murph: Magic might be good because then maybe we can find out what she's doing
exactly.

Siobhan: Right.

Murph: Wanna do that?

Siobhan: But it's so weird because like she's not really either.

Zac: We found she's a disease, right?

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: She's evil, right? She's like a demon.

Zac: So maybe Detect Evil?

Siobhan: Detect Magic actually didn't work on her before.

Lou: Yeah.

Murph: Okay. Let's try Detect Evil and Good, I wanna watch the footage and do
Detect Evil and Good.

Brennan: Okay, one note about the the necktie is that you have to have the
effect running as you are recording, not as you're processing it.

Murph: Got it.

Brennan: If that makes sense. But I will allow you to say that you did it with
Detect Evil and Good. As you look at Detect Evil and Good, the only presences
that are coming up on the footage, Kalina is nowhere in the footage. But you
do detect celestial on Tracker, you do detect celestial on Kristen.

Murph: Hmm. Okay. How often can I use it?

Emily: Well why don't we upload the video and see what people's reactions are
to it?

Ally: We gotta do that.

Emily: 'Cause there are people who are infected in the world.

Siobhan: Yes. I think that we should do that.

Emily: Let's upload the video and see what people say to it.

Ally: So two videos on our thing is a viral shrimp party and then just the
forest.

Lou: Yeah.

Emily: Just the forest.

Gorgug: Should we make a website?

Fig: Kristen, do you and Tracker—

Adaine: [to Gorgug] For sure.

Fig: Do you Tracker consent to your likeness being used in this video?

Kristen: We do.

(Brennan laughing)

Fig: I think we should upload it, see what people say.

Riz: Okay.

Brennan: Okay, are you taking the full because the footage is extremely
gruesome. It's like Kristen being attacked and other stuff. Are you gonna take
like a smaller clip of--

Emily: I wasn't there during this moment so what is the moment?

Murph: I was, I saw her specifically. I was like looking in the water.

Emily: So what is the moment that you wanna use, is there a moment that you
would condense it down to?

Brennan: There's a moment like before Tracker started turning that it's just
Kalina talking to you.

Murph: Yeah.

Kristen: Well maybe keep Tracker turning in it, just one more piece of info or
maybe she would be embarrassed by that.

Riz: Are you aware you’re a werewolf?

Fig: That's what I'm saying, is Tracker, yeah.

Kristen: Yeah, nevermind, she's not here to speak for herself so yeah cut it
off right before Tracker.

Riz: Why don't we make it like yeah, ASMR puddle.

Fig: Okay. We upload it as ASMR.

Kristen: That's really funny.

Brennan: I'm going to need a social media check from Fig.

Emily: Would that be Performance or Persuasion?

Brennan: I'm gonna say that that is—

Zac: [looks directly into the camera] Or survival?

(Ally laughing)

Emily: Or Deception.

Ally: Right to camera.

Siobhan: Don't you have plus five to Performance with your ax? Or, your
guitar?

Brennan: I'm gonna say that this is actually social media Performance
Persuasion… I'm gonna say it's Performance.

Emily: Okay.

Fabian: Hey and just in case, Spring Break, I believe in you.

Fig: Thank you!

Emily: And then I since I'm carrying my ax, do I get a plus five? Or, carrying
my bass?

Brennan: Yes, you do get a plus five.

Emily: So I have a plus 14 to this.

(Ally laughing)

Emily: That's gonna be an 18 and then a 22.

Brennan: 22, Incredible.

Emily: [to Lou] Thank you for that.

Brennan: By the way is anyone gonna give the help action?

Zac: Oh yeah.

Siobhan: Sure.

Emily: Okay. That's way better. Okay so it's gonna be a 25 plus four, 29.

Brennan: A 29.

Fabian: Our social media presence is incredible.

(laughing)

Brennan: So you're on Gorgug's—

Emily: Following a shrimp party with ASMR, baby.

(cast laughing)

Ally: ASMR shrimp party.

Brennan: What social media profile, are you using Fig and the Cig Figs?

Emily: Yeah, I'm fully destroying the brand in the name of this.

Brennan: So many angry emails from Lola Embers, but you upload it and fully
like not even 20 minutes later you and what do you say in it? What do you say
in the text of the thing?

Ally: Ooh, ooh, write something like “wait for it.”

Lou: Oh yeah, make it like a puzzle or something.

Ally: So that they'll have to watch the whole thing.

Murph: Can you find Kalina?

(gasps)

Ally: Yeah!

Emily: I think I'm gonna say can you find Kalina.

Brennan: Can you see Kalina?

Emily: Let's do this, everyone will think that were teasing--

Zac: It's like a Laurel Yanny kind of thing.

(cast laughing)

Murph and Siobhan: #CanYouSeeKalina?

Siobhan: “I don't get it, she's right there! What is everybody talking about?”

Zac: Comment if you can see.

Siobhan: It's just a puzzle!

Ally and Lou: Yes, yes.

Ally: Like if you can see Kalina.

Zac: Comment Kalina if you can see Kalina!

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: Guys, it literally 10 minutes later on fantasy BuzzFeed there is an
article saying, "You won't believe this crazy video from..."

Ally: Wow!

Brennan: “Wow!” It goes super viral. Yeah, you see people start seeing it like
and you see the vast majority of people are like, "lol, what is this?" And
then you see people start responding over and over, there's like you know one
out of every couple hundred, it's like there are people like, "Oh, my god I
see the whatever" and—

Ally: Oh!

Fig: Do you feel this Kalina? Do you feel this?

Gorgug: Take a picture of that picture and then also type in “those who know,
know.”

(laughing)

Kristen: Do it, do it, post the photo too.

Riz: Somebody post, I'm very unpopular online. Somebody else take the picture.

Fig: Here, I'll continue.

Ally: You post the photo of Riz's dad, right?

Brennan: Incredible, so you guys it goes super viral and it's such a weird
crazy thing that it just blows up. Cool. That is an incredible success. What
do you guys do now? It's late into the evening.

Adaine: I feel like I should Scry on them but I only have one Scry, so like I
feel like I can either Scry on Tracker or on all of the others.

Gorgug: Do we know—

Fig: I have Ayda's feather [holding it up] so you can be able to scry on her
better if she's being held against her will.

Adaine: Right.

Kristen: Do it. Yeah.

[soft piano music]

Siobhan: Would Scry tell me the location or would I have to deduce from what I
saw?

Brennan: [sighs] You would have to deduce from what you saw.

Fig: Unfortunately if you're gonna scry on her feather it doesn't leave my
hand though.

Kristen: I understand.

Fig: Is that okay?

Kristen: [crying a little] I fully understand.

Fig: Is that okay? I just can't.

Ally: I have like a little tuft of Tracker's hair.

Kristen holds up Tracker’s hair, sobbing quietly.

Fabian: Is this what it's like it when you fall in love?

Kristen: [wailing] Yes!

Lou: Okay.

Gorgug: [seriously] This is exactly what's it like.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: As Fig and Kristen weep, I'm gonna go ahead, so Adaine if you wanna
cast Scrying on someone, go for it. As you guys weep for a second though
Kristen you get a, so you already cast that Greater, oh no, you used one of
the tinctures on yourself, cool. So you have four tinctures left. As you're
crying over Tracker, and see how horrifying it was as she left, just feel this
emptiness of longing powerlessness and you have this memory of being at church
for Helio when you were a little kid and being wrapped up in a blanket by your
mom, being wrapped in like a shawl of hers and knowing for a certainty that
nothing bad was ever gonna happen to you because Helio had chosen you. And
there is a deep emptiness in how wrong that was.

Ally: [whispering] Ohhhhh, God, I...

Brennan: And Fig, you, as you're weeping and holding the feather you hear the
whispers come back again. They are biting and critical and omnipresent. Make
an Insight check if you'd be so kind.

Emily: 13.

Brennan: You have been a College of Whispers bard for a long time. The main
ability of that subclass is the ability to take on the visage of another
person. That is an ability that plays into some of your deepest insecurities
and oldest fears. You on a 13 Insight realize that these magical whispers
you're hearing that allow you to capture someone's face and do all this stuff
and be somebody else, the whispers are you. The voice you're hearing over and
over again is your voice.

Fig: Well then maybe I should just stop talking to myself.

Brennan: You try and the whispers come back like redoubled almost. They go
like,

Voices: You could try, try to quiet us, try to quiet yourself.

Fig: Okay, well if I can't quiet you then I'll just talk louder than you
because I'm better at being loud than I am quiet.

Brennan: [laughing] I think as, so like the tears are streaming down your face
you feel your skin getting kind of like hot for a second and you feel like
this glyph on your head, you can feel it's like just a little traces around
here. Maybe your friends didn't notice but feel a little bit of trace as
you're like, maybe I should get loud and for a second you find a place of,
it's not, anger's not the right word. You find a place of rebellion and for a
second the voices are pushed back and your skin gets hot in a way that's a
little bit scary but maybe not terrible. And I think Fig, it's like you're
feeling probably a little bit, there's something deeper within yourself to
discover here but you're also standing in a circle of all your friends with a
lot of stuff going on.

Emily: Yeah, I don't usually explore myself in front of my friends.

(laughing)

Emily: I'm very private.

Ally: I'm a very private person.

Brennan: But there's something unexplored here that is lingering. Adaine.

Siobhan: Yes?

Brennan: What are you going to do?

Adaine: Here's what I'm worried about. When you looked for Ayda with the
feather, you couldn't feel her. So I'm worried that Ayda is in a place that is
blocked off from Divination spells.

Fig: Yeah, okay.

Kristen: Just like alive in a different place.

Fig: Yeah, I like that take.

Adaine: I think that maybe she's in a different plane or in some sort of
bubble of protection that maybe Divination can't get--

Fig: Did you notice anything different about it by the way? Is it changed
magically?

Siobhan: Can I cast Identify on the feather?

Brennan: I am so sorry about this. You took out the feather a minute or two
ago.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: So as you take it out now you see it is glowing orange and bright in
your hand outside of the briar wall.

Siobhan: Oh.

Fig: Oh, it works again.

Adaine: Okay. Wait, so can you—

Fig: I'm gonna try to—

Adaine: Yeah.

(clears throat)

Fig: Can I just get a minute, can everyone just go away?

Ally: What is Tracker's hair doing in my hand?

(Siobhan laughing)

Brennan: It's like it smells really good.

Kristen sniffs the hair multiple times.

Kristen: Yeah it's like lavender shampoo, that's all?

Brennan: Absolutely, yeah.

Adaine: Glossy, it's really glossy.

Fig: Well the way this works Kristen is that I'm gonna say her name so you can
try say Tracker's name—

Kristen: Over you?

Fig: With the clump of hair.

Kristen: Okay great, ready?

Fig: Okay, but actually can everyone just look away? I'm just private.

Lou: I'm gonna look straight at it.

Zac: Gorgug's facing the van wall.

Fabian: Okay, fine.

Fabian faces towards the back wall.

Ally: I just look at Tracker's hair. Come on Tracker. Come on Tracker.

Fig: Ayda.

Kristen: Tracker.

Fig: Aguefort.

Kristen: Tracker.

(Emily laughing)

Fig: Tracker doesn't have a last name!

Brennan: Sure she does, O’Shaughnessey.

Kristen: No, I know, but I thought you were saying her name three times.

Fig: No, Ayda just said say my name once.

Kristen: Hilda Hilda. [yelling into Tracker’s hair] Hilda Hilda!

(Emily laughing)

Fig: Ayda Aguefort!

Brennan: You say Ayda Aguefort. Does Adaine cast Scrying?

Siobhan: Well doesn't the feather contact Ayda?

Brennan: The feather does contact Ayda. You sense a link between the feather
and Ayda that would makes scrying even easier.

Emily: Oh, so it didn't, I thought it was gonna summon her.

Brennan: It did, she said it would.

Fig: [very softly] Ayda. [waves the feather around]

Adaine: I'm so sorry but there's four of them with Ayda.

Kristen: No of course, yeah I understand.

Adaine: And Tracker I trust—

Kristen: Yeah, it really sucks but yeah I get it.

Adaine: I know, I know I'm so sorry.

Kristen: Yeah, yeah, no worries.

Siobhan: Okay I'll cast Scrying on the feather.

Brennan: Adaine extends her orb out in front of you and you're holding the
feather and you see a reflection of yourself in Adaine's orb. Adaine's eyes go
white, her hair lifts up, you're holding the feather in front of you, it is
glowing so brightly.

[gentle string chord]

Brennan: That is not the right music.

Emily: I was gonna say I think she's doing okay!

Murph: She’s on vacation!

Siobhan: This beautiful romantic moment.

Lou: Just on a beach.

Emily: [fake-offended] Wait, is she hooking up with my mom?

Zac: [fake strumming] The guitar.

Emily: Mom!

Siobhan: Your mom really gets around.

Murph: Is that a Sandals Resort with Sandra Lynn?

Emily: Sandra Lynn come on, leave one person for me.

(cast laughing)

[dark, mysterious ambience]

Brennan: In the orb you see a part of the forest, in pitch darkness. If a
human were looking into this they would see nothing. You guys are seeing, are
peering with your dark vision into the orb. You see webs of vines and this
maze of trees. You see off in the distance a blue-skinned eight and a half
foot tall angel that has a puka shell necklace, huge wings spread out behind
him, being strangled by vines spread up like in a spider's web. You see that
the vines have gone into his eyes, into his mouth, into his nose, are pulling
it open and he is suspended there. That is in the background. In the
foreground, Ayda's celestial heritage puts her in this horrifying gallery of
captured angels. You see her with vines all around her. You see the vines have
not gone into her eyes because they would burn upon contact with them, but you
see that her hands are bound and her mouth is, they haven't gone into her
mouth but it's wrapped around the lower half of her mouth. So you know, no
verbal somatic components, no spellcasting. You see that she is furiously
weeping and as you hold the thing and say Ayda Aguefort, you see that little
empty spot in her wing glows and you see that as it does she [strained
grunting] and you see some of the vines snap and then wrap around and push her
wrist back down. She's holding something in her hand and you see she's trying
just like so defeated but not giving up, moving something back to her mouth so
that she can speak into it. There's a very small little earring in her hand.

Emily: [very quiet] Is there blood on it, does it look like it was ripped out
in a really painful way?

Brennan: It looks like it was ripped out in a really hasty, painful way.

Emily: Cool, I open up the--

Fig: [yelling] We're going back in guys! We're going back in right now!

Kristen: Why do you look so happy, it's like very manic.

Fig: What? Because I just saw, look first off you don't want to scry on
Tracker, don't do it. Second off, does everyone have everything, because we're
going back in.

Adaine: Yeah, I think we should go back in.

Fig: Right now.

Riz: Yep, ready to go back in.

Gorgug: Okay, let's do it.

Riz: Let's do it.

Zac: I just remembered that, look, I go to the Tincture’s Hall, to the
Tinkerer’s Hall and I'm like,

Gorgug: You guys can have the keys to the van, I think the van, maybe I'll
come back and buy it one day.

Gnome: We have a van too?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Kristen: What?

Gorgug: I just feel like I think I told you guys.

Adaine: Happy tinkermas!

Gorgug: I bought it with the money, so it's probably bad. I don't know.

Adaine: Oh!

Gorgug: I think I'm good. All right, let's go.

Emily: If that's the case I guess take my bank account with my touring money
and give it to them as well.

Brennan: They don't have a way of--

Fig: Here's the information. I need to go, okay?

(laughing)

Riz: Let's go, let's go.

Fabian: I don't have time to find papers. Here!

Riz: Laptops for seniors! Laptops for seniors! That's what I give my money to.

Ally: Can I ask the tinkerers if they have a film camera?

Brennan: They don't, they're way behind Solace technology here.

Zac: As an artificer I can make something record a six-second message.

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Zac: That's like magically, so I'm just gonna pick up a rock and put that on
there just in case.

Brennan: Cool, awesome. You give the van away, you get on your thing and give
away, so Fig, who is a famous rock star is zeroed out, other than your
personal effects you are broke.

Fig: [strained] Cool, is everyone all tied up, could we go back into the
forest?

Gorgug: Let's do it.

Riz: Yeah, let's go into the forest.

Adaine: Let's do it.

Brennan: Okay, where are you going into the forest?

Siobhan: Was there any sort of, can I do a Perception check to see if there's—

Emily: Can I use the feather like a metal detector? [waving it back and forth]

Siobhan: Yeah, is there anything from that that I could maybe use to
triangulate their position a little bit within, like, the sun's position or
the way that the moss is growing on the trees or something like that.

Brennan: There's nothing from the outside that's gonna let you peer inside the
forest. The only lead you have is that temple, that there is a temple and
that's the only place that you know goes further in, that would help you.

Lou: To the temple?

Siobhan: Temple it is.

Zac: Temple.

Ally: Let's do it.

Siobhan: Temple it up.

Brennan: The Hangman takes you to the edge of the forest. And,

Hangman: [solemnly] Master, Bad Kids, fare thee well in the forest of the
Nightmare King.

Brennan: You walk through the open portal. As you enter, you see that a flight
of ravens in the trees as you guys walk through takes wing and flies off
deeper into the forest.

Siobhan: Damn.

Ally: Can we--

Emily: As we're walking along I'm just gonna keep playing my Countercharm.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: How many ravens were there? Can we try to shoot them?

Brennan: You can get one or two, but the flock flies off.

Emily: They might just turn into spider webs.

Murph: Yeah. Let's just keep moving.

Lou: Yeah.

Ally: What about that bird though?

[Zac laughs]

Lou: You mean the vulture?

Emily: Are there any vultures?

Ally: There's something up, something up with those.

Lou: Never trust a bird.

Siobhan: How big is the forest? Like if I cast Locate Creature, its duration
is an hour and it senses creatures within a thousand feet of me.

Zac: That's running out from where we were.

Brennan: This forest is—

Siobhan: It's huge, right?

Brennan: Larger than the nation of Solace.

Siobhan: Okay, so like pretty big.

Brennan: Pretty big.

Siobhan: All right. I won't cast it yet.

Brennan: You guys venture into the forest. I'm gonna need a group Survival
check.

Siobhan: [whispers] Oh no.

Ally: Okay.

Siobhan: Can Boggy give me the help action please?

Brennan: Yes he can, Baby can also grant the help action.

Ally: [seeing Murph’s roll] Eyy!

Murph: Nat 20!

Lou: 19.

Siobhan: Dirty 20.

Emily: Dirty 20.

Zac: 12.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: Awesome. You guys know your correct direction, so you will travel one
of the two days it takes to get to the temple. You travel there. The first
night, I'm gonna need, are you guys, like what do you do? Are you making
shelter?

Fabian: Oh yes, we don't have any sort of protection from our nightmares.

Fig: I have to be honest, you guys should just tie me here. I am apparently a
really easy mark for Kalina.

Fabian: Well and I also jumped into the waters outside of Leviathan.

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: So it just feels like maybe—

Riz: It's kind of bad for all of us.

Adaine: Yeah.

Fig: Okay.

Kristen: I don't have anything.

Fabian: Maybe we sleep in halves?

Fig: Yeah, let's do that and then we can tackle each other's bodies.

Fabian: Exactly.

Riz: Cool.

Fabian: Gorgug and I should sleep separate.

Ally: Can I before we go to bed cast Greater Restoration on Adaine?

Brennan: Sure, what for?

Ally: I'm gonna get it again but I just don't fully trust that we're actually
healed.

Brennan: Oh, gotcha, cool, cool, cool. So like before you go to bed to regain
the spell slot.

Ally: Yeah, I'm about to regain that spell slot anyway so might as well just
keep—

Zac: We don't know if we're gonna have an actual full night's rest.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, that's true.

Ally: You’re right.

Murph: Do we wanna figure out how we wanna split up this potion, this
tincture? Because we have four of them.

Emily: We have four.

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Murph: So I'm good at hiding so if I feel like I should have at least one
'cause I could yeah probably avoid a lot of stuff.

Emily: We've got Ragh, Sandra Lynn, and Tracker. Is there anyone else who
needs one?

Murph: I mean between us--

Ally: I'll definitely take one because I would like to find Tracker and just
feed it to her.

Siobhan: I could take one just because my jacket, I feel like that it's harder
for them to like—

Emily: Get stolen.

Siobhan: Right.

Ally: How much you think a dart gun would be? Would I be able to get that out
of your jacket?

Emily: Ooh, so you can dart it?

Murph: I have a tranquilizer dart.

Ally: Because she's, you know?

Brennan: Riz you could absolutely swap out the poison dose in one of your
tranq darts.

Ally: Yes, that's what we do for her.

Emily: That's cool!

Ally: 'Cause maybe if we see her running--

Murph: Should we do it all four of 'em?

Ally: I mean we could make a bunch of darts with one of them maybe.

Emily: That's a good idea.

Brennan: Actually Riz, you and Gorgug, if you have the tinctures here if you
want to use your tinker tools check, I will let you attempt to like, as part
of like a short rest as you're like bedding down for the night attempt to make
some tranq darts out of these tinctures.

Murph: Do you wanna do three, we'll leave one just in case.

Ally: Yes, yeah, yeah as a backup.

Zac: Can someone help me or?

Siobhan: I can help you.

Emily: Yeah, I'll help. Bardic Inspiration!

Brennan: Obviously there's a tremendous advantage to having tinctures in a
dart but also the risk is if you miss, you shatter a tincture against a tree
somewhere.

Siobhan: Right.

Murph: Oh, that’s true.

Brennan: So very very useful--

Murph: Maybe we just want two.

Ally: Two, yeah let's do it.

Lou: But we could always use it--

Ally: Honestly we only need one, right?

Zac: 6? Plus Bardic Inspiration.

Emily: Yeah. It's a d8.

Zac: A d8.

Brennan: DC is 15.

Siobhan: Oh, we're about to rest-- Oh, you got it.

Zac: So I got 18.

Brennan: So that first night you're able to make one--

Murph: Okay, let's just do one for now.

Emily: Let's just do one.

Brennan: Cool, so you have one tincture bullet.

Murph: Three doses and one bullet.

Ally: And I'll keep my Greater Restoration, I won't do it. Just in case we
don't sleep all the way.

Brennan: So you guys get--

Emily: Are there any rubies around?

Brennan: Not that you can see.

Ally: Hey, do it anyway.

Emily: I'm gonna do it anyways. [laughs]

Siobhan: An earthquake happens, we all die.

Brennan: So, you guys bed down for the night. You guys have bed rolls and
stuff but you don't have your Ranger with you, you don't have Tracker to make
a Moon Haven, so I'm gonna need a group Survival check to make a shelter.

Lou: Okay, making a shelter.

Fabian: Hey Gorgug, spring break, I believe in you.

Gorgug: Hey, thank you.

Emily: Dirty 20 again.

Zac: I have a dirty 20 as well.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: I'll also give out some Bardic Inspiration.

Siobhan: Ooh, nat 20.

Ally: What is this?

Brennan: Nat 20?

Emily: Bardic Inspiration for both of you.

Brennan: I really wanted to give you guys some levels of exhaustion and I
can't do that. You guys remember a bunch of classes in the earlier part of
sophomore year from like the Ranger teacher getting an assembly like, "Now you
won't always have a Ranger with you, so it's important to know you gotta get
your body warm." You're like, okay.

Kristen: She was so hot.

(Emily laughing)

Kristen: I remember everything she said.

Fabian: I don't think I went, I think I skipped it.

Fig: I don't think I went.

Brennan: No levels of exhaustion, however I do need to know how you guys are
sleeping.

Fabian: Shifts of three?

Fig: Ok. Shifts of three.

Riz: Yeah.

Fabian: Me and you shouldn't sleep at the same time.

Riz: 'Cause we may, okay.

Fabian: Just 'cause I could probably do the best of holding you down.

Riz: I'll stay up first because maybe I'll record you guys with my necktie
while you guys are—

Kristen: What man?

Fig: Okay, creep.

Riz: Not like that.

Kristen: You're gonna stay up and record us while we sleep.

Fig: I'm gonna go on the first shift, just know I fail these a lot.

Fabian: Can I give you a bardic before I go to bed?

Emily: Will that work?

Brennan: Yeah, you can do your bardic.

Emily: Okay, I'll give you Bardic too.

Lou: Oh, look at that, I guess we're exchanging Bardics.

Emily: What's up.

Zac: Then I'll sleep in the first shift.

Lou: Okay good, yeah.

Siobhan: And so you'll stay up?

Fabian: So spring break, I believe in you.

Gorgug: You already gave me one.

Fabian: Hey, spring break, I believe in you.

Riz: I have one, thank you.

Ally: So we’re the three staying up.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: So for everyone to get a full eight hours of rest, okay cool. Who are
the first four to go to sleep, raise your hand.

Ally: First three.

Brennan: First three to go to sleep.

Lou, Zac, Emily raise their hands. Zac puts his down after a second.

Lou: Oh wait, I thought I was going.

Brennan: Okay, you go, one other person.

Ally: You, oh no wait, sorry me. You can record? [to Murph]

Brennan: Okay Kristen, Fabian, and Fig. I'm gonna need all of you guys to
leave me a Wisdom saving throw.

Ally: I've written down that I have advantage on that, is that from something
before, maybe someone gave me that.

Zac: Did Baby help you or?

Brennan: I don't think you have an ability to give advantage on this.

Lou: I gave you so--

Emily: Yeah, I did and I got all six.

Murph: As they fall asleep I'm gonna do Detect Evil and Good on them.

Emily: I got a 10.

Lou: I also got a 10.

Brennan: You got a 10, you got a 10.

Lou: Fuck me.

Siobhan: I'm gonna give Fig a 16 Divination roll because I'm about to fall
asleep.

Emily: And it turns into a 17.

Brennan: 17.

Lou: 10.

Brennan: 10.

Ally: 19.

Brennan: 19, cool.

Emily: Did you add my Bardic?

Lou: I did.

Emily: Okay.

Lou: Hey at least this is just me.

Brennan: Fig, you're sleeping and you're having dreams. You are looking ahead,
you're in like hot red cave like dragon's lair or some pit of hell. You hear
voices all around you, your voices again.

Voices: Wow, looks like Ayda's not having a very good time. Wonder if your mom
would be sad that you didn't scry on her. Probably. Hmm, maybe Gilear's fine
back in Arborly. Probably not though.

Fig: Okay and what would you have done differently?

Brennan: A 13 year old Fig Faeth walks out from behind the corner, pink
cardigan, a like sunflower-patterned skirt, no horns on her head, just a happy
young wood elf walks out and says,

Younger Fig: I wouldn't been in the situation in the first place.

Fig: Yeah you would have, because your forehead’s about to burst.

Younger Fig: [mockingly] Wow, oh my forehead’s about to burst. Listen, maybe
you should consider the fact that there are, like, variables and constants.
Everyone in your life has bad shit happen to them. What's the thing they all
have in common?

Fig: Aguefort Adventuring Academy.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Go ahead and I'm gonna say give me like a Wisdom saving throw.

Emily: Ugh. [snaps] 19!

Brennan: This is bullshit, this is you as little kid. You can feel that there
are, you feel the glyph clawing in on your forehead. You can get out of here
if you want, you don't have to take this shit.

Fig: The thing is, that I am happier than you are. You may talk like you think
you know what's up but you are so much more confused than I am. I am the
truthful version of me, you are just honestly a poor idea of someone else.

Brennan: She bursts into flame. Fig, you gain the Cutting Words ability. And
your previous class feature [snaps] vanishes. The rocks crumble and you are
standing on a blasted plain under a sky of fire. You feel a deeper
understanding start to come to you, and you hear a voice you haven't heard in
a long time.

Gorthalax: [rougher than usual, almost a whisper] Hey there, kiddo.

Fig: Are you okay?

Gorthalax: I'm far away. My power is being used by other people.

Fig: I know. I'm really sorry I'm the one who did it to you.

Gorthalax: No, no sweetheart you didn't. I love you so much, I'm so proud of
you.

Fig: I got the bass that you got me for Christmas.

Gorthalax: It's for your birthday!

Fig: My birthday is on Christmas, remember?

Gorthalax: It's not your birthday or Christmas, it's spring break!

(laughing)

Brennan: He says,

Gorthalax: Your birthday so, you opened it, well I guess it's better for that.
Don't shatter the ruby that I'm in.

Fig: Why?

Gorthalax: Well 'cause there's a contingency effect in here if you shatter the
ruby, someone's got to come into the gem with me and break this curse and then
shatter away.

Fig: Okay. I have just the person to help make that happen.

Brennan: You see he says,

Gorthalax: Really, who's the person?

Fig: [awkwardly] Cool, it's someone that I met.

Ally: Cool?

Gorthalax: [chidingly] A cool someone that you met. Hey sweetheart? Say no
more.

(Ally and Emily laughing)

Brennan: He looks at you and you see he says,

Gorthalax: So much of my feelings of guilt are about how much the course of
your life was impacted by just me being your father. Your horns, being a
Tiefling."

Fig: Gorthalax, I gotta tell you I'm really starting to dig the horns.

Brennan: He looks at you and says,

Gorthalax: Have you ever questioned where your power really comes from?

Fig: Like you mean Hell?

Gorthalax: Hell.

Fig: And being a devil. Yeah, I mean it's crossed my mind but it's kind of one
of those things that I don't want to dig too deeply because--

Brennan: As you say “don't want to dig too deeply” you begin to hear,
[whispers] those whispers come back.

Fig: Ughhh. Okay, just tell me where does my power come from?

Brennan: Gorthalax speaks and says,

Gorthalax: Tyranny, domination, conquest, all the virtues of Hell. These don't
have to be yours.

Fig: [whispering, relieved] Oh god, thank god.

Brennan: You see he says,

Gorthalax: There is something earlier than this that all the devils of Hell
have forgotten. I was a fallen angel. The devils of Hell forgot what started
their desire for power. What started their desire for domination.

Brennan: You see that he looks back and says,

Gorthalax: Fig, you don't need my permission to define what Hell means, you're
an archdevil.

[cheery rock music]

Gorthalax: You get to decide.

Emily and Siobhan smile and headbang to the music.

Brennan: And what you see in the distant past at the birth of the Great Wheel
is the very first angel that fell from grace as the gods of light cast them
down, flew back and went,

Angel: [double middle fingers] Fuck you!

Brennan: He says,

Gorthalax: Being a devil before all this bullshit meant rebellion and it
hasn't meant that in a long time and it can still mean that.

Fig: There's a lot of rebellion in this one, so I think I can help redefine
that.

Brennan: You see ancient histories that like the current government of
archdevils has done its best to erase, which was before even the existence of
the Prime Material or at the dawn of the Prime Material. It was perdition, it
was angels that wanted to rebel against the light that were cast into fire and
then developed evil as like a response to that. And you see that all of this
hellish knowledge comes. I think that Fig has never really questioned where
her powers come from. Obviously like Kristen uses Wisdom and that's all about
a fucked in the head quest for like religious meaning. Adaine like literally
gets it from books and you do this deep thing of like innate magic and you
realize that like, your power has never come from your bloodline from your
dad. That's like a cool part of your history, it's something you can embrace—
comes from rebellion. Your power comes from your ability to literally
magically flip the cosmos off.

(Emily laughing)

Fig: You know, people say rebellion's a phase, but it's a lifestyle for me.

Brennan: You transmogrify your subclass to College of Lore.

[various whooshing noises]

Fig: Counter spell, counter spell, counter spell. Ha!!!!

Brennan: As you guys sort of like shift and awaken, cool. We come back to
Sylvaire, as we do Kristen, Fig, Fabian you guys wake up. What do you guys do?

Kristen: [sleepy] Okay, tag, you guys are it.

Fabian: Yeah, go to bed.

Adaine: Okay.

Kristen: [to Riz] I’m gonna take a nice video of you.

Fig: Good luck in there, I just had a freaking great time.

Fabian: Really?

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: Honestly yeah, nothing super bad happened.

Adaine: The tie looks really good over the tie dyed shirt.

Kristen: Thank you so much.

Ally: I'm just wearing Riz's tie over my tie dye shirt.

(laughing)

Brennan: Fabian, go ahead give me a Perception check with advantage.

Lou: Oh, okay, that's normal.

Ally: Kristen doesn't look good in the tie.

Lou: Perception?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: 15.

Brennan: Cool. As other ones are sort of like bedding out a little bit you can
see like, it looks like Boggy the owl has sort of noticed something off in the
forest and you see a tricorn pirate hat there.

Lou: How far off is it?

Brennan: It's like literally, like anyone could see, you could like walk 10
feet and pick it up.

Fabian: Adaine, do you see that—

Brennan: Sorry that doesn't, Fabian doesn't say Adaine. That was all a ruse to
get you to walk away from everybody. Fabian is fully possessed and walks,
begins to walk through the forest.

Zac: Are we asleep?

Siobhan: Are we asleep?

Murph: Who's awake right now?

Brennan: Well everyone's awake 'cause this is happening as the guard is
shifting.

Adaine: [to Gorgug] Can you jump him?

Gorgug: Fabian?

Fig: Hey Fabian, what's up? What's going on?

Fabian: There's a hat, there's a hat.

Kristen: Someone just needs to grab him.

Zac: I'm just gonna grab him.

Fabian: Hey, let go.

Ally: I grab too.

Fabian: I wanna get the hat. Hey, I want the hat!

Brennan: Fabian, go ahead and attack Gorgug for me.

Emily: Oh!

Murph: I'm gonna shoot him with the net bullet.

Lou: That's only a 14.

Brennan: I'm gonna need you to take both attacks on him.

Lou: Great, that's a 14. Which dice are rolling the worst? And then that is a
23.

Emily: Cutting Words! Right, can I do that on the attack?

Brennan: On the 23 it would work. Sorry, on the 14 attack.

Zac: My armor class is 14.

Brennan: Yeah, he hits Gorgug on both attacks. But if you do Cutting Words you
automatically cancel the first attack.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: So you guys that went, the next one's 23, that hits. And I'm gonna
need you to load this up.

Lou: How hard?

Brennan: As hard as you can.

Lou: [nervously] Okay.

Zac: Can I go into a rage?

Brennan: On your turn you can.

Lou: Do you want me to use, do you want me to use maneuvers and such?

Brennan: Use maneuvers and such.

Lou: Great.

Siobhan: Wait, he got a 2 on that second roll.

Brennan: Oh! So Fabian attacks twice, nothing happens. Gorgug, go ahead and
give me, you can go into a rage now, and give me an opposed Athletics to
grapple Fabian.

Fabian: [yelling] I want the hat! I want the hat!

Kristen: Do we have a tranquilizer?

Riz: That’s Jorjudge! That’s Jorjudge!

Gorgug: It's just a hat!

Adaine: It's just a hat man!

Zac: That's a 26.

Brennan: 26, cool, give me an Athletics check opposed.

Lou: Come on man. I don't want to do well but I don't want to look lame that's
all. Oh, that's a 17.

Brennan: Cool.

Riz: Gorgug, you kicked his ass. Thank god you’re stronger than him.

Brennan: Spellcasters and other people, what are we doing?

Fabian: [struggling] I want the hat!

Murph: I want to shoot him with the net.

Brennan: Shoot him with the net, I think in the grapple you would hit Gorgug,
go for it, roll an attack roll.

Murph: Actually I think creature, oh so I need to hit first, got it.

Zac: Oh, I'm just gonna lay the ax down on top of him.

Siobhan: Lou, what’s your strength?

Ally: Oh!

Lou: My strength is 14.

Brennan: You lay the ax on top of him, Fabian you are restrained under the ax.

Fabian yells, painfully.

Murph: Do I get advantage?

Brennan: You do get advantage, yeah.

Murph: Sweet, 22.

Brennan: Definitely hits. Oh you guys see a fucking net explodes out of Riz's
gun, wraps around Fabian and entangles him under the ax. You are full done.

Fabian: [sadly] I want the hat.

Riz: No hat, Fabian!

Siobhan: Can I do a Arcana check? Is this a magical effect on Fabian?

Brennan: Yes, it is.

Siobhan: Oh okay, can I cast Dispel Magic on him?

Brennan: Yes, you can but you're gonna have to give me a raw Intelligence
check to do so.

Emily: Can, I, Bardic Inspiration?

Zac: I'm raging so much.

Gorgug: Stop it, stop it you dumb asshole!

Fabian: I want the hat!

Gorgug: You're an idiot, there's no hat.

Fabian: [yelling] Let me have it! Let me out!

Riz: You're trying to kill Gorgug for a hat!

Emily: Can I Bardic Inspiration this Intelligence check?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Emily: Bardic inspiration, add a d8.

Siobhan: Great. 18.

Brennan: 18 successfully does it.

Fabian: Ow! What, take this ax off of me.

Adaine: Fabian, why are you looking for a hat in the forest?

Fig: What’s with the hat, stop talking about the hat.

Fabian: What are you talking about?

Riz: You tried to kill Gorgug.

Adaine: For a hat.

Fabian: No I didn't, what, no?

Adaine: You were possessed.

Fabian: What?

Fig: You kept talking about a hat.

Riz: Yeah, it's not even like you saw him as some evil person, it's just you
thought you saw a hat and then tried to kill one of our friends.

Brennan: You, Fabian you didn't have any control over your actions. The spell
was making you act like you, all of the like find the hats stuff, that was the
spell. You don't have an experience of willingly doing any of that.

Siobhan: Can I do an Arcana check to see if this is an effect of the forest or
if somebody cast the spell on him?

Brennan: Oh, give me a Arcana check.

Siobhan: Great, can I use Boggy to help?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: Thank you. Oh that’s cocked. [rolls] 24.

Brennan: 24\. [sighs] The spell was cast on Fabian, it was not an ambient
effect of whatever. Look you know what this is, this is what was happening to
you guys in Solace. The only reason, the only thing that's changed, you don't
think this one is the forest. You think it's stronger in the forest, but this
was what made Fig capture that—

Adaine: You have Faerie Fire, right?

Fabian: I do.

Adaine: Can you cast Faerie Fire and see if there's anybody invisible?

Fabian: I mean if you'll untie me from this net and take this big ax off me,
yes I will.

Fig: I'll get the ax.

Kristen: I'll get the ax.

Adaine: Okay, I'll get it.

Both Fig and Adaine uselessly pull at the ax.

Ally: How strong do you have to be to hold the ax?

Zac: 17. [smiles, a little smugly]

Fabian: Is there a general direction you'd like me to cast it in?

Siobhan: Is there a general direction that I would like him to cast it in?

Lou: 20 foot cube.

Siobhan: Oh, it's only a 20 foot cube. Boy.

Murph: That's not gonna do much.

Zac: The direction the hat was in?

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: Yes, can I use this sheet and cast Faerie Fire in the direction of the
hat?

Brennan: You cast a bunch of sparks out from your elven battle sheet and...

Fabian: Well we can't all have a big, ax alright. Some of us have a battle
sheet.

Fig: Oh wow, your battle sheet's really heavy.

Fabian: Yes.

Gorgug: I guess I don't understand what a battle sheet is but—

Fabian: Well—

Brennan: A million elves, thousands of miles away are so offended right now.

Adaine: I like the sheet.

Fabian: This is a proud history.

(Emily laughing)

Brennan: You cast Faerie Fire, nothing, you don't see any creatures in it.

Siobhan: Worth a try.

Lou sighs directly into his microphone.

Brennan: Again with that 24 Arcana check. This is what worked on Fig. And your
mind goes back to the fact that Riz on that first night before you guys
started being careful, before you started doing Moon Haven stuff, before you
started taking care of that kind of thing, Riz didn't get possessed... but Riz
also didn't go to sleep that night and instead got attacked by something
physical.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: You're not sure what that means here, but in any case you guys have
used some of your resources. Now obviously a couple of you guys are waiting to
take a long rest but the three of you that woke up that used anything like
Bardic Inspiration or other stuff, that was used. But your stuff mostly comes
back on a short rest, right. So you'll be okay. Cool, next three go to sleep.
Give me some Wisdom rolls.

Zac: Do we still have those Bardics?

Lou: You have one.

Emily: I had three left and I'm gonna get a short rest, so I give each of you
one.

Lou: Yeah okay, well yours are better than mine.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Can I just be underneath Gorgug's ax as I sleep, as I trance.

Brennan: That will be very painful and uncomfortable and not allow you to
trance.

Siobhan: Okay.

Murph: Alright, Wisdom?

Siobhan: Can Boggy help me?

Brennan: Boggy can help you, yes.

Zac: D8?

Emily: D8, yeah.

Murph: Good lord.

Siobhan groans in worry.

Zac: I got—

Emily: Add the Bardic.

Ally: Do you have a d8?

Murph: Yeah, I don't think it's gonna help though.

Zac: I got a 24.

Murph: Good lord.

Siobhan: Well.

Murph: It's a 7.

Siobhan: I got a 15.

Brennan: You got a 15, cool.

Emily: Something tells me there's gonna be a couple more hats.

Siobhan: (laughing) So tempting, they're so cool!

Brennan: You guys wake up. Through the night in the Nightmare Forest nothing
happens. As you guys move through and again, I think you guys are taking a lot
of care on that, you had a bunch of nat 20s on that thing so you're like
heavily disguised, you're like up in the canopy somewhere. You've like made
sure because you know this forest is dangerous but I will say, even as bad as
it is here you know from what your visions have been that you're still in the
entry-level easy mode version of the Nightmare Forest. [sighs] You guys all
wake up. You're all fine.

Fig: So you guys slept well? Feels good?

Gorgug: I actually slept pretty well.

Ally: You especially Riz, you slept well?

Riz: I feel like I, everything’s feeling good.

Lou: I walk up and just slap Gorgug really hard.

Fig: Wait, are you possessed again?

Fabian: No, I just wanted to make sure you weren't. You good?

Gorgug: Why did you do that?

Fabian: I don't know, I don't know, I just want to make sure you're okay. You
all right?

Adaine: [flatly] Wow Fabian, you're so strong.

Gorgug: We could have had a conversation.

Fabian: Okay, I'm sorry. I woke up underneath an ax in a net.

Siobhan: Wait, are there spells I should stock, oh, god.

Brennan: Cool. Adaine got a full trance in. For everybody else unless you're
taking like many multiple hours to sleep in shifts, you're not really getting
a full night's sleep. Just give me literally a DC5 Constitution check.

Lou: Me included?

Brennan: Fabian, included, yeah.

Murph: All right, little beans.

Emily: Ooh.

Ally: Ugh.

Emily: I got it.

Murph: Hey, that's a 17.

Emily: I got 18.

Lou: 9.

Brennan: Cool. Great, great, great. So. Yeah. So you guys avoid exhaustion.
These rolls will become harder as you don't get full nights of sleep. You guys
continue, go ahead and give me Survival check for the next day as you venture
deeper.

Lou: How'd the beans do?

Murph: Bad.

Emily: Dirty 20 again. Now wait, I can't reroll your thing.

Zac: I got a nat 1.

Emily: Is it too late to give them Bardic Inspiration after they roll?

Murph: We did a bad job over here too.

Siobhan: Yeah, I got a 9.

Ally nods, with a nervous look on their face.

Brennan: I would allow you to give--

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Well it's a nat 1, I don't know if that matters.

Murph: I got a 5.

Brennan: You got a nat one as well?

Ally: No, I have a 7.

Brennan: 7.

Emily: Bardic could save you.

Ally: Yep.

Emily: Take a Bardic.

Lou: I got an 11.

Ally: D8.

Siobhan: I got a 9.

Lou: Geeze Louise. Wink, wink.

Ally: Aye, there we go. Oh no, that's not.

Siobhan: 14.

Ally: It's a 13.

Brennan: 14, 13.

Lou: 18. Excuse me 19.

Brennan: 19, what did Riz get?

Murph: 5.

Siobhan: Oof.

Ally: 13.

Lou: 19.

Brennan: What did Adaine get?

Brennan: 14.

Zac: 1.

Emily: Dirty 20.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: I have plus 5 but it's no.

Brennan: Did you roll that with advantage?

Emily: I did yeah because of--

Brennan: Because of Baby, gotcha. You guys are not going the wrong way but you
don't make the smartest decisions about how to get through the forest. It
really slows you down, like the sun rises and falls. If you want you can
either allow more time to get away from you and just make shelter and try
again the next day or you can push through the night.

Murph: I think let's press on.

Gorgug: Let's just keep going.

Lou: Agreed.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay.

Kristen: Hey Riz, do you think that maybe I could carry the gun with the
antidote in it? Just I'm really looking for Tracker as we walk around like
maybe she'll run past us at some point and I can try to nail her.

Riz: Sure, do you think you would be able to hit her?

Fig: Riz might be better to aim guns.

Kristen: Or maybe we can just make a code and I'll say like the code word.

Riz: Yeah.

Kristen: How about the code word is Tracker.

(cast laughing)

Riz: Okay. Tracker, shoot her!

Gorgug: Can't you just use your spell?

Kristen: Huh?

Gorgug: Can't you just use your spell?

Kristen: No, I mean she might be like running full werewolf speed so like a
dart gun would definitely hit before--

Brennan: Cool, you guys press through the night. Give me another group
Survival check.

Emily: [impressed] Ooh.

Murph: 13.

Emily: 22.

Siobhan: 16.

Zac: 16 as well.

Siobhan: 16.

Lou holds up a single finger.

Brennan: Nat 1, 16, okay, group check makes it. Now the last thing I'm going
to need from you guys as you push through the night is another Constitution
check. This time it's a DC10.

Emily: Is this something I can use Baby for?

Zac: Is it a saving throw or just a check?

Brennan: This is a saving, a Constitution saving throw.

Lou: 12.

Murph: 17.

Zac: 18.

Siobhan: Yeah, I can use Boggy or?

Brennan: You can use Boggy for this, yeah.

Emily: Oh yeah.

Lou: Oh yeah.

Ally: 21.

Emily: 18.

Siobhan: 16.

Brennan: Everyone beats 10?

Zac: Yes.

[spooky piano music]

Brennan: Cool, great. You guys push through. You're pushing yourselves, it's
good. You didn't get a lot of sleep last night. This forest is really hard.
You've been like marching through the woods all day. You push through the
vines and see a large temple in front of you. It is made of not hewn stone,
it's not mortared together. It is literally domes of like boulders and smooth
flat rocks bound by roots and trees. This was shaped by druids. It is a
sprawling hive of rocks and natural wood. You see the large rooted archway and
you see that over the archway is a shattered plinth as though something that
stood above the doorway here was taken down long ago. You see bones litter the
forest floor around here and as you look at them you see they are centuries
old. The earth having mostly swallowed them up, just hints of white coming up
from the earth. As you walk you see that all of the bones are arranged
ceremonially. If you had to guess whether these bodies were brought here or
whether these people simply laid down here and died you would guess the
latter.

Emily: Can I do some sort of check to see if, once we get closer if they're
gonna come to life?

Brennan: Go ahead and make a, you can make an Arcana or a Religion check.

Emily widens her eyes in a dubious expression.

Ally: Can I also make a Religion check to see if the thing that was broken
down from the archway, if it was the moon goddess’s sister that's like
unnamed.

Brennan: Give me an Religion check, yeah.

Emily: I did get a nat 1.

Brennan: These things are not going to pop up. They already popped up. They're
in hiding right now.

(Emily laughing)

Fig: Everyone, shh, be quiet but there are skeletons everywhere.

Fabian: What?

Murph: Can I do an Investigate check to try to see if there's any signs of
Tracker around, like any signs of werewolf.

Brennan: Yeah, give me an Investigation check.

Zac: Can I look at where the plinth, the plinth is not the statue itself that
was broken off?

Brennan: You don't even see a statue. The plinth is just the base of it.

Zac: Gotcha.

Ally: 12.

Brennan: 12, because you just said it to me, yes. The church of Helio is all
about taking down false idols, but you think this one was taken down by its
own followers in whatever cataclysm happened during... after they destroyed
their goddess and during the aftermath of the last Sylvan war and then the
rise of the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: Are these, can I tell from the skeletons if these are high elf or
wood elf?

Brennan: You'd have to start excavating some of them.

Siobhan: Oh, they're like in, here like underground? I can’t just like—

Brennan: They're centuries old so the ground like just like foliage has
created soil around them.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Brennan: But you can look more. Actually any—

Siobhan: Oh, can I cast the Identify spell on one of these skeletons is that,
it's an object.

Brennan: It is an object, yeah. But identify will only work if it's a magical
object so if it's just normal remains, it won't work.

Emily: That'll tell us if it's a skeleton maybe.

Murph: I got 19 on Investigate.

Brennan: You see from the exact direction you guys just walked in, three sets
of footprints walking in here. A couple days old.

Emily: Oh.

Siobhan: Oh. Okay.

Brennan: You see they are halfway to the door, are joined by a fourth set of
footprints.

Siobhan: Are they cat prints?

Murph: Or are they your dad?

Siobhan: They could be my dad, they could be the Nightmare King.

Ally: But we lost three friends, right?

Lou: True.

Murph: That is true too.

Siobhan: That is also true.

Ally: Three friends who would maybe be walking.

Siobhan: Are they bird prints, what?

Brennan: They are boot prints. They are not paws or talons or anything.

Emily: But we don't see footprints coming out?

Brennan: On a 19 Investigation you do not.

Zac: Did that fourth set of prints come from the circle of skeletons?

Brennan: The fourth set of prints simply appears, which is a clue in it of
itself.

Murph: Okay, that would be a wizard or--

Emily: Teleportation, flying.

Siobhan: Well, but you can't teleport in unless you have the permission of a
devil.

Emily: But they have Gorthalax in a gem.

Ally: And they have the gem in that person’s—

Siobhan: But don't you need to use the gem to get through the wall so I don't
think that they would be able to get somebody in using the gem.

Emily: I think they're controlling a devil's will.

Ally: Yeah because you're, we don't know but.

Brennan: I mean you guys can make an Arcana check about it if you'd like to.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: I’ll do one, in case I crit. [rolls] I don’t.

Siobhan: There's a 24 again.

Brennan: Teleportation doesn't work like direct travel. It interacts with
dimensions in an interesting way. So you think that because a Teleport doesn't
move from one space to another in a line that in other words, opening a
barrier would, if Killian was able to open the briar wall he would have been
able to open an allowance for a teleportation, a Dimension Door, a Plane
Shift, something like that.

Riz: Didn't your mom saying that letter like--

Adaine: Yeah, come and join me. Yeah.

Kristen: Okay.

Adaine: Yeah, which I'm assuming is my dad but there was no clear—

Riz: That's true, that's true.

Adaine: I mean I don't know if my dad is dead. Or it’s just another random
person.

Ally: Can I howl just as loud as I can?

Siobhan: No.

Group: No.

Siobhan: Absolutely not.

Emily: I give Kristen a help action to howl less loud.

Brennan: You can howl if you'd like. You guys see the tracks going into the
temple.

Riz: Let's just go into the temple.

Adaine: Let's follow the prints.

Kristen: You don't want me to howl really loud, because what if Tracker hears
me?

Emily: I will give you a help action.

Zac: Then the werewolf will come.

Murph: Please don't.

Siobhan: I could cast Locate Creature on Tracker to see if Tracker isn't
within a thousand feet of here.

Ally: Yeah, please.

Murph: And then we can walk into the temple.

Ally: Okay, yeah, yeah.

Murph: Cause it’ll last for a while.

Emily: Yeah, because if we rendezvous Tracker and heal her—

Siobhan: Yeah, it's concentration but it lasts for up to one hour.

Murph: Let's do it.

Zac: You can do it on your family too.

Siobhan: Yes, but it's only one person.

Ally: You could do it on your fam, that makes more sense.

Murph: Do it on your mom?

Brennan: Who are you casting it on?

Ally: Your mom.

Siobhan: Yeah, I'll do it on my mom.

Brennan: Cool, you cast locate creature for your mom. Wherever she is she's
beyond a thousand feet. These tracks are a couple days old.

Riz: Okay shall we head in?

Fabian: Are we stealthing in? Or are we just walking in?

Ally: Yeah, let's stealth in a little.

Riz: Do you guys want me go ahead and then I can give you guys a signal?

Ally: Yes. I have disadvantage.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: I have advantage on Dex saves just in case that matters.

Murph: Cool.

Zac: But I only have plus 1.

Murph: I mean I have really good stealth.

Zac: Yeah, yeah.

Emily: I don't have good stealth.

Murph: Cool.

Lou: We'll be right behind you.

Kristen: Can you hand me the antidote darts?

Riz: Just a potion?

Kristen: Just one potion.

Gorgug: I think you should just let him keep it.

Adaine: You have Greater Restoration.

Gorgug: He's gonna be a way better shot.

Kristen: I'm just thinking what if he disappears and then I see Tracker.

Emily: How about we—

Gorgug: Who has them, who has them?

Murph: I give out the potions. All I have is the one dart.

Riz: If I see Tracker, I will shoot her. I promise.

Kristen: And I'm not gonna howl.

Riz: Okay.

Fabian: Don't howl.

Siobhan: And Boggy can help you with a stealth check.

Brennan: Riz is gonna stealth in?

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me Stealth, my dude.

Murph: Should be good at stealth.

Ally: With the beans?

Zac: I can't believe you.

Brennan: Give me the beans! Give me the beans boys.

Ally: You're a mad man.

Lou: Yeah!

Murph: That is a 28.

Emily: Ooh yeah.

Brennan: Riz is a shadow. Go ahead and give me an investigation check.

Ally: Ooh.

Murph: Okay, not gonna push my luck with the beans on this one. That's a nat
20!

(cheering)

Brennan: You guys are, on a nat 20 Investigation you case this place in like
well I don't know, like eight minutes. You guys are outside for about eight
minutes, just like tense looking around. Riz on a 28 stealth and a nat 20,
which how high is nat 20 Investigation for you?

Murph: That is a 30.

Brennan: Which is the DC for what they say are nearly impossible tasks, so you
go in, this temple is completely ruined, like the book you found in the
Compass Points Library indicated this place used to be a temple of all the
tribes of Sylvaire could come to, centaurs, treant, sprite, and wood elf.
Outside you guys now see that the bones, some of them are tiny, like birdlike.
These are the bones of fairies. Others are large and worn, these centaur
skeletons. And you look around you see by the way none of the trees around
here have leaves on them. They're all just like, empty and then realize these
are not trees, these are the dead bodies of treants. These are living trees
that came here and died. You find a room in the center that has a burnt brick
of ash that you recognize as dusk moss. A ritual took place here. On a nat 20
investigation you know that dusk moss has hallucinogenic properties, dreams
and illusions are partially real here. There's a bunch of arcane writings here
that you can't read, there's other like spell shit that happened here but you
know a ritual happened here and the tracks lead through the maze of this
temple towards what was a direction that was almost impossible for you guys to
go in. You think that there's like another level of defense into the forest
moving past here that this ritual kind of like allowed them to unlock. On an
nat 20 investigation as well, you see that there is a chamber off to the side
of this place that has a, what at first looks like a skeletal horse but an
extremely graceful sort of like slender horse and then you see that there is a
horn coming out of the front of its head. The skeleton of this unicorn is
filled with webs and you see egg sacs of spiders all throughout its body. This
creature died looking at a portrait of a woman in a black gown with flowing
black hair. You look up and see that a blast of magic struck the stone where
the face was and there is just a white chalky crater where the face of this
being should be.

Murph: I guess I will—

Brennan: Oh sorry, last thing. Stacks of tomes and books have been left in
that chamber where the ritual was performed.

Ally: Oh.

Murph: Cool. I'm definitely gonna use the necktie. I get 20 minutes of audio
and video, I definitely want to get the picture and I guess I want to get the
runes of the magic spell or whatever was done.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: And then I want to come back with a bunch of books. (laughing)

Kristen: Huh.

Fig: Wow. Go shopping?

Kristen: Did you go shopping?

Riz: There was a dead unicorn with spiders in it pointing at a faceless woman.

Adaine: Were you okay?

Riz: And people were doing drugs in there. Yeah, I'm fine.

Adaine: Okay.

Riz: It was weird.

Adaine: What are these books?

Riz: I don't know.

Adaine: Can I look at the books?

Kristen: Yeah, can I look at the books too?

Siobhan: Before we open them let's do an Arcana check on the books.

Emily: Oh yeah, let's do like an Insight to see if they're bad.

Brennan: Give me yeah, give me what's the Insight?

Emily: 10.

Brennan: They are bad in that they are dusty old nasty books of what looks
like kind of evil magic.

Fig: If anyone has asthma.

Siobhan: 19 Arcana check.

Brennan: 19 Arcana check. On a 19 you're gonna need like more time to look at
these and really unpack them.

Ally: Can I do a Religion?

Brennan: You would need to, a lot of this shit is research that was missing
from your mom's research you got back from Calethriel tower. You would need to
go to the chamber to see which of these runes they actually used otherwise
these books are just so dense for you to look through.

Fig: This is a strange question.

Riz: I didn't see anyone alive in there.

Fig: You said that there was like a face that was destroyed?

Riz: Yeah.

Fig: Were there pieces of it on the ground, could we mend it and put the face
back together to see what looked like?

Kristen: Should we go in there?

Riz: I didn't see anyone but I was pretty sneaky. Nobody would have seen me
but we could try, I didn't see anybody in there.

Adaine: I mean my mom isn't within a thousand feet of here so I don't think
that they're still here.

Fig: How would they have gotten out though? Is there a back door or something?
Let's look for footprints leading in a different direction.

Riz: It looks like they hallucinated and because dreams are real here they
would able to go somewhere else so I think—

Adaine: But we have the moss, right?

Riz: Yeah, we can do the same thing.

Fig: They lucid dreamed themselves somewhere else?

Kristen: If we look through all these books and see if maybe they tell us
exactly what to do.

Riz: Yeah.

Gorgug: Okay.

Fabian: We're gonna do drugs?

Fig: Doing drugs in a forest where dreams are real sounds really— [whistles]

Adaine: I think that only I should look at the books because if the books are
dangerous I'm the best at reading magical books then it's just me who's done
it. If I get messed up by them then you can help me, if more than one person
looks at them then I just want to keep us safe.

Riz: Cool.

Fig: That's cool.

Brennan: So you guys go towards the chamber where the ritual took place. Off
of this is the chapel, is the place that had the image of the goddess. Adaine,
go ahead and give me another Arcana check if you'd be so kind.

Emily: When Adaine is going through the books, can I Countercharm just, she
can't get charmed or anything like that.

Siobhan: I have advantage on charm but I, fear is bad for me.

Emily: I'll play it just make you feel bold. It’s your favorite song.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: You see your friend Adaine there reading these books very selflessly
being like, I want to do this scary thing alone so that none of you get hurt
and you look up and see your friend Fig who has got your back as always and is
playing her bass.

Siobhan mimes a tear in the corner of her eye.

Murph: And I have my net gun pointed at you.

(cast laughing)

Brennan: Riz displaying friendship in Riz's own way.

Adaine: I see you and I appreciate you.

Brennan: As they're doing that in the chamber, Kristen, go ahead and give me a
Religion check.

Ally: Cool. [rolls, looks up and smiles at Brennan] Guess what?

Brennan: What's that?

Ally: [grinning smugly] What do you think?

Murph: [finger guns at Brennan] What do you think, dude?

Zac: Just guess.

Ally stands up and points at their die in its box.

Ally: What do you fucking think!

Murph: [yelling] Guess, dude!

Brennan: [shouting] On international DMs day! On international DMs day!

Siobhan: [pointing imperiously] Crunch it up. Crunch it up, bro, crunch it up.

Ally: Yeah, I'm letting you tell your story.

Lou: Honestly you still got that d12. Why don't you suck on it a little bit
longer.

Siobhan: Suck on it a little!

Murph: International DM day?

[laughing and cheering, a lot of loud crosstalk]

Murph: Read out whatever you prepared dude 'cause we figured it out!

Brennan puts his earlier discarded edible d12 back in his mouth and does,
indeed, suck on it a little.

Siobhan: I hope it's got dust all over it.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: [primly, to the camera] I put it on a piece of paper and there's a
little bit of paper on it.

(cast laughing)

Ally: Aw, I'm sorry.

Brennan: So you get a nat 20 Religion check. You're in the chapel, you guys
are in the, so one, two, three are in the chamber. Fabian and Gorgug, there's
a lot of other places in this complex, there's like hallway, there's a place
at the back of this chamber, where are you guys positioned at?

Lou: I think I keep looking at Gorgug in all of this and I'm just like,

Fabian: What should we do? I just think there's nothing to hit.

Gorgug: I can lock down this hallway a little bit.

Fabian: I mean I can lock down that other hallway. I can make sure nobody
comes through.

Adaine: You two are both so unwise.

Brennan: Cool, so one of one of you pick which of you is posting up at the
hallway leading out of the chamber and which would use posting up in the
hallway kind of like in between the chapel and the other one.

Zac: I'll do leading out.

Lou: Okay. I honestly wanted to go catch a peek at that weird unicorn thing so
I'll go back to the chapel.

Zac: That thing creeped me out.

Lou: It is so scary.

Brennan: What was that Arcana check, one more time?

Siobhan: 21.

Brennan: 21\. You look through here, you discern the ritual and in so doing
crack the secret of the four curses, the four transubstantiations. You know
what they all are, you know. This ritual allows you to back engineer what
every single one of them is.

Siobhan gasps, sits there wide-eyed for a moment, and slightly shakes her head
in shock.

Lou: [impressed] Damn.

Brennan: As you are sitting there studying.

Kristen: You should read more.

Adaine: [manically] Books are cool.

Riz: Yeah.

Brennan: What your mother was able to do here, what you realize is for any of
you guys, Illusion magic past this point, the two days of traveling have been
at the border of the Nightmare King's Forest. As it goes in the thing making
it stronger is the tree. The broomstick, it is at the center of the forest and
it creates these concentric circles where the curses overlap and make each
other stronger. The two days of traveling through here have been a place where
illusions become partially real, past here they become like even realer.
That's also true for you guys, like in the way that made Kalina almost kill
Kristen. If you were to cast Disguise Self here it would actually be the
effect of an Alter Self spell. It would be a full transmutation.

Emily: So I'd be more powerful?

Siobhan: Amazing. What Illusion magic do I have? [flips through her spells]

Brennan: In other words if you transformed into a thing, if you use illusion
to become something that had like wings, like an aarakocra, you'd be able to
actually fly, right? So Illusion has some ability to actually make itself real
here but that makes the place extremely dangerous. That curse—

Siobhan: Does that mean if I cast Greater Invisibility I just don't exist
anymore?

Brennan: No, because the purpose of invisibility is to literally not be seen.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: So you wouldn't be like--

Siobhan: So nobody but it would maybe mean that people who can see
invisibility, wouldn’t be able to see through it.

Brennan: Yes exactly, right.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Brennan: Illusions are just vastly more powerful here. The ritual that was
done here with the dusk moss was to put your parents and stuff into a state of
lucid dreaming. You don't think it was some kind of way for them to like, gain
mastery over the dream realm or whatever. You think it was an Abjuration. You
see your sister's magic helping here. It's literally like we're gonna lucid
dream so that if something that lives organically in this forest tries to rip
our mind apart, we will be able to just say this is not happening and control
the lucidity of our experience in the forest. It's literally a survival, it's
like I need to be able to partially control the unreal things that are going
to be happening as we go deeper into the forest.

Siobhan: Is this something that I can do or is this just an Aelwyn thing? Like
is this if I—

Zac: We have the stuff.

(Siobhan sighs)

Lou: We have the drugs.

Siobhan: We have the drugs.

Brennan: You could it potentially do it, you would have to research and have
the time to do it.

Siobhan: Here is some fuckery. [laughs]

Brennan: Give me the fuckery.

Siobhan: Illusions here are real.

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: I have Illusory Script. If I were to write a spell using Illusory
Script in this forest, would that make the spell real?

Brennan takes a deep, disappointed looking breath, then puts his hands
together as if in prayer.

Brennan: What I need from you (players laughing) is a DC, I'm gonna say this
is an incredible piece of fuckery. I'm going to need a DC30 Arcana check.

Siobhan: Great. I literally can't get that so I would have to—

Emily: Bardic.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Siobhan: And can I, can I have Boggy help me?

Brennan: Boggy can help you.

Ally: Can you have two Bardics?

Lou: Yeah.

Siobhan: No, no.

Ally: Can you stack Bardics?

Siobhan: I don't think you can.

Brennan: You can't stack Bardic, yeah.

Zac: That would be broken.

(laughing)

Brennan: A party of bards would be virtually unstoppable.

Lou: Bang, bang!

Zac: Everyone at 80.

Brennan: Yeah.

(Siobhan laughing)

Murph: [pointing at her die] Guaranteed nat 20. You got it.

Siobhan: What?

Murph: It's nat 20, you got it.

All: [overlapping] Guaranteed nat 20.

Zac, Murph, and Lou put their arms out to give Siobhan good roll energy.

Siobhan: What? A guaranteed nat 20. You’re saying that I'm guaranteed nat 20?

Murph: We're guaranteeing it.

Siobhan rolls her die and shakes her head, sucking in a breath.

Ally: Not too bad.

Emily: Bardic, add that d8.

Lou: What is it at?

Siobhan: I can't get it. No, I can't get it.

Zac: Don't sue us.

Brennan: You see it is a, you think this is a trick you can try again, not for
this spell.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Effectively what's going on here is it is not, like the premise of
the idea is absolutely accurate. It literally comes down to like Illusory
Script still requires you to write something down. So if you were to like,
“write down the ritual for the spell I would need”, a scroll would appear
saying the ritual for the spell I need like you still would need to know what
to put on it in order for it to exist.

Emily: Can I see that Adaine tried this and it feels like she failed and maybe
is feeling sad and then cast Phantasmal Force. “You craft an illusion that
takes root in the mind of you see within range,” and I want to, I mean I don't
really have.

Zac: Make her think she did it.

(cast laughing)

Emily: I guess I just want to make her think she did it.

Brennan: A momentary burst of triumph comes over you.

Adaine: I did it!

Brennan: And then immediately.

Adaine: Oh.

Murph: Aw.

Emily: Can I try it again and then just make a unicorn she can have?

Siobhan: What!

Brennan: Moving on. (cast laughing) A tiny unicorn prances around. Is very
real. But what I'm gonna do now is tell you the rest of these curses real
quick, which are the familiar that was turned into plague, you know, that
Kalina.

Siobhan: Yes, Kalina.

Brennan: There are four schools of magic associated with them. Kalina's is
Illusion. We know that. Powerful Illusion. She seems to be the thing
controlling the Illusions that live within the forest. Right?

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: The next one is the spell book that was turned into a coin, that is
Enchantment. You connect the Enchantment school with the possessions you've
been seeing. The coin went to the hoard and the hoard has something to do with
the ability for people to receive, to be possessed, to be dominated. So all
that Enchantment stuff has to do with the coin. The coin is the thing that
produces that Enchantment effect. That appears to happen when you go to sleep.
You also think that it only works while you're asleep, which is why when Riz
didn't go to sleep he didn't get potentially possessed and also that if you
guys had to with no Moon Haven and no Hallow spell, you could potentially just
never sleep while you're in here and it wouldn't be an issue. You're risking
levels of exhaustion but what you're not risking is getting possessed.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: There is the cottage, the sanctum that was turned to the cottage.
That has to do with Abjuration magic, right? By the way, all these are
associated with the gifts that one of the tribes got from them, so like the
cat was a hero, like the wood elves who are all about the dexterity, agility
of combat and war. The sprites were all like dream magic and stuff like that.
The cottage was something that was a holy place to like the centaurs who lived
here, that's Abjuration magic and what you see is as you go deeper into the
forest there is more control. You realize that the cottage appeared to the
celestials you brought with you. It's like a giant magic circle. It's the
thing that is Abjuration magic protection against other forces trying to come
into the forest. It's divine magic. So there are, like, things that are gonna
prevent certain levels of spellcasting as you go deeper and deeper. Then there
is, the last one is the tree, which the broomstick of the tree that was
revered by the treants, that has to do with the scariest curse you learned
about thus far and it's the one you haven't encountered yet. The forest beyond
this point is alive and it will change the paths of itself to lead you away
from the center based on the degree to which you feel or don't feel fear.
Meaning the more confident you are that you are going in the right direction
and that you are safe in doing so, the more it will turn you around back the
way you came.

Emily: So we have to be afraid as we go in? We have to follow our fear.

Brennan: You have to be more and more afraid. You have to literally follow
your fear. Kristen, you get a nat 20 Religion check. What are you thinking as
you look at the goddess?

Ally: I want to know who she is. Like I want to know what the school of
thought was, why she wants to be hidden. Or I guess yeah like who's hiding, I
know who's hiding her but.

Brennan: What you see as you move towards the goddess, destroyed face, you
move closer. You hear a voice in your head,

Voice: [whispered] Why do you search for me?

Ally: [very quietly] Jesus.

[Lou and Emily laugh]

Kristen: I heard that you're the god of praise through doubt and that really
resonates with me with where I'm at right now. I have a lot of praise for you.

[spooky hissing]

Brennan: Fabian, near the doorway.

Lou: Is Kristen in the room?

Brennan: Kristen's in the room. I need you to make a Constitution saving throw
with disadvantage.

Ally: Interesting.

Fabian: Pretty creepy, huh Kristen? It's very weird.

Murph: With his eyes rolling back.

(laughing)

Emily: Pretty creepy, huh Kristen?

Ally: Oh disadvantage. 13?

Lou: One roll to a nat 20. That's pretty crazy.

Brennan: Kristen you're looking up. I'm gonna describe what Kristen sees and
I'm gonna describe what Fabian saw.

Lou: Okay. Saw?

Brennan: Saw. You say “I have a lot of praise for you,” you feel a hiss like
air escaping from ancient tombs. Bitterness, spite, betrayal, rage. You feel
lancing pain. There's something below you, there's something like look down
and as you turn to look down a blood-covered horn is emerging from your chest.
You sway on your feet and collapse because what Fabian saw was that skeleton
in the room stand up, leap forward, and gore Kristen through the heart.

Lou: The unicorn?

Brennan: The unicorn.

Fabian: [screaming] Every-- Ah!

Lou: I run at it, I run, I scream and run.

Brennan: Kristen, you feel the life completely drained from your body.

Voice: What praise will you have in death?

Brennan: The light leaves your eyes and you see Kristen collapse to the ground
dead, as the skeleton of this unicorn turns to face you, it looks into your
eye and only because Fabian is immune to fear does he keep his mind as the
skeleton utters,

Skeleton: You should not have come here.

Brennan: And that's all for this week.

Ally: Okay!

Brennan: On Fantasy High.

Ally: Okay!

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 18: Fearful
Symmetry](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT5ZQ8D-tlWGabunUAg0_LYbZKRDXHVZcF-z8h6c73LpT9v7Z5184iIHakqHv7W3QsDUsE8xa7CiNy3/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650563513460&usg=AOvVaw0R7XvFe3lOI1y8M2kmeFcJ)]

* * *

Edited by: gluegunshots, tevildo, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjowkhhr_qComEk3s7kPxtGvgyVQYGPGwDrtQuZJoa5YK94RytHviRwhjDnBATUV81iGKqnkywahzoAwKqeU:0)

Episode 18: Fearful Symmetry

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 18: Fearful Symmetry

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vScTDIQmtsf2L7uT3BZhxULMd2FPKMjvj7UqFTdfcrtdAAX-
GExlh9lkuRjpXLRBH8Rym3c2gwB9kqS/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650567994862&usg=AOvVaw0IznFpOT4wiK6EucUsuXf4)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSDBNpozKvKjXX77ofJvRIZhfsm9OPViBWG1NkICdki3OSn5HAcoXT_R5twOdGrb2hCYMKAVfxWdIw7/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650567995426&usg=AOvVaw14tUVyYVMiY-
CuO3yGmO5p)] >

Brennan: All right, hello one and all and welcome back to "Dimension 20 Live"
presents "Fantasy High Sophomore Year." I'm your humble dungeon master,
Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me, as not always is only some of our intrepid
heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

All: Hi intrepid heroes.

Siobhan: We miss you, Ally.

Emily: We miss you!

Brennan: When you die in the game, you die in real life.

Emily: Whoa.

Siobhan: Crikey.

Brennan: Gang, this is "Dimension 20 Live." This is a continuing adventure of
the Bad Kids, a group of teen heroes from the Aguefort Adventuring Academy in
the world of Spire who are on their spring break sophomore year adventuring
mission to retrieve the Crown of the Nightmare King. Before we get started
with the recap, a couple things. Number one, a new episode of "Escape from the
Bloodkeep" out this Saturday. Make sure to head over to the "Dimension 20
Show" on YouTube, YouTube.com/dimension20show.

Lou:  Oh, YouTube.

Brennan: So yes, new--

Lou: I was like, y'all got Matt Mercer back in the chair?

All laughing

Brennan: Well, er, new, if you haven't seen it yet, is gonna be coming up at
YouTube.com/dimension20show. Through April you can get 20% off all "Escape
from the Bloodkeep" merch by using the code bloodkeep. Darken the land with
savings! Only two--

Zac: That's the whole code?

Siobhan: That's the whole code.

Brennan: No, no, the code is just bloodkeep. The other part was a slogan.

Siobhan: That gets you into the secret website that's cooler and darker.

Brennan: Exactly.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: Guys, after tonight's show there's only two more episodes

left in the Live season.

Siobhan: That's not enough! What are you talking about?

Brennan: Make sure you tell your friends and family to catch up so they can
watch the final two episodes live! Also, we're in the midst of a global
pandemic, so just in case you haven't heard, wash your hands and stop touching
your face.

Lou: Oh good.

Brennan: For real!

Lou: I'm glad that we're about that here on this show.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: There's a global pandemic, wash your hands, and don't touch your face
as much.

Emily: Now everybody's gonna be watching to see if we touch our faces.

Lou: Can we get a face count going?

Murph: My hand is literally on my face.

Zac: Yeah I was going there too.

Siobhan: I just wiped so much coffee off of my face.

Murph: It's too late.

Zac reaches his hand threateningly across the table towards Murph.

Siobhan: What am I supposed to do, leave the coffee on there?

Emily: Yeah, we all touch each others' faces.

Siobhan and Emily both wiggle their fingers near Zac’s face.

Brennan: Um, guys, last we left off, our intrepid heroes were deep in the
forest of the Nightmare King. They had to escape from the clutches of Kalina
back to Arborly to cure Kristen Applebees of the curse. Working together
quickly and efficiently to save their party cleric, they returned to the
Tinkerer's Hall where they identified the Infaethable Bass and got Gorgug a
sweet new magic axe. Made their way back into the forest all the way to the
Temple of the Unnamed Goddess, where they found many skeletons, including the
skeleton of a unicorn in a chapel to a faceless goddess. Discovering the runes
and scrolls left by Arianwen Abernant in this chamber, Adaine has just cracked
the nature of the four lesser curses of Sylvaire. Knowing what they are, and
what they do, including the most mysterious of the four, the one based on the
tree, which was the broomstick of the goddess, which commands the forest and
turns away would-be travelers, like a labyrinth, from its center, if you go in
any direction but the direction of your greatest fears. This eureka, this
incredible breakthrough, these curses that you've been studying was soon
thereafter followed by an incredible religious catharsis on the part of
Kristen Applebees who managed to contact something beyond, and immediately
thereafter something contacted her by way of a horn through her heart.

Lou: Boo.

Brennan: Boo to me.

Lou: Boo to you.

Emily: Boo!

Zac: Boo!

Siobhan: Boo!

Brennan: It's fine, I'll do all the bad guy stuff so the story happens, and
you can all just boo me.

Lou: Yeah! Yeah.

Siobhan: You love it!

Lou: Yeah, that's what you get paid to do, my guy.

Siobhan: You like it! That's your job. You enjoy it.

Lou: Yeah, sip your coffee and eat your fuckin' dice.

Brennan: All right, all right, all right, all right, so the unicorn came to
life. The unicorn, the skeletal unicorn leapt to its feet and gored Kristen
Applebees through the heart, as she fell dead. This is the exact moment that
we come back to. Fabian shouting as something happens. Fabian, I'm gonna say
that you're the first one to see this, so you are the sort of first to act.
You and this being will roll initiative.

Lou: Great, yeah.

Zac: You and this bean?

Brennan: Being. A big ol' bean will roll initiative.

Lou: 23?

Brennan: 23\. Fabian, you are first to act.

Lou: Perception check, Kristen looks full dead?

Brennan: Full dead.

Lou: Okay. And everyone is, who’s close, like how far am I away from everyone
else in the space of the temple?

Brennan: They are, the chamber is about 15 feet down the hallway, and then
opens up, and in the middle of the chamber about another 15 feet past that are
Adaine, Riz, and Fig, and then past them by another 20 feet is Gorgug.

Lou: Oh will this thing get an opportunity to attack on me if I--

Brennan: It has not closed distance with you at all.

Lou: Okay, great. I'd like to full on I think, not taking my eyes off it, fade
back toward everyone else, just shouting,

Fabian: Kristen has been killed!

Adaine: What?

Gorgug: What?

Fabian: [panicked] Yeah, this dead unicorn. Everybody!

Fig: Wait a second!

Adaine: What the hell?

Fig: Right, Kalina's been trying to trick us. Are you really Fabian?

Fabian: Kristen is dead, come to the sound of my voice!

Lou: And I'm just gonna—

Gorgug: What size shoe do you wear?

Fabian: Don't, not now!

Lou: And I'm not gonna attack it, but I just, I'd like to take the dodge
action and move my, you know move 30 feet back toward everyone else.

Brennan: Oh cool, you take the dodge, move 30 feet back towards everyone else.
You hear the noise of the hooves clattering on stone [hoof noises] And the
temple goes silent.

[soft, spooky ambient chords]

Lou: I think I'm still waiting for everyone to gather.

Emily: I mean, if Kristen's really down we need to get to her within a minute.

Lou: Okay great.

Murph: Yeah, so we run to Fabian?

Emily: Yeah.

Zac: We run to Fabian. Can I make a Perception check from where I am, just in
case?

Brennan: Yeah, you guys can run to Fabian. I'm gonna say that we come out of
initiative, immediately. You go ahead and give me a perception check, Gorgug.

Zac: Right, the green one. Nat 1. I switched dice, and then I rolled a nat 1.

Scoffing and laughing.

Brennan: On a nat 1, you, your heart is beating so fast in your chest that you
cannot hear much of anything. You begin to feel air pressure change deeper
into the passageway past this room, like a little bit of wind moving through
the temple.

Zac: And I was sort of towards the outside, right?

Brennan: Yes, you were in the direction that you believe the people you're
following left through.

Zac: I'm gonna start walking that way.

Brennan: Cool, you are going to walk out of the room with your friends?

Zac: Wait, sorry. I'm walking towards my friends.

Brennan: You're walking towards your friends, away, 'cause you were at the
farthest exit guarding it, and now you're walking away from that farthest
exit, back towards your friends, and the entrance of the temple that you guys
found.

Emily: No matter what, I need to get to Kristen's body and just do a
Perception check on if it's—

Murph: Is the unicorn still over her body?

Brennan: Well, someone's gonna have to run back down the hallway--

Emily: I'll just skateboard to Kristen's body.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: Yeah, we run into the room, at least.

Brennan: Cool. Everyone real quick roll initiative just to see who gets there
first.

Murph: I use Kristen's dice.

Zac: My god.

Emily: 18.

Siobhan: 7.

Murph: I still have my rolls, even though I'm using their dice.

Zac: Rolled with advantage another nat 1.

Murph: I got a 9.

Lou: 14.

Emily: 18.

Brennan: Did you roll double nat 1s?

Zac: No, this time it was a 4 and a 1, just 2 out of 3.

Brennan: Did anyone get above an 18?

Emily: Oh no, I got an 18.

Brennan: Cool, Fabian, you rush through. You rush back, you're the closest to
her, you rush back in, you have Fandrangor in your sheath, in your hand. You
are ready to go. As you do so, you, I'm gonna need a Dexterity saving throw.

Lou: [sadly] Oh, that's sick. That's 15, that's 14.

Brennan: You rush down the hall, turn the corner, and thankfully do not take
damage as you smash into a mirror. The entrance to the chapel--

Lou: That Kristen was in before.

Brennan: That Kristen was in before, you hit the surface of a reflection,
physical shards of mirror glass fall, exposing flat, gray stone behind it.

Adaine: What the hell?

Fabian: I was in that room.

Emily: All right, can I, okay we're playing with illusions, right? Can I
Phantasmal Force an entrance through this door into that room?

Brennan: Hold on one second. Love the pure chicanery of it all. We just gotta
make sure—

Emily: And I only have to do it, so I guess I would do, it only takes root in
the mind of one creature, so I would do it on myself.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Could I intentionally fail my save, or whatever?

Brennan: Can you cast Phantasmal Force on yourself? You craft an illusion that
takes root in the mind of a creature. Difference between a saving throw and a
failed save you create a phantasmal object, creature, or the visible phenomena
of your choice that is no larger than a 10 foot cube, and that is perceivable
only for the duration. So this room was much larger than a 10 foot cube. What
are you trying to create in your mind with this illusion?

Emily: So it was basically you left the room, and then the door went, like the
wall went up? I want to create a door back into that room, that I can use to
go back into that room.

Lou: Perhaps a crawlspace, maybe that's smaller.

Brennan: Cool. You create a door in your mind. The four of you see nothing.
Fig, you see a doorway with pitch darkness behind it.

Fig: Bye guys.

Emily: I go into it.

Brennan: Fig walks straight into the wall. [whoosh]

Lou: So in like a kind of funny way?

Murph: Does anyone have a way for us to follow her?

Zac: Gorgug is going to just walk into the wall.

Lou: Wait, oh, like walks into the wall? Not like, not [hits himself in the
face] like ow.

Brennan: Not Three Stooges style.

Lou: That's what I thought you were describing—

Brennan: No, no, no, I'm talking like Kitty Pryde style, not like Three
Stooges.

Lou: Kitty Pryde style!

Siobhan: I can Misty Step through. Oh god, that's so scary.

Murph: You have to be able to see.

Siobhan: Yeah, you're right, no I can't Misty Step through.

Zac: I wanna go to the wall, but a little over from where Fig was standing,
and just fuckin' hit the wall with my ax.

Emily: Ooh!

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: So that's automatically a crit.

Brennan: Roll to see if you hit. You're still rolling to see if you hit, and
you can obviously Reckless with no worry or anything else.

Zac: Does a 22 hit?

Brennan: 22 hits, yeah. You hit, you hear this, the buzzing of the axe 'cause
this is your first time putting this thing to work. Boom! You cleave into the
wall. As you do so, I'm going to ask you to make a saving throw for the
building.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Zac: What should I? Is it a--

Brennan: You roll a D20. You want the building to survive, and the wall to
take the damage.

Lou: Can I give the building Bardic Inspiration?

[cast laughs]

Brennan: I don't think you know this is happening until it's happening. This
is not a high DC, it's just DC10. The wall gets a plus four. You just need to
roll a six or higher.

Lou: I'm still gonna put my hand against the wall.

Zac: 13.

Siobhan: Lucky 13.

Lou: Jesus Christ.

Brennan: 13\. Okay, you boom! Hit into it. I think your artificer's sense, you
cleave into the wall, cut through a section of it. You know that you're deep
inside of a structure. 13 was not super high. You know that you will have to
make a roll for the building again, but that your next blow will also bring
the wall down. So there's a risk hitting the building again, but you can, if
you want, continue to push through and try to go through to something else.

Zac: Can I see through that--

Siobhan: Can I cast Web? To help shore up this space?

Brennan: Yes, I'm gonna let you, I'll let you do Web. We'll say that Web is
not as much help as giving it full advantage, but it will give plus one to the
saving throw.

Siobhan: Oh, can I help him then? Can I just help him?

Brennan: It's not, he's not the one making the roll. I'm making Zac roll the
building save.

Zac: When I take my axe out, can I see through the axe hole to the other side?

Brennan: No, because this thing is so made of burly thick stones and roots,
it's really you hitting this thing. Like you feel the end of your axe, it goes
from weighing 120 pounds to momentarily having the mass and inertia of a
moving car. Foom! So really, it's like you're gonna take out this section of
wall on the next hit.

Siobhan: Can I just Mending all around the hole so that--

Brennan: I say that and Web will give advantage, yes.

Siobhan: Okay, great.

Gorgug: Okay. So, do we have any other plans? Should I just keep doing this?

Riz: I mean I don’t have any spells.

Adaine: Just keep hittin' it, just keep hittin' it.

Fabian: I don't know we get to the other side—

Gorgug: Can y’all look around, just in case there's—

Fabian: Okay!

Riz: I mean I’ll investigate—

Gorgug: I'm sorry, spring break, I believe in you.

Fabian: No, no it's intense, it's intense.

Riz: Spring break, I support you, we need to find Kristen-

Emily: Can I hear them through the wall?

Brennan: We'll get to you in a second.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Emily: I wanna reassure you guys, but I can't.

Murph: I got a 24 on Investigate.

Lou: I got a 22 Investigate!

Siobhan: Can I cast Dispel Magic?

Murph: That's not a bad idea.

Brennan: You, can you cast Dispel Magic? Dispel Magic, voom. Nothing.

Siobhan: All right.

Lou: Did we find anything?

Brennan: You make, what's your investigation check?

Murph: 24.

Lou: [eagerly] Mine's 22.

Brennan: And yours is--

Lou: Don't write me off. All right, I saw you face straight to him.

[Emily laughing]

Zac: That's pretty good! Definitely two less than his.

Emily: But you probably rolled higher, though, cause his Investigation is—

Lou: It's still less, but I rolled a 19 and I got really excited 'cause I was
like oh maybe.

Murph: [gesturing to himself and Lou, who without Ally are alone on their side
of the table] We got the bardy boys over here, right, right?

Emily: Wait, I like to bardy too!

Lou: Bardy boys!

Zac: Why are you a bardy boy?

Murph: Well, because I'm a Hardy boy, and he's the bard.

Emily: No, we're the bardy boys. [points to herself and Lou]

Murph: But we’re investigating!

Brennan: You're taking another attack.

Zac: I was waiting.

Brennan: Okay, so you investigate. It's a solid stone wall. You know, both of
you guys are able to look and see a solid stone wall. You went into this room
before.

Murph: Yeah... Can I shoot it with my watch 'cause it does radiant damage? I'm
just hoping maybe this evil thing is weak to it?

Brennan: Sure, absolutely.

Lou: Great move, bardy boy.

Murph: Shoot the wall, it's like ah. It's like Riz, the bardy boy!

Everyone laughs.

Lou: The bardy boys are at it again.

Brennan: A laser pops out, hits the wall, doesn't appear to do much of
anything.

Zac: Okay.

Murph: All right, that did nothing.

Zac: Maybe if I break your wa— no. All right, I'm just gonna hit it again.

Lou: All right.

Zac: So 15… 25.

Brennan: 25 definitely hits, you do max damage. Give me a saving throw with
advantage for the building.

Lou: [singing] Saving throw!

Siobhan: [whispers] Okay.

Zac: 15.

Brennan: Okay, great.

Zac: Plus whatever, yeah.

Brennan: [crunching noise] Dense, reeking dust and fog comes out of this
place. Fig, we're gonna go to you now. You move through a dark hallway. I'm
going to need you to give me a Survival check, not to get lost.

Emily: Not to get lost. So does it feel like I'm walking not into that room
that we saw?

Brennan: You're walking through a jet black corridor with your darkvision. You
can see stone. It's not the same shape, it's not leading you to where the
other room was.

Emily: Okay, I do think that I'm very focused on getting to Kristen right now,
so if I'm thinking this is not leading me to where, then I might turn around.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: If I think this isn't leading to where Kristen is.

Brennan: Give me a DC20 survival check to turn—

Emily: [smugly] Will a 21 work?

Brennan looks into the camera like he’s on The Office, just briefly.

Lou: [finger guns] Ba ba booey, ba ba booey.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Bardy boys strike again, dude.

Murph: She's a bardy boy too.

Brennan: You guys, Riz, you guys have your investigation checks. As reeking,
dense just almost like toxic gas begins to come out of this, out of this tomb,
you that made the investigation check on your 22 and 24 do see something. The
shattered mirror shards all over the floor, you begin to see something moving
in them, and you see hands pressed up against them. You see Fig. Shattered
fragments of Fig. You walk back, get to where the door was, and just see
shattered, hanging pieces of mirror glass, and your friends looking up their
legs as they stand over you from the floor.

Zac: Wait, I thought I moved over away from where, was it just a continuation
of the mirror? 'Cause I think I was intentionally hitting away from where she
walked into.

Brennan: That has, the mirror shattered when Fabian took the corner and rolled
that Dex save.

Emily: All right, well then I—

Lou: Can I pick up a piece of the mirror?

Murph: Can we mend the mirror?

Siobhan: Yeah, can I cast Mending on the mirror?

Zac: I have Mending as well.

Brennan: You cast Mending on the mirror. The mirror comes together. As it does
so, Fig, make a Dexterity saving throw for me.

Siobhan: Ah crap.

Lou: [singing] I don't like any of this.

Emily: Okay. 21.

Brennan: The doorway you created with Phantasmal Force begins to vanish. Do
you have an impulse to jump through it, or no?

Emily: Yeah, I jump right through it.

Brennan: You succeed on your Dexterity save, which allows you to leap out of
the mirror. As you see that you [whooshes] Mend the mirror, and the mirror
begins to lose its reflectiveness and just turn into a dark, opaque pane of
glass, like stained glass.

Fig: Okay, we have to get to Kristen. Should we—

Brennan: There's a hole in the wall that Gorgug just cleaved through that is
over from the door, into what the chapel would've been.

Gorgug: Does anyone have a flashlight, or a light?

Murph: I shoot a signal flare into it.

Brennan makes an explosion noise.

Lou: Hell yes.

Zac: That’s cinematic!

Lou: Now that's a bardy boy move!

Fig: We gotta go in! I'm going in as fast as I can.

Murph: Yeah we rush in.

Brennan: You guys look in this place. There is a skeleton on the floor of the
chapel. It is not a unicorn skeleton.

Adaine: What the hell?

Riz: Is it Kristen's?

Brennan: At the base of the unnamed goddess's statue, covered in centuries of
dust and rubble is a human skeleton, clutching shattered pieces of stone in
its hands.

Zac: Shattered pieces of stone?

Siobhan: I would like to cast the Identify spell on the skeleton.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan looks down at his computer. His mouth is a straight line.

Lou: He's making a face. Which face is that? Which of Brennan's faces?

[shimmering identify spell music]

Identify Spell: Ah yes, this is another use of the Identify spell.

Adaine makes a “get on with it” motion with her finger.

Identify Spell: What you now behold is an ancient religious relic. The
skeleton and remains of the blessed Saint Kristen Applebees who died in this
chapel 850 years ago.

Adaine: No!

Fabian: What the fuck is going on?

Adaine: 850, no, come on!

Fabian: I don't like this.

Identify Spell: This has been another use of the Identify spell.

Gorgug: What's the... rock, what?

Emily: How the heck did this happen? Okay, first off have we confirmed, can I
do an Insight check just to make sure Fabian's real?

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: I got really good. I got 22!

Fabian: Fig, why are you looking at me so hard? What's happening?

Riz: We're supposed to be the bardy boys.

Fabian: We are the bardy boys!

Fig: No, you're right, we are.

Adaine: Is everybody a bardy boy, or is it just you three?

Riz: No everyone’s a bardy boy.

Fig: I'm missing everyone but Fabian. It's really Fabian. He's telling the
truth. This is not a trick of the woods.

Riz: As long as you investigate and have a song in your heart, you're a bardy
boy.

Everyone laughs.

Zac: Okay. But I, okay can I inspect the rocks that...

Emily: Do I have, can I do an Insight if, because Disguise Self here would
become Alter Self, do I have an insight that Revivify would become True
Resurrection?

Brennan: No. The reason being that Revivify doesn't start as an Illusion
spell, so it won't get stronger.

Murph: Do we have any way of knowing if this is an illusion, or if we did
travel to the future?

Lou: Can I ask, to what extent can I tell the difference between the room I
was in minutes ago, and this room now?

Brennan: Wildly different.

Lou: Wildly different?

Zac: But same shape?

Brennan: Same shape, same shape, but this room smells like death, like it's
been sealed up. I mean, to give you an example, it's how a room would be
different if it had had an open doorway with air flow for eight centuries, or
if it hadn't.

Fabian: This room is [perturbed] drastically different than when I was in here
minutes ago.

Siobhan: Can I do an Investigate check on the room?

Brennan: Sure.

Riz: [sarcastically] Kristen wasn't an 800 year old skeleton before?

Fabian: No, no, no, Ri- no, The Ball.

Fig: I knew Kristen was a saint, but—

Siobhan: Gonna use Boggy for, nope, nope, nope.

Riz: Should we take Kristen's bones out of this room?

Fig: We should take Kristen’s bones, because if there are other areas that
amplify certain types of magic, maybe there's an area that would amplify
Revivify to become True Resurrection.

Siobhan: Yeah, is any of Kristen's stuff here?

Zac: What, can I look at that rock that she was holding?

Brennan: Can you—

Zac: Shattered rock?

Brennan: The shattered rock, yes you can. Go ahead and give me a Perception
check on it.

Zac: Okay, and I would love to try Mending it.

Brennan: Oh sure.

Lou: Can I give him a help action on this?

Brennan: Yes, you can give a help action.

Emily: And the unicorn skeleton's gone?

Zac: Perception, 19 Perception.

Murph: I can investigate too.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Investigate check.

Murph: Oh baby, 27.

Lou: Couldn't beat that.

Siobhan: Could get a crit.

Lou: Not with my bardiest roll.

Brennan: Your 27 investigation check, I'm gonna let you make a Medicine check
with advantage as well.

Murph: Dirty 20.

Brennan: You're investigating these bones. The posture, something is wrong
with the posture. The joints look wrong. It looks like this, the look of this
ancient skeleton, that there is wear and tear on these bones as though of
having not only decayed during death, but perhaps also decayed during life.

Fig: Is there a possibility that these bones are not actually Kristen
Applebees and instead, because we are in a place of illusion, that it could
trick the Identify spell?

Adaine: I think very possibly, because if somebody—

Gorgug: Or the Identify spell itself is a trick.

Adaine: Well, if somebody had created an illusion of Kristen's bones—

Fabian: Here.

Fig: It would be real.

Adaine: Then it would be real here, so the Identify spell wouldn't be able
to--

Fabian: Tell the difference.

Adaine: Tell the difference.

Emily: Can I do an investigation check for other bones?

Brennan: Sure.

Emily: Are these the only bones?

Brennan: These are the only ones in the chapel that you can see. You know
there's tons of skeletons outside. You did the Mending to the thing. You can't
mend it because it's not one face. The shattered stone has like, a nose, eye,
as though someone shattered the face of a statue, but as you try to put them
together, the features don't go together. You could swear that some of the
features look like some of you [Siobhan groans, creeped out] There's a bit of
Fabian's brow, some of Fig's chin, a little bit of—

Emily: Distinctive chin.

Brennan: Distinctive chin. Like, Riz's ear.

Fabian: That's my brow! That's my brow for sure!

Gorgug: Fabian's brow.

Brennan: There's only so many places on the face.

Gorgug: Riz's forehead.

Adaine: Gorgug is obsessed with us. He's so obsessed with us.

Fabian: Can we hold onto those, like regardless? Yeah, I feel like we should—

Fig: Should we put everything into a sack?

Gorgug: I don't want these. I don't want these at all!

Fabian: Alright! I just feel like they might, I'm not gonna—

Riz: Okay, well these bones were all wrong.

Fig: Yes, these bones are wrong and this face doesn't make one face.

Murph: I tell you why the bones are wrong.

Gorgug: Wait, so is there a bone, so if the bones are wrong there's no sign of
a broken ankle from when Kristen jumped off of that tower?

Fabian: Maybe that's the decaying life?

Riz: According to my medical opinion. God, these bones were decaying long
before—

Zac: Is there anything else in this room?

Murph: Do we see any evidence of the unicorn?

Brennan: You got 27 investigation? Yeah, I mean there's been no wind in here
forever, so you do see ancient hoofprints of like, skeletal hooves in here.

Siobhan: Do they lead anywhere?

Brennan: Out to a hallway that then doesn't have any trace of them.

Siobhan: Can I cast Locate Creature on the unicorn?

Brennan: Yes, you can cast Locate Creature on the unicorn. You sense it for a
moment, and then vanishing beyond the range of the spell, moving inwards into
the forest.

Siobhan: Into the forest, so not down the path that the hoofprints are going
down, like back where we were going?

Brennan: Not back to the entrance, although the hoofprints that Riz sees do
lead to the entrance, but you sense with magic the actual unicorn leaving
here. Everyone here make an Insight check.

Emily: 8. Contend with an 8.

Zac: 16.

Murph: 27.

Siobhan: 22.

Brennan: Riz. With a 27 Insight, you are looking at the expressions of horror,
confusion, frustration, and doubt on the faces of your friends who are trying
to figure out what the hell is going on here. And you, as you've been trained
to do in investigations of this type, when you get frustrated because the
clues aren't adding up, you take a step back. You are in a forest where
illusions are real, in a chapel to a goddess whose main domain was doubt. The
clues don't add up, and the physics of this place aren't going to reward your
thinking from the world outside here. It is— you are in wonderland now. Coming
at these things with logical problem solving will not help you, because the
game has been changed on you.

The physics of this place work by dream logic, and if you try to get to the
root of problems, using the same linear thinking you would've used to solve
mysteries back in Solace, you will probably end up going mad, or simply
failing in your quest.

Siobhan: [whispers] Crap.

Emily: [murmuring] So, to your talents then?

Murph: Yeah.

Gorgug: We have to follow—

Fig: I guess, do we want to try to do this lucid dreaming thing that other
people did, or do we want to just follow our fear into the woods?

Siobhan: Will the lucid dream… do we get the impression that the lucid
dreaming will help the fear situation? Like how would us [giggles] being on
mushrooms help, or hinder us?

Brennan: The thing that got glossed over a little bit last time that is really
important is the element of that fourth curse, which is that you guys actually
can't get to the center of the forest without becoming more afraid as you go.
The physical layout of the forest will change as you enter more into it. You
don't have the nature of your mother's ritual. Her ritual was largely
Abjurative. However, you know that dusk moss will probably… [sighs] it will
certainly expedite whatever process is bound to happen as you move through
this place. And you could attempt to improvise a ritual to use it to the best
of its ability, but you don't, you know the most important elements were taken
from here.

Fig: Okay, I can also just cast Fear on us. It only lasts for a minute, but
that would get us a head start to—

Adaine: Yeah, I mean if we—

Fig: Know the right path.

Adaine: I mean, if we take these drugs and then cast the Fear to

push us into a bad trip?

Fig: Yeah.

Gorgug: What?

Adaine: I don't know, I don't understand any of this

Fig: You don’t want to have a bad trip, you maybe take the lowest dose?

Fabian: I think for Kristen, we have to take these drugs.

Fig: I think so too.

Adaine: I think so too. I think that's what Kristen would have wanted us to
do.

Fig: I know that... I agree, yeah.

Riz: Oh boy.

Fabian: Let's burn the drugs, and face our fears!

Lou: And I take off my father's eye patch and I'm like, let's do it, let's do
a thing.

Emily: All right.

Siobhan: I take a moment to… [clenches fingers in a perfectly circular shape]
Hard hold Boggy, and all of his feathery softness, [Brennan makes owl noises]
and then I dismiss him.

Brennan: Poof.

Baby: [screeches] What of me, mistress?

Fabian: Keep, maybe?

Adaine: I mean, he's so scary. He's not a cute baby. He's so scary.

Gorgug: If you wanna have a bad trip, then yeah.

Fig: You have a really important role to play. Keep being you.

(Baby shrieks)

Adaine: Maybe do some little dances.

Baby: [puts his arms up and bounces around] Dum dum… dum dum dum dum.

Fig: Remember when you asked me, do you remember—

Adaine: Oh god… Oh I hate it.

Fig: When you asked me, should I whisper or scream?

Baby: Yes.

Fig: For today, we scream.

Baby screams

Fig: That's good, okay.

Fabian: I am... Let's get this over with.

Adaine: Can we tie ourselves to each other? Or is this just like a one...

Fabian: I feel like that's being too safe.

Adaine: [panicked] Oh god!

Fabian: I think if anything, there might be part of this where we need to do
things alone.

Adaine: Oh, I hate this.

Fig: Okay.

Adaine: Oh no.

Emily: I think I'm gonna say,

Fig: Let's get messy.

Emily: And then shake my hair out of its braid. For the first time in my life.

Adaine: Okay, before we go in I just wanna say, this is so scary, and I'm so
glad that we're doing it together.

Fig: Yeah.

Adaine: [a little shaky] And I don't know what's gonna happen, but if I can, I
will have everybody's back, and I know that you'll have mine.

Fig: There's only so far we can get from each other, right?

Fabian: Yes, we're all headed in the same direction.

Riz: Spring break?

Adaine: Spring break.

Fabian: Spring break.

Gorgug: Everybody, spring break.

They all put their hands together in the middle.

Fig: I believe in you.

Gorgug: Spring break. I believe in you.

Riz: I believe in you.

Fabian: Spring break, I believe in you.

Fabian: For Kristen Applebees.

Adaine: For Kristen.

Fig: For Kristen Applebees. But still I think we should tie ourselves
together, yeah, no?

Adaine: I'm into it.

Fabian: I mean, until—

Riz: I think that's not a good idea here.

Fig: Okay!

Riz: In fact, we might, things might have to get weird.

Fabian: Yeah.

Fig: Okay.

Everybody: Spring break. Spring break. I believe in you.

They take their hands out of the huddle.

Murph: As soon as we pull back, I rush off into the woods after Kristen.

Brennan’s jaw drops, and he lets out a surprised almost-laugh.

Emily: Without…?!

Murph: So Riz's greatest fear is to not have a plan, to not be able to figure
it out, and to get his friends in trouble, so I'm running off without you
guys.

Zac: He's not even gonna take the drugs?

Murph: I'm not even gonna take the drugs. That's a plan, that's like doin' it—

Brennan: Riz darts off into the temple.

Fabian: No, The Ball!

Adaine: What are you doing? Oh my God...

Emily: Okay wait, if it's Opposite Day, I'm straight edge, except for drugs,
so I'm not gonna take the drugs and instead, I take a flagon of whiskey out,
and I take a shot—

Siobhan: A flagon? You have a whole flagon of whiskey with you?

Emily: What's a flagon? I only read it in books...

Zac: Gorgug is scared to do the mushrooms.

Siobhan: It’s like, huge.

Murph: It's like a mug.

Fabian: Let's do, I don't do, burn it, burn it and let's breathe it in, I
don't know.

Gorgug: Should I take a bite of it?

Fabian: I don't think, I think it's a smoke, you smoke it.

Zac: Do we, can I make a check to see if I understand how to take this drug?

Brennan: You remember the gnome saying you have to light it. It's like a brick
of incense.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Hell yes.

Lou: I light it up. I light up some of it.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: I'm also gonna take my meds out of my pocket, and I'm gonna leave
them.

Brenan puts his hands over his mouth in shock.

Lou: I hate this. I hate this.

Siobhan: This is awful.

Fig: Wait, don't leave them. Just give them to me. Just give 'em to me.

Adaine: No, because then you'll have them.

Fabian: But that...

Brennan: Fig starts downing whiskey. Fig starts downing that whiskey. Adaine,
you, near the last little owl feather on the floor from where Boggy vanished,
you take out your jacket-produced, the language on your anxiety meds is
whatever language they write and speak in the interdimensional city inside
your jacket. You put the little orange bottle down on the ground. Gorgug, you
have this brick of dusk moss incense.

Gorgug lights a flame under the brick, and it catches with a whoosh. Lou takes
deep breaths.

Gorgug: Is there a ritual also? [chanting] We are scared and we're coming for
Kristen. We are scared and we're coming for Kristen.

All except Riz: [chanting] We are scared and we're coming for Kristen! We are
scared, and we're coming for Kristen!

Brennan: I'm gonna say you all choose to voluntarily fail your Constitution
saving throws.

Siobhan: Yep.

Lou: Yes.

Emily: Except for me, actually. I would like to try to pass.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: I'm not straight edge, except for drugs. [rolls] I do pass.

Brennan: Incredible. Cool, so the dusk moss… and give me one for the whiskey
as well?

Emily: The whiskey. Damn it, I pass everything. All right, I do the dusk moss.
All right, I intentionally fail it.

Brennan: Are you gonna cast Fear as well?

Emily: Yes.

Brennan: Before you cast Fear, I'm just asking because it was a little

bit of lack of clarity, Kristen's remains, or [airquotes] what the Identify
spell referred to as Kristen's remains, are in the chapel still, correct?

Siobhan: Yeah, I mean I'll take one piece of her, because I feel like at this
point Revivify won't work, so it just will be like a full reincarnate.

Brennan: Okay, just a tip of a finger bone, something like that?

Siobhan: Yeah, just something I can put in my pocket.

Brennan: Cool.

Fabian: Can I take that stone of my brow?

Adaine: Maybe we should all take a piece of her.

Fig: No, I think we should, I think we should, because there's a chance that
we could go to somewhere else, and Revivify could work like True
Resurrections. Although true resurrection, you really only need to speak a
person's name. So never mind.

Brennan: You take the piece of the finger bone. You cast the Fear spell.

Lou: It's cast on us?

Brennan: Yeah, you're going into a bad trip.

Fig: I’m just trying to help you!

Fabian: I know, I know, ooh.

Adaine: Oh, I hate this.

Fabian: God!

Gorgug: This is a bad time.

Brennan claps his hands together and laughs in a distinctly evil way.

Fabian: And then do we just, yeah okay.

Brennan: Well here's the thing. I wanna know right before that Fear spell gets
cast, let's go down the line, and I want each of you guys to tell me what
you're anticipating in your bad trip. What does your character imagine they're
gonna see when this bad trip starts?

Zac: [eyes squeezed shut] Oh god.

Lou: Damn. Like what do you mean?

Brennan: I mean that generally speaking, the thing you dread is the thing you
imagine, and you're making your imaginations come to life with a powerful
gnomish hallucinogen and a third level Fear spell. So, whatever your
characters are imagining. I'll let you guys stew on that. Riz, you dart
through the temple. [panting] Out into the woods you go. What is Riz doing as
he emerges from the other side of the temple in an even thicker and more
briar-tangled version of the forest? What are you doing?

[music: dark, spooky chords with faint piano]

Murph: I'm trying to run towards wherever Adaine thought the unicorn was
going.

Brennan: So you're trying to follow the unicorn.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Investigation check.

Murph: Okay. And I think I'm specifically being reckless. I didn't wanna be
involved in this because it's too much a Riz thing to come up with a plan, so
I'm just charging.

Brennan: Then give me it with disadvantage, so you're just gonna roll
straight.

Murph: Sweet. Oh so straight, let me roll again 'cause I just rolled twice…
28. [sighs uncomfortably]

Brennan: Riz, you begin to dart through the forest as fast as you can. You
begin to follow what you believe are the hoofprints of this unicorn. As you do
so, it occurs to you number one, that Kristen's body was the one that had all
of the Revivify diamonds on it, which you now no longer have access to. You
continue to move as fast as you can. What, as you're following the right
unicorn, what is Riz anticipating doing if he finds the unicorn out here in
the forest?

Murph: I think Riz wants to see if he can deduce what happened to Kristen, or
if there's any way to bring her back, or if this unicorn stole any essence of
her.

Brennan: You start hoofing it. Go ahead, and give me a Survival check, if
you'd be so kind.

Murph: Okay… 18.

Clattering of many, many dice.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Murph: You simply hate to see it.

Brennan smirks as he arranges the dice.

Lou: Fuck you.

Emily: Jesus. Those better be D4s.

Murph: I am getting Kristen rolls, though.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Yeah, that's nice.

Murph: Which is good.

Emily: It's nice to have them Ally dice here.

Lou: Thank you.

Murph: Thank you.

Lou and Murph put their hands on the back of Ally’s empty chair.

Brennan: [deep breath] You…

Siobhan kisses two fingers and holds them up to the sky for Ally. Emily
repeats the gesture, but holds her two fingers down and apart in an ‘A’ shape.

Emily: Ally.

Siobhan copies her.

Siobhan: Ally.

Emily: Ally.

Lou does the gesture as well. Emily starts trying to spell Ally in Sign, which
Siobhan and Lou also try.

Brennan: You stop down. You, also give me a Stealth check if you'd be so kind.
Unless you're not trying to be stealthy at all, and you're just—

Murph: Not trying to be stealthy.

Lou: Come on, The Ball!

Brennan: So you're just [panting] running through. You got your briefcase, you
got your gun. Just a kid with a flat cap and a tie, running a dead sprint
through deep, dark woods.

[cast laughs]

Lou: What is—

Murph: This is what I used to do to catch the bus [everyone laughs] No wait!

Emily: Now your neighbor's mom can't drive you in.

Murph: My greatest fear…

Brennan: Briars begin to come up around you.

Murph: Keep runnin'.

Lou: [nervous] Mm.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me a dexterity saving throw.

Murph: Nat 1. [slams the table gently and leans back in his chair, running his
hands through his hair]

Brennan: You take 11 points of damage as you just breakneck sprint through
briars, twigs from the trees scratching at your face, and then you see it in
one of the hoof prints. There's a little sliver of, there's a little sliver of
mirror, like a trace amount, like dust. You're getting closer, you're catching
up. And you begin to look around, you're in a part of the forest that's a
little bit strange to you. The trees have metal in them, as if the forest grew
up around something metallic. You look and see that, you knew you were getting
hurt by briars, but you didn't see where the cuts were. The cuts are only on
your hands. Just your hands are bleeding. You hear a voice from the forest.

Baron: [alien French-Canadian-esque accent] Oh no, it seems your hands are
bleeding once again, Riz Gukgak.

Lou: [pressing his fists into his eyes] No!

Everyone groans.

Siobhan: No! [waves her fists around in spooked frustration]

Zac: No, no, no, no, no, no. Not like this!

Riz: I don't have a romance partner!

Lou: [brings his arms down] No!

Baron: You do not have a romance partner?

Emily laughs.

Lou: God, I hate this.

Riz: People don't even call 'em romance partners.

Baron: In the Baronies where I am from they sure do. [lower register] They
sure do, Riz Gukgak.

Riz: You're not from anywhere, 'cause you're not real, Baron. I made ya up.

Baron: Why did you do such a thing, Riz Gukgak? Why did you make me up whole
cloth from your mind?

Group laughs. Lou slams the table twice and yells a little.

Murph: I—

Lou: Oh man.

Murph: Screw it, I run towards where I hear him coming from. I run towards
Baron.

Brennan: One of the shards of mirror, there's Baron standing in it. He goes,

Baron: Do you want to come through to the other side and meet my stark father?
There's a reason you made me up, Riz Gukgak. You would not have lied so
frivolously. You love the truth. You seek it so much that you cut your hands
upon the inside of crystals. But, you use deception to protect yourself from
something you fear. What do you fear, Riz Gukgak?

Riz: I… [long, silent pause] ...fear being wrong, and it getting my friends
hurt, like Kristen.

Baron: Hm. [softly] You made me up, because you are worried of being wrong?

Riz: Well, no you are a different thing. You're because everybody else is
hookin' up. People do it, people hook up, it's normal. And I'm not super into
that, so I made you up so that there wouldn't be any questions.

Baron: [whispering] Any questions about what?

Brennan: You begin to see in other mirrors, there's movement. Things are
moving in the other mirrors around you. You look up in a mirror. You see
Fabian and Aelwyn Abernant in one of the mirrors, dancing this insane tango.
You see—

Lou: [approvingly, wiggling his shoulders] Okay.

Brennan: Tracker. You see Tracker and Kristen on a couch, just making out. You
see Fig on stage, playing to Ayda in the front row who's clapping her hands.
And you hear Baron say,

Baron: Why do you think your friends keep you around, Riz Gukgak? If it had
not been for detention on your first day of school, and for you to solve this
little mystery, do you think they'd look at you as someone they can truly
understand? Or are you just a funny little thing that finds the clues? What is
it they call you most often of all?

Riz: They call me The Ball, but Ragh made that nickname up, and Ragh's my
friend now.

Brennan: You see Ragh making out with Fathethriel in another mirror. You see
he says,

Baron: The years will go by, and everyone will find someone that matters more
to them than you.

Brennan: Go ahead and make a Wisdom saving roll for me.

Murph groans nervously.

Murph: 11.

Brennan: What's goin' on in Riz's mind right now?

Murph: I think that... Riz, this is truly one of Riz's greatest fears, and
he's not super equipped to wrestle with this at the moment, and I think the
only thing kind of giving him hope is the cold, logical thought of being like,
Ragh doesn't like Fathethriel.

Group laughs.

Murph: These people aren't all gonna end up together.

Brennan: You see, as you start to move through, you start pointing out the
flaws in them. And you hear Baron's voice say,

Baron: That is a good crack to the riddle, Riz Gukgak. You are right, Ragh
will not spend the rest of his life with [wavering on the pronunciation]
Fathethriel.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You see, he says,

Baron: So it is true. You are unlike Ragh. You are unlike Gorgug. But do you
know who you are most unlike?

Brennan: The last and greatest mirror comes up in front of you, and you see
that there is a beautiful garden party with red and white paper lanterns, and
a young Pok Gukgak and Sklonda Gukgak dance together.

Baron: [very quietly] You are most unlike your mother and your father.

Brennan: And you watch the way your mother and father look at each other. How
suave, and debonair your father is. How confident and poised your mother is.

Baron: Do you know how I know you are not like them, Riz Gukgak? Because, they
were not afraid that they were nothing more than a ball. And also, they would
never have so easily abandoned their search for the unicorn.

Brennan: And you look and see, you're not even in the forest anymore. You are
in a world of mirrors. We're gonna cut back to—

Siobhan makes a nervous screech, and Zac makes a muffled noise into his hands.
Murph leans back in his chair and runs his fingers through his hair again.
Emily and Brennan laugh.

Lou: Fuck that.

Emily: [pointing at Brennan] Stay away from my husband.

Siobhan: You’re not invited to any parties.

Lou: Get 'em, get 'em, dude. Get 'em, get 'em.

Brennan: I admit there might be something wrong with me.

Lou: The return of Baron.

Players groan and laugh.

Siobhan: I knew it was coming eventually.

Emily: It's like we all wanted it, and then it happened.

Siobhan groaning.

Lou: No, I didn't want this. I didn't want this one bit.

Brennan: Okay, let's go down the line. What's everyone afraid of?

Uproar amongst the players.

Siobhan: I'm not telling you secrets!

Zac: That's the most Brennan thing I've ever heard.

Brennan laughs.

Lou: Let's go down the line, come on.

Emily: We can't start on this side. I haven't thought of mine, I was too
distracted by it.

Brennan: It's not what you're most afraid of. It's what your character is
dreading in the moment as you're doing this dusk moss ritual.

Zac: I think the track that Gorgug's mind would go down, given the ritual,
what he's scared of, or what he doesn't like...

Brennan eats out of his hand. Everyone turns to look at him.

Siobhan: Keep crunchin', dude.

Lou: Yeah, this is a great time to do that, my guy.

Siobhan: Practice for those dice later, my man.

Brennan: My hands started getting tingly from blood sugar, I'm sorry.

Lou: Okay.

Zac: I think Gorgug is a person who has died. Literally died, and I think he's
scared of the fact that all of this has happened after he died. And so, is
this real? There's already a bit of imposter syndrome stuff going on with like
he doesn't feel very smart, and he's doing what is traditionally something for
smart people lately. Just, feeling very uncertain about the reality that he
already experiences.

Brennan: You, your hold on reality starts to fade as you become more and more
uncertain. The dusk moss spreads. And you feel a little thing, like pa-ping on
your crystal in your pocket. You can feel yourself about to slip into
unreality as this ritual is taking place, but you have one last moment of
hanging onto the real world, as you feel your crystal ping in your pocket. By
the way, bear in mind that if you wanna do any shenanigans with your crystal
later in the forest, you have a limited battery life on this thing. But you
feel something notify you in your crystal.

Zac: Fuck. It was working?

Brennan: Yeah, you were getting service in the forest.

Zac: I'll look at it.

Brennan: Your home screen is a picture of you as, in an awesome drumming
photograph from a Fig and the Cig Figs concert. You're in your sophomore year
of high school, and you are a rock star athlete who, you're a rock star
athlete who saved the world from a dragon with your best friends last year.
Does Gorgug really feel like that's who he is, or does he feel like the kid
who catches backpacks in the parking lot?

Zac: [sighs] Man. He feels like the kid who catches backpacks.

Brennan: The notification on your phone is from Skrank.

Gorgug taps something on his phone.

Brennan: You see it's a little message that just says,

Skrank: [squawks] Hey Gorgug, I heard you and Zelda are back together. I'm so
happy for you. Hope everything's cool between us.

Lou drops his head to the table.

Siobhan: [whispering] Ooh, son of a bitch.

Gorgug: What? Why would, hey Skrank. [stuttering] Why, I guess I—

Murph: Fully on drugs.

Gorgug: Why wouldn't it be?

Brennan: You see a little ellipses come up, and go away.

Siobhan: [sighs] Crap, goddamn.

Zac: I'm gonna turn my phone off.

Brennan: [phone powering down noise] You look up, and see, well I'm gonna go
actually before I say what happens when you look up from your phone, who else,
what else is someone dreading as the ritual starts?

Siobhan: I think for Adaine, it's all about a mix of, like the twin fears of
the fear of failure, and the fear of loss of control, which I feel like go
hand in hand. Like so much of this last year has been sort of building her
self-esteem outside of just what her parents thought of her, but that is so
close to the surface still. Even though, I don't know, I think underneath
she's just still afraid. She's small, and she's weak, and she, I dunno, her
friends, she loves them. But, you never know the inner life of somebody else's
mind.

Brennan: [sighs] I'm going to need you to, we haven't done this since season
one. I'm gonna need you to make a roll for a panic attack. You do not have to
do this with disadvantage. You can still do this straight.

Siobhan: That's a 4.

Emily: [quietly] Panic attack might help us.

Brennan: Adaine, you begin to experience the beginnings of a full blown panic
attack.

Siobhan: Oh God fucking damn it. I do what I can to do the breathing exercises
that Jawbone has taught me over the last year. 'Cause even though I know I
should probably let it go and lean into it, it's still so terrifying to let it
happen that I'm working against it. But, I dunno.

Brennan: You begin to breathe. You are fighting against the panic attack
happening. Even though you know that fear will bring you deeper into the
forest. Adaine gets her wish. You fight it, and the panic attack ends. You are
on the other side of the briar wall. You got out of the forest, 'cause you
couldn't handle it, and you've run out of the gym while your friends fight the
dragon again.

Adaine No, goddamn it! How do I get back in?

Siobhan: I try and get back in.

Brennan: How do you attempt to do so?

Siobhan: Ah! I look through the briar, and I try and Misty Step through it.

Brennan: Bff, you Misty Step through and [buzzing impact], feel yourself
rebuffed. You are back on the outside of the briar wall. You breathed in that
dusk moss, you had that moment of feeling true fear again, and you couldn't do
it. You couldn't let yourself get there, and your friends are through an
impenetrable barrier on the other side without your help, and without your
knowledge of the curses. Fabian, Fig.

Emily: Okay, before I say my Fear can I just do an Insight check? I need to
know, I basically want to make sure, 'cause I know Adaine put her meds down,
and I don't wanna take it against her will, but I don't want her to leave 'em,
so I just wanna know if I will hurt her chances if I have Baby go pick up the
meds.

Brennan: You will not hurt her chances.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna send Baby to go pick up the meds.

Brennan: Adaine, again, doesn't need to, Adaine has her Jacket of Useful
Things.

Emily: I know, but if I see her and she's in a state where she needs someone
to give it to her.

Brennan: Absolutely. Baby goes over.

Baby cackles.

Lou: [chuckling] God.

Fig: No, these are not for you.

Baby: What if I could use them?

Fig: Well, we'll talk about that later. We'll talk about that later.

Emily: Okay. Okay, I guess I don't, hm. I guess Fig is maybe anticipating,
there's like two images she could anticipate encountering which is a dead
Gilear, or the feather in her pocket just dissolving, and that meaning that
something has happened to Ayda, or even encountering Ayda as a baby, and
finding out that she reincarnated, and is now a baby would be really weird. I
do think that there's also sort of a fear, but then I guess, I don't know if
it's a shallow fear because really I should just be worried about the safety
of other people, but there is a deep rooted fear that now that she's actually
showing, you know trying to be herself around people that that will end up not
being enough, and that she'll kind of find out that she's very charismatic and
charisma can make a good first impression, but not a lasting one. So someone
like Ayda, for example, would meet the [airquotes] real Fig, not the glamor or
the idea of Fig that Fig has portrayed, and she would find out she's not
enough, and she's just a bass player and no one wants to hear the bass play
solo.

Brennan: In this moment, right before the, as you are casting Fear and you
know you're about to see your worst nightmare, is like the coin is spinning,
and it's about to fall on a side. Is Fig more afraid that she is a fraud, and
there's no reason to like her, or is she more afraid

that the people around her keep getting hurt?

Emily: [narrows her eyes at Brennan] I think more likely, 'cause right now
she's really worried about the fact that she can't, that she couldn't save
Kristen. And so I think she's more worried about people getting hurt right
now. She can worry about herself later.

Brennan: Give me a Wisdom saving throw.

Emily: [sarcastically] Well, the dice wanna tell your story. I got a 6.

Brennan laughs. Lou claps.

Brennan: I'm getting roasted out here tonight.

Lou: Salty.

Brennan: I'm getting roasted.

Siobhan: We're scared, Brennan.

Lou: This is literally, I'm so tense right now.

Emily: I know.

Brennan: You gotta, if you're doing a whole Nightmare King season, you gotta
get to Nightmare Forest.

Siobhan: I’m so sweaty.

Lou: We were having so much fun, though. Remember when we were runnin' around,
and people were flying on ropes?

Zac: We had a shrimp party.

Lou: [mournfully] A shrimp party.

Brennan: You try to be the person who's more afraid that your friends are
gonna get hurt, but it occurs to you that the fact that you were worried about
how people see you, and that that entered your mind at this point in time, is
proof that those fears are true. Because if you were the person who was really
the most worried just about saving your friends, that other thought would've
been quieter. You watch, frozen to the ground, as a beautiful, resplendent,
cool, awesome, funny Fig splits from your body, stands up, quietly looks to
you as Adaine vanishes, and says,

Nightmare Fig: (to Fig, threatening) You stay here. (to party, cheerfully) Got
it from here, guys.

Brennan: The story of you, the performance of you, is what your friends care
about, and the real you freezes to the ground. Fabian.

Lou: I think Fabian is really bad at this, and is like, trying to psych
himself out to be brave in front of his fear, and it's running back the past
experiences with the, like with the version of him eating yogurt in his
father's memory museum, and being trapped in the ocean, and thinking I'll
probably go there, and here's what I'll do. But I think underneath it all is
this feeling of being helpless, or unable to use his prowess to overcome
whatever he's about to face. Yeah, the idea that I won't be able to jump, and
dance, and stab my way through whatever is to come is, I can't, I don't know,
I'm not sure, like I don't, if that's not how I can handle the situation, I
won't know what to do.

Brennan: Fabian, you watch yourself begin to vanish. [raises hands up to his
face with a whooshing noise] Hands go see through. So right now, Adaine is
gone, Riz is gone, there's an illusion of Fig. Gorgug, you are still here. All
of you forget Fabian. The Bad Kids were the five kids who met in the detention
room on their first day of freshman year. They defeated the dragon Kalvaxus.
And Fabian, you watch yourself literally turn invisible. You're a ghost. Less
than a ghost. You are a perspective, you have your memories, but you watch Fig
stand up, look at Gorgug, and say,

Nightmare Fig: Okay, I'm gonna go get, we need to find Adaine, Riz, and
Kristen. So, I'm gonna go do that.

Brennan: [snaps, whooshing] Fig vanishes. Gorgug.

Gorgug: What?

Brennan: You don't see anybody else here in the room with you anymore. You
have been completely abandoned. What do you do?

Zac: I think at this point Gorgug takes a little bone from Kristen, just to
have some sort of anchor to something.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: I think since everyone literally vanished from the point which they were,
he's just gonna walk towards the direction that Riz, I guess, went.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: Just 'cause that's maybe where someone could be.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: That's a direction at least.

Brennan: Absolutely. You head off into the woods. As you begin walking, you
are left with this sinking feeling of what the hell are you gonna do? As you
leave, what do you do when you exit the temple and get out to the rest of the
forest here?

Zac: I guess I have to follow what's scary. I think I'm losing touch with what
I'm doing, a little bit, but remember that much at least.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: And so, probably going a little slow.

Brennan: You're going a little slowly, but you're walking off into the woods.
Fabian, you can still move. You still exist. What are you gonna do as you see
Gorgug begin to leave the room?

Lou: Can I call out for Gorgug?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Fabian: Gorgug!

Brennan: [to Zac] You hear nothing.

Fabian: [louder] Gorgug!

Brennan: It occurs to you that maybe Gorgug can't hear you, but—

Lou: Can I run up and put my hands on, grab him, put my hands on his shoulder?

Brennan: You are physic—, as you go to try to move him, you physically can't.
[mimes pulling at something] You look at your translucent hands, try to pull
him, it's like trying to stop, I don't know, like a train moving down a train
track. You just can't physically make it stop.

Lou: And he doesn't respond at all to my touch, or any, like there's nothing?

Brennan: No response to any of it. You could possibly affect the physical
world. You could try to write something, like on the ground in front of him.
But other than that, none of the auditory, you don't seem to be able to
interact with him.

Lou: I… [long pause] I let him go. And I feel like... I dunno, I feel like
Fabian sits down. [nervous laugh] There's just too much going on right now.

Brennan: Cool. Fabian takes a seat. Fig, you unfreeze from where you were
locked into the floor as your illusion left. You are able to move freely
again, but all of your friends are gone.

Emily: I guess I also go.

Fig: [hands cupped aroun dher mouth] Riz, Fabian, Adaine, Gorgug! Baby?

Brennan: Babian— uh, [sighs] Babian.

Zac: Babian?

Brennan: The ship people didn't know they needed.

Lou: What’s up dude? I'm in the corner making out with Baby. Your great fear!

Emily: My true! greatest! fear!

Lou: Oh, fuck.

Brennan: Baby left with your illusion.

Emily: Okay. Does anyone respond to me?

Brennan: Either they are out of earshot, or they are choosing not to respond.

Emily: Okay, I think I'm going to walk towards the woods.

Brennan: You walk towards the woods. Make a Perception check as you begin to
walk towards the woods.

Emily: 18.

Brennan: Gorgug, make a Perception check for me as well, actually.

Zac: 23.

Murph: Nice!

Brennan: Cool. Fig, you begin to walk out of here. On your way out of the
temple, you see that there is a room with a giant placid pool. There's like a
fountain in there. And you see in the roof above it, there's a stone sculpture
of an eye that is being pulled open by claws at its lids. But you detect some
kind of, like—

Emily: Magic?

Brennan: Magic in the pool.

Emily: Okay. I guess I'll just, what am I, I'll follow my Fear. I'll just put
my foot in the pool.

Brennan: The water is like exactly at your body temperature, which means that
it's extremely warm. It's like weirdly unsettling to get into something warmer
than room temperature that's just sitting here stagnant. As you do, you hear a
voice go,

Voice: [whispered and raspy] What dreams do you now wish to see?

Brennan: And you feel that you are in some kind of scrying pool. Probably a
limited scrying that you could only gaze at, not at someone's physical waking
location, but if someone were dreaming, you could look at what their dreams
were.

Emily: If someone were dreaming, I could look at what their dreams were?

Brennan: Yes, if someone were dreaming you could look at what their dreams
were.

Emily: Feel like I should be strategic and say, Aelwyn, but yeah, I'll say
that. I'll say Aelwyn, even though I wanna say Kristen Applebees.

Brennan: You say Aelwyn. The pool shimmers, and you don't feel like you've
lost an opportunity. You may be able to say more than one person. But it
shimmers in such a way that you think Aelwyn is maybe not gonna react. You
also sense that sleep and dream magic, due to Aelwyn trancing instead of
sleeping, that the Abernants might be hard to affect with this magic.

Emily: Yes. Then I will, I guess I'm gonna, this is so stupid but I'm holding
out hope that Kristen Applebees is in some capacity existing, so I'm gonna say
Kristen Applebees.

[music becomes suddenly quick, tense, and discordant strings]

Brennan: You say Kristen Applebees. As you do so, you see that the entire pool
shudders, and you are (explosion noise) your glyph glows on your forehead, and
it is violently reshaped. First of all, your new archdevil glyph comes into
being, which moves from the sort of classic, blase pentagram into just a rad,
punk anarchy symbol on your head. You are flying through a vortex of shadow.
You see a woman who's some like, she is a mountain, and you are a speck flying
in a whirlwind around her. She exceeds you in size by some orders of
magnitude, and you see that she is clutching her fingernails into her scalp,
and screaming, going,

‘Woman’ shrieks.

Brennan: As this storm surrounds her, lightning surrounds her. As lightning
strikes her, you see that she is like being actively killed by some incredible
act of magic. And as she's being electrocuted by the storm, you see that there
are moments where the lightning strikes her, and all of her hair and clothing
and skin fades, and you just see a screaming skeleton. You [gasps] come to,
back in the pool as mist rises up from the surface of the pool.

Fig: Riz? Fabian? Adaine? Gorgug?

Brennan: Does Fig do anything else in the pool?

Emily: I'm gonna collect some of the pool water.

Brennan: Cool, you collect some pool water. Gorgug, as you walk—

Gorgug: [small voice] Riz? Fabian? Adaine? Fig?

Brennan: As you walk deeper into the forest, go ahead and give me a Survival
check.

Zac: 20, not nat.

Brennan: [sucks in a breath] Very good.

Zac: Is that helpful to get good scores?

Emily: I don't know, that's the mysterious thing.

Zac: Are we in opposite world?

Siobhan: Maybe?

Lou: Yeah, should we be rolling low?

Brennan: You come to an area of the forest where the tree trunks become so
thick that you don't think you can pass through it. You see a tunnel
underneath the roots. It is extremely small. It would not just be crawling, it
would be dragging your body. It's not enough space to even be on your hands
and knees. The surface is littered with leaves, and you see insects crawling
in and out of the tunnel.

Zac: Gorgug's definitely afraid of small, enclosed spaces. Just as a powerful
large person, hitting his head on things is like, an everyday occurrence. So
an even smaller version of that is scary, and bugs. He just doesn't like bugs.

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: I think he thinks about cutting the trees down, but I'll just crawl.

Zac takes a deep breath in and puffs his cheeks out.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me an Acrobatics check.

Zac: [whispers] What the hell? [normal] 21.

Brennan: You pull yourself, you can feel insects crawling all over the surface
of your skin as you begin to just go underground. Even your darkvision, it
doesn't help because the tunnel begins to wind, and there's roots in the way.
And there are so many moments where you will go around a corner, and just
suddenly feel like oh, literally my ribcage is too big to get around this
corner, and I don't think I can, you realize after traveling under here for
about 10 minutes that you're like, “I can't back up out of here. If I get
stuck down here, no one's ever gonna find me.” With a 21 Acrobatics, you keep
going. Remind yourself that you are truly like, going the right way. You're
going in the direction of your fears. You pull through, and you, are on the
ground of some kind of dungeon. There's roots everywhere, but there's a stone
floor. And you see that there's a passage leading in the direction, you know
goes deeper into the forest.

Zac: Okay. Does it look like I've, it looks like I've made progress.

Brennan: It looks like you've made progress, yeah.

Zac: I forget if I gave it to anyone, but the little like thing,thing that I
artificed like a rock that can record?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: I'm just gonna, it can record six seconds?

Brennan: Yep.

Zac: I just wanna say,

Gorgug: [into the rock] It's Gorgug, keep going.

Zac: And just drop it on the ground in case anyone catches up.

Lou: Oh man.

Emily: So sweet.

Zac: And then—

Brennan: You leave, as you do that, you say “it's Gorgug, keep going,” Fig,
Adaine, Riz, Fabian, you all feel a momentary glimmer of reality shimmer for a
moment. Of just a thing of like, a moment where the panic subsides. Wherever
you are in the forest, there's a moment where you catch your breath for a
second. Gorgug. You move forward from this place, and you come to a giant
chamber. You see that there is a huge dungeon stone door that has this insane,
multi-hexagonal shifting stone puzzle on the front. And you see that next to
it, in shadow, is a massive beast. It is partially obscured, but you see
enormous feathered wings and paws, a lion's tail, and you see the face of a
man, some kind of anthropomorphic creature. As it opens its mouth, sharp teeth
run down inside. An enormous probably 30 foot long sphinx.

Gorgug: Looks like a bug. It's a bug?

Brennan: [laughs] You see the sphinx says,

Sphinx: [slow, low voice] You think I'm a bug?

Gorgug: No. ...Right?

Sphinx: You are not very clever, are you Gorgug?

Gorgug: [sighs] I feel like it's a complicated answer, but ultimately, no. I
don't think that's, in the traditional sense, no.

Sphinx: All you need to do to pass through this door that will take you to the
center of the Nightmare King's forest, is to solve this puzzle. Many have done
it before, but perhaps you are uniquely ungifted. And I should mention, that
if you fail, I will devour you.

Lou: Uh-oh.

Sphinx: You may also turn around, right now, and leave the way you came.

Gorgug: Do… How many times can I try?

Sphinx: You may try for as long as you wish, but once you begin to solve the
puzzle you must not stop.

Gorgug: Well, I think I'll give it a shot.

Brennan: He says,

Sphinx: Very well.

Brennan: You go up and begin to solve it. Go ahead and give me a flat
Intelligence check with disadvantage. And the reason you have disadvantage is
the sphinx is going to keep talking while you do this. DC20.

Siobhan: He has minus one to Intelligence.

Brennan: He could roll two nat 20s.

Lou: [disbelieving] Okay.

Zac: I got a 19 and a 14, so no.

Siobhan: [whispered] Goddamn it.

Brennan: You see the sphinx says,

Sphinx: You are welcome to ask me for help if you'd like, I am all-knowing.

Gorgug: What happens if I ask you for help, though?

Sphinx: Every time I give you some help, I will tell you something true about
the puzzle, and then I will tell you something else true about your life. Are
you afraid to know the truth of your life, Gorgug?

Gorgug: Well now I am. Can I give it another shot?

Brennan: Yeah.

Zac: 18 and a 19.

All: Ooh!

Lou: Wow!

Siobhan: So close!

Brennan: So close.

Lou: Oh no!

Gorgug: Looks like we got a couple of knobs. A couple of deals over here.
Yeah, why not? Let's just hear a thing.

Brennan: He gives you help. He lowers the DC of the puzzle to 15, gives you
some help. You see he says,

Sphinx: I'm going to tell you something true about your life, Gorgug.

Gorgug: Okay.

Sphinx: You found your father... the end of last year, correct?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Brennan: As he says,

Sphinx: Look into my eyes, Gorgug.

Brennan: As he does, you [whooshes] see a vision of Digby and Wilma much, much
younger. You see them with this giant, orcish baby in the Thistlespring tree.
And you see a lot of other gnomes in the tree who are like, it looks like
Digby and Wilma are having a fight with a lot of other gnomes. You know that
you have aunts and uncles and grandparents, and stuff like that, but you've
never really have ever spent time with them. You and your parents and them are
not necessarily on speaking terms. You see… The sphinx looks at you and says,

Sphinx: Do you know what the cause of this strife in the Thistlespring family
was?

Gorgug: No.

Sphinx: A babe the size of one of these gnomes appeared at their doorstep, and
their family said, "Will it not break your hearts when inevitably, the child
grows to know only rage?" Your mother and father cast out the rest of their
family that day. Did you prove your parents right, or did you prove their
family correct?

Gorgug: I think I'm still figuring that out.

Sphinx licks its lips and slurps.

Sphinx: You don't have much time left to figure anything out, Gorgug
Thistlespring.

Zac: Can I give it a shot?

Brennan: Mm-hm.

Zac: No. 16 and 11.

Brennan: You can go ahead and make another attempt if you would like.

Zac rolls.

Zac: No.

Brennan: You stay under the ground, and you can feel the sphinx begin to prowl
around the outside of the room. We're gonna move over to Fabian.

Lou: I think in that moment of, that feeling from Gorgug, I take a deep
breath, stand up, and follow deeper into the forest.

Brennan: You begin to move deeper into the forest. As you do so, you begin to
hear a voice behind you in the woods.

Chungledown Bim: [chuckling] I'm gonna shit in that mouth.

Zac: [whispering] Oh no.

Lou: [puts a hand briefly to his mouth in pained laughter] I full on like,
spin around.

Brennan: Leaping like a monkey from tree to tree is—

Lou: [stands up] Fuck this, fuck this!

Chungledown Bim: I'm gonna shit in that mouth! I'm gonna shit in that mouth!

Lou: I don't think Fabian has ever run faster in his whole life. In his whole
life. It's a, like full on, and a lot of that weird kind of looking back,
terrified, trying to figure out if I—

Brennan: You see him leap, he's got a huge to-go coffee.

Chungledown Bim takes quick sips of his coffee and laughs maniacally.

Brennan: As he does, you're still invisible. Are you dead sprinting, or are
you looking for places to hide?

Lou: I don't, he's running around like a fucking monkey, and I think it's full
on, I don't think I'm trying, are there places to hide? I'll make a perception
check, but I don't—

Brennan: Make a Perception check. See if you can find a place to hide.

Lou: Fuck me, dude. Dirty 20.

Brennan: Dirty 20. You see that there's a cave. He's back off in the trees
somewhere. There's a cave you can jump in and hide.

Lou: I do, I do it.

Brennan: You leap into the cave, and you hear,

Chungledown Bim cackles.

Brennan: [laughing] As Chungledown Bim leaps off into the forest.

Emily: You're gonna have to let him shit in your mouth.

Group laughs.

Lou: [stands and slams his hands on the table] No, no! That’s not—

Emily: I think you're gonna have to.

Lou: Don't, no! This cannot be....

Emily: If you wanna get to that tree.

Lou: [muffled through his hands, which are over his mouth] Don’t, no...

Brennan: Fabian, you hear a voice in the cave with you. You see it says,

Voice: [high-pitched, out-of-breath] Don't worry, it's safe in here.

Fabian: Baby?

Voice: Here, wait. Let me find a match.

Zac: Classic cave.

Siobhan: Woody Allen?

Brennan: A match lights, and as it does, you see a full human sized lady rat
with incredibly thick thighs—

Lou: [crosstalk] Oh, fuck this. Fuck this!

Brennan: —Farrah Fawcett hair, and lipstick and goes,

Sexy Rat: Muah muah muah muah!

Lou: I back out into the—

Brennan: You see this sexy rat comes running out of the cave behind you,

Lou: Fucking piece of shit, dude!

Brennan: And goes,

Sexy Rat: [running in a girly way] Chungledown, I found him!

Fabian: No, no no no!

Lou: I keep, I like, I keep, I don't, I can't. Chungledown, oh man. Oh, okay I
do, I think I run for another 50, like I keep running and then remember what
we're supposed to do here, and I stop running.

Brennan: Yeah, you just start sprinting as fast as you can. Okay, we're gonna
go to Adaine. Adaine, you're on the, Adaine, you're on the outside. You're on
the outside of the briar wall having a full scale panic attack. What do you
do?

Siobhan: Yeah. That momentary feeling that I got from Gorgug makes me feel
like there might be something more going on than me just being outside. So I
really don't, God, Jesus Christ. I'm gonna take off my jacket.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: And I'm gonna put down my arcane focus, and I'm gonna close my eyes,
and I'm gonna spin around, and I'm gonna walk.

Brennan: [blows out a loud breath] You just start walking. You walk for what
feels like days. You miraculously don't fall off anything, or bump into
anything, but you take a full 14 points of slashing damages from briars and
twigs. And suddenly you stop and hear… ocean. And you know that if you take a
step farther, you'll fall off of cliffs at the edge of the sea. You feel like
you've come as far as you can, but you sense someone next to you. Do you open
your eyes?

Siobhan: No, I think I step off the cliff.

Brennan: You fall. As you fall, reflexively, your eyes open. But it's too
late. You look up, you see the being that was in the tent with you. That you
couldn't look at its face, or something terrible would happen. The being is
now dressed in all black, in widow's garb, staring out over the sea, and the
face you couldn't look at is your own. You see a version of yourself wearing
black at the edge of the sea, because this is the you after all the friends
you knew and loved are gone. And you [splash]! Hit the waves. You are
completely drifting in the surf, give me an Athletics check. We'll do
disadvantage for this as well.

Siobhan: Great, 'cause I only already have a minus two to it, so. It's a
natural 1.

Brennan: The powerlessness that you feared is here. It is not even the
powerlessness of, like being trapped somewhere where you can stalk your cell,
like being boiled by a wave in the ocean. You are completely at the mercy of
the tide, and like the oracle before you, you begin to drown. As you do so,
you feel edges at the edge of this space. What does Adaine do as you are
adrift in this chaos?

Siobhan: I don't know, I feel like, it's not a… Adaine's instinct would be
what's the puzzle? How do you solve the puzzle? How do you make yourself more
scared, but it's not a puzzle that you can solve that way, because that way
makes it less scary. So I don't know. I think that she, she has to, fight as
much as she can, because that's, it's scarier to keep fighting than it is to
give up.

Brennan: You begin fighting, and as you stay in this sphere, the light begins
to fade, and you are in an orb, drowning.

Adaine: No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Brennan: Floating in this orb, and you see a massive hand pick you up, put you
on a pedestal in this orb, and you see dressed like a carnival barker is Biz
Glitterdew, who goes,

Biz: [nasally] Ladies and gentlemen, step right up, step right up! We have
here the amazing elven oracle!

Siobhan leans back in her chair and runs her hands through her hair.

Brennan: And a crowd of people, you're in this insane carnival, and you see
that he does this carnival barker act. Make an Arcana check for me.

Siobhan: That's a 15.

Brennan: It doesn't overcome your panic, which is a good thing, because you
know that you've made the right decisions. Immediately you're like, there's no
way I've made the right decisions, but in part of your head you're like, this
is, the fact that it's gotten this phantasmagorical means you have moved deep
into the forest. As you go through the concentric rings, and the illusions
become more powerful, it becomes just true, absurd, unreality, in the orb, you
hear a voice of that woman you left on the cliff say to you,

Nightmare Adaine: This is the greatest fear, isn't it? That you will know all
the right answers, and be powerless to give them to the people who need them?

Brennan: And you see people lining up to come. You're like a little Zoltar
machine in this insane carnival of people that you see just desperately need
answers. We are going to leave Adaine there. Riz!

Siobhan: [shivers] Ugh!

Lou: Where the hell is this?

Brennan: What are you doing in this mirror world?

Murph: I think, in the sort of break from the intense anxiety from Gorgug's
message, I think Riz takes comfort in the image of his parents. And then, all
my friends are there just making out, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: I take comfort in seeing my friends there, makin' out.

Emily laughs. Lou squeezes his eyes shut and shakes his head a little.

Murph: Not in a weird way.

Zac: How much comfort?

Murph: Normal amount of comfort. And then I guess, I say to Baron,

Riz: You're wrong. I have, I love my parents. I don't need to be like them,
they love me. Kristen sacrificed herself to save me. She could've cured
herself, but she cured me instead. ...Yeah, I love my friends and they love
me.

Brennan: You see Baron says,

Baron: Oh Riz Gukgak, how can you be certain your friends love you?

Brennan: As Baron starts talking, go ahead and make Investigation check for
me.

Murph: 23.

Brennan: Ooh, baby. The mirrors can't be real. None of this is real. You look
around, and as Baron begins to sort of go, like,

Baron: What are you to your friends other than merely a detective? Tell me,
Riz Gukgak, your close friend Penny Luckstone who you searched for so much.
Did you spend much time together, or did you like her more when she was a
mystery, and not a person?

Riz: Relationships evolve. She has her crew of friends, and I'm the little
shrimp of this crew.

Brennan: A little shrimp pops into being in front of you. All the mirrors
shatter, and Baron is dead. [snaps]

Murph: [laughing] Oh my god.

Brennan: For a moment, all of you guys feel another pulse like Gorgug's pulse
through the forest.

Zac: Shrimp.

Brennan: You look, you see two things in front of you. You see the tracks of
the great unicorn. You feel confident that you could follow them, that you
have no doubt in your mind that you could head after them and catch this
unicorn. And then you see off to the woods a little bit, there is a beautiful
bed of moss with pillows and blankets in it. It looks like the nicest spot in
the world to just go to sleep and take a nap.

Murph: [makes a scrunched-up face of disgust] Is my greatest fear sleeping on
the job? I'm so lame!

Group laughs.

Lou: Oh, come on, dude. People be tryin' to shit in my mouth, and you just
have to fucking take a nap? Fuck this. Fuck this, dude.

Siobhan: Where is your coffee now?

Emily: I love this, I love this.

Murph: Riz, Riz bravely walks towards the bed. Bravely takes a nap.

Lou: Fuck you!

[continuing laughter]

Murph: Shivering the whole time.

Lou: I'm about to let a man shit in my mouth. And my man's gotta get in a bed?

Murph: I'm tossing and turning only because I'm comfortable, not because I'm
having nightmares.

Riz: [shivering] No, no!

Brennan: Incredible.

Emily: You've having nightmares that you are asleep. You're having nightmares
that you're having a good night's sleep.

Lou: Fuck you, dude.

Brennan: Okay. We're gonna do Fig. You come out of the pool. Where does Fig go
next?

Emily: Okay, I know that we're supposed to be, can I use the pool for one last
scry?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. You can use it, if you wanna use it for more than
one you can as well, but.

Emily: Okay, what I would like to do is I would like to take Ayda's feather,
scry on Ayda, and then try to Dimension Door to where she is, whenever I see
it.

Brennan: Take the thing, okay, you take Ayda's feather, use the pool to scry
on her. You see the same place you saw in the scrying with Adaine, and you
shoot off into the forest off the path, sort of no idea where you are.

Emily: Okay. Had to try. All right, so that didn't work. So I guess I'm just
gonna, I'm gonna go back to walking towards the woods.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You start walking toward the woods. Go ahead and give me a
survival check.

Emily: Okay. 7.

Brennan: You immediately become lost. You journey for hours and hours. You
take 18 points of damage. Just like briars, falls, scrapes, you know moving
through. You arrive at an ancient wood elf village. Deep in the woods, covered
with cocoons and spiderwebs everywhere. You see that the shapes in them are
roughly humanoid sized. Make a perception check for me.

Emily: 12.

Brennan: You see that some of them are less wound up than others. You also see
on the floor of this place, a griffin feather.

Emily: Okay. I pick up the griffin feather, and I look for Sandra Lynn or
Baxter.

Brennan: Make an Investigation check for me.

Emily: 9.

Brennan: You don't find Sandra Lynn on a 9. You see that some of the wood
elves are less consumed in the chrysalises. You see that there is one wood elf
in particular that actually, you've never seen an elf looking this old before.
Looks like an old woman, who you see is partially entombed in this chrysalis,
and you see that she's breathing.

Fig: Hi, excuse me. Do you need help?

Brennan: I guess make like a flat Charisma check to...

Emily: Okay, 21.

Brennan: Okay, yeah your innate sort of magic takes this slumber off, and you
see this (gasps) little old woman looks up and says,

Old Woman: Huh?

Fig: Hi, can I help you? What happened to your village? Do you guys want this
to be happening, or you don't want this to be happening?

Old Woman: [small voice, whispered] Wha? The Nightmare King, oh no, oh no.
Where?

Brennan: And you see she's just looking around, horrified. It looks like she's
part of this village that got, in the rise of the Nightmare King must have
been whatever. She says,

Old Woman: I need to find my family. I need to find my—

Fig: Yeah, I can help you find your family.

Emily: Can I help get her out of this thing?

Brennan: Yeah, you get rid of the webbing very easily. She takes your hand,
and is like for a little old lady leaning on you, she says,

Old Woman: My home is on the other side of town.

Brennan: As you start to walk with her, she looks terrified around. You sort
of have no idea where her home would be, though.

Emily: Okay, but she seems like she knows the way?

Brennan: She seems a little bit confused about where it is as well.

Emily: Okay.

Fig: Do you know any distinct landmarks that your home is near? Maybe a
babbling brook, or a 7-11?

Old Woman: I know my address.

Fig: Yeah!

Old Woman/Hilda Hilda: 22 Hilda Street. [suddenly screaming] And 22 Hilda
Boulevard!

Brennan: You see that she, from the distance, you hear (loud, deep barking).

Hilda Hilda: My big dog is tied up outside! [scary laughter]

Fig: Okay, okay, okay! What do you want from me?

Brennan: She grows another set of arms, they all have claws, and starts
running at you screaming.

Emily: Okay! I'm gonna, I'm gonna just fight her. I'm gonna fight her, okay?

Fig: You wanna fight, let's fight!

Murph: She's gonna fight Hilda Hilda?

Fig: I'm gonna fight you, Hilda Hilda.

Brennan: Incredible.

Fig: If I best you, I get to officially be Hilda Hilda.

Brennan: You begin to fight Hilda Hilda.

Lou: These are the rules of this combat. Two Hilda Hildas enter.

Emily: Although perhaps—

Lou’s chair breaks and he falls off.

Siobhan: Oh my god, are you okay?

Brennan: Are you okay?

Lou: Yeah, I'm okay.

Brennan: Oh no.

Lou: Sorry.

Brennan: Terrifying.

Lou: Keep going, keep going with the story.

Lou gets up and attempts to fix his chair.

Emily: I think I'm, yeah.

Brennan: Cool! I'm gonna say, you see a dog, a German Shepherd the size of a
dragon charges out of this forest.

Emily: Okay, I run then, yeah I run, I run.

Fig: Never mind, you can keep the name. It wasn't much use to me anyways.

Brennan: You tear off after, you tear off, oh no.

Lou removes his chair and moves Ally’s chair to his spot

Lou: I'm sorry.

Brennan: It's okay! Grabbin' Ally's chair.

Lou: Don't tell them. Nobody tell them that I did this.

Siobhan: Nobody tell them.

Lou: And when they fall off, we'll have a big laugh.

Siobhan: A real Ally move to fall off their chair.

Brennan: You. You flee from here as fast as you can. As you do, I'm going to
need you to make a, I'm gonna need you to make a Wisdom saving throw.

Emily: 7.

Murph: Oh my god.

Brennan: You flee from this village as fast as you can, and voom, freeze in
spot, float in the air, and magical bindings appear around your arms and legs.
Your illusion walks out of the forest.

Nightmare Fig: Hi.

Fig: Hi.

Brennan: You see the illusion looks at you and says,

Nightmare Fig: What do you think's gonna happen when I wear off? And Ayda
notices the real you?

Fig: I hope that she finds something that I didn't know was there.

Brennan: That beautiful sentiment reverberates through the forest. Once again,
you guys all feel, boom, and you realize that there are no mirrors here and
you can't see yourself, and you're just looking at this idealized image of
you. And you realize that the bindings on your hands and feet have become like
marionette strings. What does Fig do as the illusion begins to walk away, and
you begin to marionette march behind her?

Emily: I feel like we are supposed to, I don't know what we're supposed to do.
I'm the archdevil of rebellion. I mean, I definitely Phantasmal Force a bunch
of flying scissors to cut myself free.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You begin to snap snap snap snap snap snap snap, try to
cut yourself free. And you see this glyph comes back, and you have a vision
again of that crown in that first night's dream that you had, and you feel
your confidence sap from you with all the times you've been possessed before.
And you see that crown, and you just hear the illusion of yourself speak in
your head and say,

Nightmare Fig: Why did you want that crown so much?

Fig: I don't think I wanted it. I think they, they just used it to control me.

Brennan: The crown disassembles from gold, into coins. The coins glitter and
shine, and become the snapping of camera flashlights. The lights go up on
stage. You're up there singing.

Nightmare Fig: There's no part of you that wants a crown?

Fig: Well, see when you're on a stage, everyone sees you from a controlled
perspective. So you can put forth the front that you wanna show, and then you
can go backstage and be alone, and you can control what people see of you.

Brennan: The puppet strings tighten, and your illusion says,

Nightmare Fig: Here's all the control you're ever gonna have, if you depend on
me.

Brennan: And you feel yourself marching further into the forest, and feel that
sense of panic. Give me a, give me an Insight or an Arcana check.

Emily: 14.

Brennan: Similar to Adaine, there's a terror of how beholden am I to the image
of myself? But part of you is like, we're going the right way. The forest goes
deeper. We're gonna cut back to Gorgug.

[ambient, discordant noise]

Zac: Okay. So.

Gorgug: Okay, Mr. Sphinx? I just, I think I realized that, you know, look, not
the smartest guy, right? But, with enough time, I usually figure out what I
need to figure out. A lot of people said I couldn't make a cell tower. I
definitely could not, but after a while, I figured out something else with the
help of other people. Anyways, my point is eventually I will solve problems
that maybe smarter people can solve in a shorter amount of time. So what my
point is,

Zac: This is what Gorgug's thinking is that it's scarier to admit that he is
too stupid to figure this out, and he's just gonna say,

Gorgug: I'm a dumbass. Eat me, you stupid bug.

Sphinx: You think I'm a bug?

Brennan: The puzzle solves. (clacking noises) And the sphinx leaps at you,
turns into bugs, and is a swarm, and dissipates. The door opens, and you can
walk through. You solved the puzzle. Fabian, you are in the cave.

Lou: As I'm running...

Brennan: Oh yeah, no you're not in the cave. You're sprinting through the
forest, yeah.

Lou: I feel the pulses of the bardy boys, and remember why we're here, and the
nature of this place. And I stop running, and I don't turn around, but I just
quietly whisper,

Fabian: Shit in my fucking mouth.

Group laughs throughout.

Chungledown Bim: There he is! The man who's not a pirate.

Fabian: No, I'm not a pirate, and you're gonna shit in my mouth.

Lou: Then I lay down on the ground.

Fabian: [panicked breathing] And you, sexy rat, you're gonna fuck me or do
whatever weird fuckin' shit. I'm gonna get fucked, and I'm gonna have you shit
in my fuckin' mouth, and my friends, and you're gonna shit in my mouth, and
you're gonna fuck me. [crying] And I'm gonna save my friends. Just shit and
fuck and do whatever the fuck you want, just do it!

The cast is laughing hysterically.

Brennan: You guys feel another pulse, voom, spread throughout. [laughing] And
Fabian, making the ultimate sacrifice! Not, they look at you in absolute
dismay as the ground opens up underneath you. You hear a distant roar of the
Hangman's engine. Gold coins, and you are falling through a hole like the
dream you had at the very beginning. Literally the earth opens up right
underneath you. You escape Chungledown and the sexy rat at the same time.

Lou: [sighs] Doesn't make it better. It doesn't. I was fully ready to have
shit in my mouth.

Zac: I think it might make it better.

Lou: I don't know.

Emily: Definitely makes it better. Your mouth tastes better right now than it
would.

Lou: That’s fair.

Brennan: As you fall...

Lou: God.

Brennan: As you fall, you feel yourself actually, truly disappearing. You hear
a voice in your ear. It's Cathilda's voice.

Nightmare Cathilda: If you are your own new man, do you believe in your heart
that this new man will be extraordinary? Or will you not write your name on
the face of the world?

Brennan: And I think Fabian also senses a trap here.

Fabian: I think, yeah. I mean, I don't know what I will be. But, I like the
direction I'm going, and I'm not concerned with where I end up, 'cause I like
where I am. So maybe I'll never write my face, or my name on the world. But
I'll be with the Bad Kids.

Brennan: Gorgug, in the tunnel that you're traveling through, there is a
collapse in the roof overhead. You jump out of the way, and one of your best
friends in the world, Fabian Seacaster lands in the tunnel next to you.

Gorgug: Oh you! Fabian!

Fabian: You know, you can see me?

Gorgug: Yeah!

Lou: I run and hug Gorgug harder than I've ever hugged anyone in my whole
life.

Zac: I return the hug.

Gorgug: You've never hugged me.

Fabian: I, shut up.

Brennan: Amazing. I'm going to say you two guys, right now, [to the camera]
this episode has been wild. I'm sure you guys watching at home have been like
this is not our normal kind of episode. [to the players] You guys have been
through hell. They've been through the Nightmare Forest. You can feel yourself
near to the ends of the forest. I would like each of you guys to go ahead and
you can, I would like you guys to take your lowest ability score, which I
believe is Wisdom for Fabian. I believe it’s Intelligence for Gorgug. And you
don't have to do it, you guys can do it separately on your own while we're
moving on to another scene. You can go ahead and take 4d6 and re-roll that
ability score, and you can, if you get, but it will bump by a minimum of two,
but there's a potential for it to go over that, okay?

Zac: No matter what it'll—

Brennan: No matter what, if you roll under it, like if you, I don't wanna take
away, if you guys get a—

Lou: What if I get three sixes?

Brennan: It'll be 18.

Lou: Damn, I must be enlightened up in here dude.

Brennan: You guys do that on your own time, but it's 4d6, drop the lowest. You
guys, we're gonna do twenty episodes this season. You guys have been through
hell, and Fabian, you know, Gorgug I think as you guys hug, Gorgug you've
solved so many puzzles. In freshman year, in this year, Gorgug has had insight
into a ton of the mysteries. Gorgug is not dumb. He's just not! You figured
out satellite technology. Fabian is not unwise. You knew what mattered, and
when it counted, and you're a different person than you were. You don't have
to be the same forever. If you roll higher than you want that score to be, you
can artificially lower it.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Okay?

Zac: Why would I ever?

Group laughs.

Lou: Fabian's gonna be walking around just in a robe.

Brennan: We just want to reflect growth. Amazing. Fig, and then we'll go to
Adaine. Fig, you are marched through the woods here into the deepest part of
the Nightmare Forest. What's going on with Fig as she travels?

Emily: I think she thinks this really sucks, but she knows it's the right
thing to do, so she's just, trying to enjoy it as much as she can. You know,
like when you're on a train and it kinda bumps kinda nice and the view is
kinda nice, she's trying to experience that.

Brennan: You attempt to experience everything you can of moving through this
place. Looking at the illusion of you as you're moved through here.

Emily: Do I see Baby by that illusion of me?

Brennan: You do, yeah.

Emily: All right, at least Baby's safe.

Brennan: You're moving into the deeper part of the forest. As you move
through, you feel the water in you, the water you took from the pool start
burning. It cracks, and steam bursts, because this part of the forest is
familiar to you. This is the place where the celestials are kept up in their
webs. Ayda is nearby.

Emily: Oh, I Dimension Door now to the--

Brennan: No verbal or somatic components, 'cause you're bound. You,
heartbreaking I know.

Emily: So I can't say anything? I can't,

Fig: Pull over, pull over! Even if you're the glamorous idea of me, you still
have a freakin' crush on Ayda.

Brennan: You see the illusion of you looks back and says,

Nightmare Fig: Ayda can see me, but she can never see you. You're going away
forever.

Brennan: You see the last of the scrying water turns to steam in front of you,
and you feel the feather glow. Like you can feel the heat from it in your
side.

[soft piano music begins]

Brennan: And the scrying changes to, you see what Ayda is dreaming in this
Nightmare Forest right now. What Ayda is seeing right now is a lifetime
growing up on Leviathan. You see all these images of her and other lives
screaming at her to be better, and to do better. That she is not enough. You
see this struggle to be herself. You see her navigating Leviathan as a child.
And you see this internal monologue shape on her face through all the times
that she didn't understand something, and nobody explained it to her. And you
see you appearing in her life. The you that appears in her life is not the
illusion. It's really you. And it's the first person that ever looked at her,
and saw her for who she was, and was kind. And she speaks to all these
versions of herself that are very different from Fig's other version of
herself, but in many ways, just the same. And they say,

Previous Ayda: How could it be logical or reasonable that someone as
incredible as Figueroth Faeth would find any quality of yours redeemable, or
worthwhile?

Emily is holding back tears.

Brennan: And you see Ayda saying to herself,

Ayda: The fact that I have not found such a quality in myself does not mean
that someone as brilliant as Figueroth couldn't find something in me
worthwhile.

Brennan: And the exact sentiment you echoed of her, she echoes of you, and you
are brought to a space between the trees, bound. You are in the center of this
forest, but all of the fear leaves you. Whatever your persona is, your social
media presence, viral shrimp parties. There is someone who didn't even know
what a rock star was, who had their whole life changed by you just being
yourself, and that's never gonna go anywhere. Riz, you're napping.

Emily: I sit down and I write the song, "She Likes Me for Me," which doesn't
exist yet in this world.

Group laughs.

Brennan: What I would love now, actually, you see by the way that Riz is
completely bound up, like across from you. You're farther away from where Ayda
is now, but you are bound up. [mimes hands being bound over his head] Riz is
there as well, but he's fast asleep, just (snores) like snoozin' away.

Emily: I don't wanna wake him. But he would actually probably make a pretty
funny sound.

Brennan: Riz and Fig, I wanna offer you the same thing that I offered Gorgug
and Fabian. In my opinion, it feels like Wisdom would be the score for both of
you as well to be—

Emily: Actually Strength is my lowest, but maybe I would boost something else.
Yeah, Wisdom is the thing that keeps messing me up and making me get
controlled.

Brennan: Yeah, I think, so—

Murph: Yeah Wisdom or Strength is my lowest.

Brennan: Is what your lowest ones are? I think that your solutions to these
issues were not strength-based, and so I think, I will offer you the same
exact thing I offered to Gorgug and Fabian. Adaine. You are in this insane
carnival orb. As you are here, you hear the voice of that lonely mourner on
the cliffside.

Nightmare Adaine: You were always very clever, Adaine. You've done everything
right. Closed your eyes, stepped off the cliff. There's only one thing left
for now. This is your last chance to speak with me if there's anything you'd
like to ask.

Adaine: Why don't you have friends now?

Nightmare Adaine: The years will pass on and on. All of them will in their
time, come to their own ends. The passing of ages. You will stand watch over a
world, knowing the answers, but as clear as my sight is, I do not yet know if
answers help the conditions of the world. It may be possible to see forever,
and still not have an answer.

Adaine: I think that the only answer is that you have to keep looking for
love. I don't know if you're real. I don't know if you can hear me.

Nightmare Adaine: Of all your friends…

Brennan: You see the images in the orb begin to appear of Bill, you know “my
darling boy”, you know, hugging Fabian. The amazing Thistlesprings, “there you
go bud!” And ants on a log. You see Gilear and Gorthalax. You see Sklonda
rubbing Riz's head. You even see the Applebees, who as horrible as they were
to Kristen, wished that she had stayed. The voice quivers as it speaks to you.

Nightmare Adaine: Many questions I can answer, and yet, one remains, as early
as any in my life. I do not know why I was so easy to discard.

Adaine: I think that, I don't know, I think some things don't have answers.
Perhaps, the same reason that you no longer have friends. Because the
attachment, and the potential of loss is scarier than not feeling anything at
all.

Nightmare Adaine: Do you ever fear that the kindness shown to you by your
friends is a reflection of their character? Our family did not love us. And
perhaps there is some trait of us that made that easy.

Adaine: [crying] Yeah, I fear that all the time. I fear it every day. But I
know that my friends do love me. And so, maybe there's hope for us yet.

Brennan: You feel that flicker of hope, and, you guys all [zapping noise],
feel that from Adaine. And the voice pauses for a long time and says,

Nightmare Adaine: You must let it go for now. For all your cleverness, you
know that this is not real, and now you must make it real. The last step to
the center of the forest.

Brennan: And you feel the little wisp of that hope, and you can just let it
go, if you wish.

Siobhan: Yeah, I let it go.

The hope blows away.

Brennan: You know that all of this has been an illusion, and you know
therefore that there's always been a part of you keeping it from being fully
scary because you were sure that you had the right answer, and now you take
the last step by making it real. Your orb is no longer filled with water.
You-- psh! Appear in the dark heart of the Nightmare King's forest.

[music change: ambient, dark, discordant noise]

Brennan: This clearing is filled with a red glow. You see roiling red eyes,
and a gem deep in a broken chest as Killian stares at you. You are in a prison
orb. Standing before you are your mother, your sister, and your father. Your
mother has just finished the spell, summoning you to this orb. She looks up at
you. Your sister is not making eye contact with you. She still has many levels
of exhaustion, and is just staring completely dejectedly at the forest floor.
Your father has a huge swollen eye, arm in a sling, longsword, deep green
cloak and traveler's clothes. With his one good eye, he glares at you
murderously. Your mother, who has this sort of curse wound on her neck, and on
her hands. You don't see the crown anywhere on her. Looks up at you and goes,

Arianwen: [sighs] Adaine. It's good to see you.

Adaine: Is it?

Arianwen: Yes, very.

Siobhan: Can I message Aelwyn?

Adaine: [through Message] Are you okay, what's going on?

Brennan: You message Aelwyn. She Messages you back, and just flatly— she was
in high spirits when you saw her leave, she had a villainous escape. Something
has happened. You see she looks and says, her eyes look up and meet yours and
she says, mentally,

Aelwyn: [through message] Adaine, for once, it's better to just do what they
ask. Please.

Brennan: Your mother approaches. She says,

Arianwen: Adaine, you should know that your friends are all alive. Nothing bad
is going to happen to any of them. You're not in trouble, but we know that
you, given your druthers, would attempt to stop us without even talking to us
about what our plan is.

Adaine: Why would I care if I was in trouble with you?

Brennan: See, your father says,

Angwyn: An instinct for self-preservation, perhaps.

Adaine: [shrugs] What else can you do to me that is worse than what you've
already done?

Brennan: Your father's about to answer, and Arianwen puts a hand up and quiets
him, and says,

Arianwen: Adaine, listen to me. Everything is almost done. We are at the
center of the forest, we have everything we need. We are going to bring the
Nightmare King back.

Adaine: Why?

Brennan: You see she looks at you and says,

Arianwen: It's very simple. Certain promises were broken. When a promise is
broken, a person has communicated that they can no longer be trusted, so, new
allies must be found. It's as simple as that.

Adaine: [shaking her head] That doesn't explain anything to me. Why am I here,
why are you here?

Arianwen: You are here because you have a role to play in this yet, because we
don't know what your friends are up to, or what they're going to try. So we
need to understand what your game is here. If you explain what you know, what
you've been communicating in secret behind a Message cantrip, how you've been
attempting to stop Kalina, all of that, we will keep your friends alive. The
Court of Stars imprisoned your sister. They said, if I brought the Nightmare
King crown to them, they would release her, and they did not keep their
promise.

Adaine: So you're gonna bring back the Nightmare King, because they wouldn't
release Aelwyn?

Arianwen: The Abernants have always been a very important family. And the
disgrace that was brought upon our house, largely, darling, by your actions,
must be ameliorated. I don't think that this was my first, or second or third
choice of action, but I've consistently found my hands tied over and over
again. If we are to be restored to our proper station, then we must take
drastic measures.

Adaine: How did you make it here? How did you make it here, and through all of
your fear, and still be so deluded?

Brennan: You see, you see Aelwyn looks up and says,

Aelwyn: You didn't do the dusk moss ritual to get through all that?

Adaine: Yeah, we did.

Brennan: Arianwen looks at you and says,

Arianwen: I think you may have improvised some sort of hasty dusk moss ritual.

Adaine: And yet here I am. Wiser than every other person here, apparently.

Brennan: Incredible. Speaking of wiser, Adaine, I'm gonna offer you the same
that I offered to all your friends through this insane phantasmagoria through
the forest.

Siobhan: For Wisdom?

Brennan: You can take it for Wisdom if you want. If there's another ability
that you, probably not, I would say probably Wisdom, or Charisma maybe, but
either one you can take that on.

Siobhan: Okay. [rolls]

Brennan: You see Arianwen looks at you and says,

Arianwen: Darling, I know.

Brennan: She starts crying. She says,

Arianwen: I don't know how to make you believe in this family, and I've never
known. I don't know why you can't be like Aelwyn, and see that we are
together. I don't know how to make it clear.

Adaine: You've been so cruel to me, and so loveless to me. Why would I believe
in you? [about to cry] My friends were warmer to me on the first day that I
met them than you ever have been my whole life.

Arianwen: That's not true. I've been a very loving mother.

Brennan: You see on her face just a deep, I guess make an Insight check with
advantage.

Siobhan: 22.

Brennan: You see the most genuine shock in the world, as you suggest that she
was not warm, and you watch someone truly and fully not have any clue who and
what they are.

Adaine: I, I don't know how to… I don't know how to tell you that, I'm so much
better than you think I am.

Arianwen: Adaine, I understand that you believe that, but now is the time to
prove it.

Adaine: No! Not in the way that you want me to prove it.

Arianwen: [louder] Adaine, what is love without expectation? What is that?

Adaine: What is expectation without love? That's what you've given me.

Arianwen: I'm becoming upset, and I don't want to be upset in front of you.

Adaine: Your expectations are idiotic. Look at who I am.

Arianwen: We simply don't have time. Angwyn, I need to get started.

Brennan: You see that your mom takes Killian, walks out of the clearing.
Angwyn steps forward with Aelwyn remaining here. Angwyn looks up at you, and
says,

Angwyn: When we're done with you, Adaine, if you have not come to your senses,
I will find what is wrong with your mind, and I will change it.

Adaine: [slowly shaking her head] You've been trying to do that for a very
long time, and I'm sorry to tell you that it has not worked.

Brennan: His hand crackles with light, and he says,

Angwyn: Perhaps I have not been using the correct instruments.

Brennan: Riz? You come to in a clearing across from Fig. You are both fully
restrained, and bound.

Riz: [whispering] Fig.

Fig: [whispering back] Hey.

Riz: Hey.

Fig: Are you restrained by your blankets?

Riz: Yeah, I think so. Is this what happens every night when people sleep with
blankets?

Fig: Absolutely not.

Riz: Okay.

Fig: Yeah. You might've just got super knotted up if you had a bad dream,
though.

Riz: Okay. I'm glad you're okay.

Fig: Yeah, me too.

Brennan: You guys hear (clucking tongue like hooves) and see a skeletal
unicorn enter the glade. Its horned skull looks from one to the other. And you
feel the presence of a growing malevolence in the heart of the forest. Adaine,
you are staring at your father, and to his side, Aelwyn is there. Gorgug and
Fabian, you guys are journeying through a deep tunnel. You come out of the
edge of the tunnel, and as you do so, you push at this rock and debris. The
landscape is an endless ocean of mist. Rising from them are enormous islands
of stone. Columns of pure rock that have forest on top of them. Almost like
how cliff spires of rock would come out of a coastline, but instead out of
endless mist. Between the spars of rock covered in forest, there are some
long, snaking, rickety bridges. As you see about 200 feet of cliff above you,
you sense your friends nearby, but you know that the endless, inky abyss of
the mist waits underneath you. But you know you are close.

Fabian: Spring break?

Gorgug: Spring break.

Brennan: That's all for this episode of "Fantasy High." Tune in next week, and
we'll see you guys then.

Players groan.

Lou: Jesus fucking Christ, dude. That's the worst thing I've ever done. That's
the single worst thing I've ever done.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 19: Spring Break! I Believe In
You!](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSDBNpozKvKjXX77ofJvRIZhfsm9OPViBWG1NkICdki3OSn5HAcoXT_R5twOdGrb2hCYMKAVfxWdIw7/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650568408850&usg=AOvVaw0hJu6X2wz2EXKFj8MgA7Rg)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by: gluegunshots, Hana, Ruth, Ashherner, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjox5qWezCkmtnww-
_J0yjk-_bmQxdql_cbYFHREJLy8i4JXNSAgDUXNn-ZnMPnXjoTib9LcBbmrWLwQZMMw:0)

Episode 19: Spring Break! I Believe In You! (Part 1)

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 19: Spring Break! I Believe In You!

(Part 1)

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vT5ZQ8D-tlWGabunUAg0_LYbZKRDXHVZcF-z8h6c73LpT9v7Z5184iIHakqHv7W3QsDUsE8xa7CiNy3/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650570512105&usg=AOvVaw3j3Z9hzvpsmgE4vzyznc01)]
| [[Next
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vR292p0bQ3wu9w1aZne4jrtimWs3atsFxVHp9gRnbpqwMSQi6UC9M2vJKCv9-s9n6LYJZ6LixGQuK_Y/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650570512499&usg=AOvVaw3BZI3bdpFr0nQSERbL9_je)]
>

[Significant Figures Fan Album plays]

Burn Towns Get Money

(upbeat rock music)

I just wanna be rich and get money

and burn this town to the ground

So listen up cuz I’m gonna start a riot and I

Don’t care if you see my underwear

Font kick to the face

Not a lady no grace and I

I like to think that I am the fucking best

So let’s go and make a mess

Tear it up, tear it down

Cause I wanna see fire rise to the sky

so pour the gasoline out

I wanna swim in gold and rival the stars

so get a match and throw it out

Stand by me

Paint the town with me

Repeat after me

Burn towns (burn towns)

Burn towns get money

Stand by me

Paint the town with me

Repeat after me

Burn towns (burn towns)

Burn towns get money

You don’t have to be rich to wreck shop

Just get a couple of friends

Who’ll stay with you ‘til the end

and head out to the

Wide world just your squad and your bass

Carve it onto its face

That the Cig Figs were here

You know you best

and you’re better than the rest

Guck what other people say

Tear it up tear it down

Cause I wanna see fire rise to the sky

So pour the gasoline out

I wanna swim in gold and rival the stars

So get a match and throw it out

Stand by me

Paint the town with me

Repeat after me

Burn towns (burn towns)

Burn towns get money

Stand by me

Paint the town with me

Repeat after me

Burn towns (burn towns)

Burn towns get money

Sometimes I miss the safety that towns bring

But then I remember I’m fucking rich, and I don’t need to live in a town

3, 4!

Stand by me

Paint the town with me

Repeat after me

Burn towns (burn towns)

Burn towns get money

Stand by me

Paint the town with me

Repeat after me

Burn towns (burn towns)

Burn towns get money

My Boat Is A Van

(light guitar music)

I'm feeling really bad and my van is a boat

I'm feeling really sad and my boat is a van

These feelings that I have like a frog in my throat

So I take Boggy by the hand and... Hey, are you my dad?!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

The Night Yorb is coming for us!

Zelda's feeling bad and my van is a boat

Zelda's feeling sad and my boat is a van

My girlfriend's really mad and she's also a goat

I'm fawning for a faun, I don't know what's going on

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

The Night Yorb is coming for us!

Bad Kids, Bad Kids, sometimes we're the Sad Kids

I'm bad kid, I'm baa'd kid, I'm sorry for what I did

Bad Kids, Bad Kids, sometimes we're the Sad Kids

I'm bad kid, I'm baa'd kid, I'm sorry for what I did

The Night Yorb is coming for us!

The Night Yorb is coming for us!

The Night Yorb is coming for us!

...and my van is a boat

Actor

(picked guitar backing)

I've been so many people,

More than you'll ever meet,

I've worn so many faces around

They now all go skin deep

I've made myself an expert

At letting myself fade away

Sometimes I can't help but fear

That I got lost in the haze

Light the pyre, baby

'Cause I'm not slowing down

I'm an actor, a liar

Spinning you around

I'm on fire, baby

Burning like a star

I'm an actor, a liar

And I've made it this far

I can't keep myself together

Everything goes wrong

Changing who I think I am

With each new tragic song

It's happening again

I see I've been here before

I know you so well, but as for myself

These days I'm still unsure

Light the pyre, baby

'Cause I'm not slowing down

I'm an actor, a liar

Spinning you around

I'm on fire, baby

Burning like a star

I'm an actor, a liar

I've made it this far

Can't tell the truth, can't let it slip

Here's what I want, here's how I get it

Can't tell the truth, can't stop the lies

It's fine, it's all part of my disguise

Can't feel a thing, can't be myself

I'm numb if I'm not someone else

Can't feel a thing, can't let it hurt

Those pretend feelings and empty flirts

So

Light the pyre, baby

'Cause I'm not slowing down

I'm an actor, a liar

Spinning you around

I'm on fire, baby

Burning like a star

I'm an actor, a liar

And I've made it this far

Yeah I'm an actor, a liar

Hope I don't go too far

Phoenix

(light guitar music)

The darkness closes in

and i am not myself tonight

Surrounded I’m caged in

but I can’t help but feel delight

Under night sky

in the moonlight

I’m seeing clearly

What’s a telescope but a spyglass pointed at the stars

It may bring them closer to our vision but not to our hearts

Can you hear their song will you let it’s fire live inside of you

until your eyes burn bright

The phoenix comes alive tonight

I’m invisible but you see me

And for the first time i’m not thinking bout where else I’d rather be

And though you scare me

like I scare you

I’ve got a feeling it’d be scarier to run away

And truth was never my strong suit

But I want you to know me

and I wanna know me too

What’s a telescope but a spyglass pointed at the stars

It may bring them closer to our vision but not to our hearts

Can you hear their song will you let it’s fire live inside of you

until your eyes burn bright

The phoenix comes alive tonight

I’ll go dancing in the flames

if it means I dance with you

and I’ll leave early from the party

if it means I leave with you

I’ll sign my pride away

if that’s what you want me to do

I can’t promise I won’t change

but I wanna change with you

What’s a telescope but a spyglass pointed at the stars

It may bring them closer to our vision but not to our hearts

Can you hear their song will you let it’s fire live inside of you

until your eyes burn bright

The phoenix comes alive tonight

Satellite

(gentle ukulele music)

I thought it would be alright

Two weeks isn't that long a time

But I miss you everyday

It hurts to be so far away

From you, from you

I fucked up a couple times

Broke my promise, lost my mind

A cell tower's hard to find

But I got a satellite

For you, to talk to you

My satellite, I'll get to you

My satellite, I wish you knew

Saving the world's pretty cool

But it'd be better with you

I just want to see you smile

And talk to you for a while

You know I'd do everything

Slay a dragon, kill a king

For you, for you

And I'll be back soon enough

Be it easy, be it tough

I promise it will be okay

Here's the first thing I will say

To you, I love you

My satellite, I'll get to you

My satellite, I wish you knew

Saving the world's pretty cool

But it'd be better with you

My satellite, my satellite

My satellite, satellite

My satellite

My satellite, I'll get to you

My satellite, I wish you knew

Saving the world's pretty cool

But it'd be better with you

Yeah, saving the world's pretty cool

But it'd be better with you

I’ll Pray

(gentle music)

The path ahead forsaken, there’s no way to turn back

There’s nothing left to follow, as I stumble through pitch black

I once had my life laid out for me, a simple step-by-step

But that was rudimentary, I’m no longer like that

I’ll learn to be auspicious; despite my family tree

I’ve dabbled in capricious and found that its for me

I know that I have powers far beyond what they could dream

I’ve died and gone to heaven, and it’s really not my scene

And something deep inside of me keeps telling me I’m wrong

And I’m letting it guide me to the beat of my own song

And I’ll pray, pray to those who’d listen

And I’ll pray to everyone still left

And I’ll pray ’til I don’t need your permission

And I’ll pray

And I’ll learn your name

A forest full of secrets, nightmares unforeseen

Exposing all our weakness, and pulling down the screen

I’m standing here before you, laying out my all

I pray to you please unnamed Goddess, don’t let me fall

And there’s no use in pretending I’m helpless and lost

I’ll follow you through darkness whatever the cost

And I’ll pray, pray to those who’d listen

And I’ll pray to everyone still left

And I’ll pray ’til I don’t need your permission

And I’ll pray

And I’ll learn your name

This emptiness inside has led me this far

My friends are by my side whenever it gets dark

It’s time to vanquish doubt, and this is where I’ll start

I know you’ll hear my call - I feel it in my-

Love Me For Me

(soft synth)

I don’t think I’ve ever felt loved

I don’t think I’ve ever belonged

I don’t think I’ve ever felt loved

I think that I always feel wrong

But would you love me for me

That’s all that I ask

Would you love me for me

Despite my rocky past

I know that we’re all hurting

But friends don’t be blue

At least I know I’m hurting with you

I think that with you I feel loved

I think that with you I belong

I think that with you I feel loved

That’s why I am singing this song

You all love me for me

It’s more than I can ask

You all love me for me

Despite my rocky past

I know that we’re all scared

But friends don’t be blue

At least I know I’m scared here with you

Of all the hardships that I have been through

I’ve never been more frightened than in this forest with no clue

But I have a secret no king can behold

My friends are around me, fear loses control

And I love me for me

It was hard at first pass

But I love me for me

My friends they have my back

I know that we’re still hurting

But friends don’t be blue

At least I know I’m safe here with you

We Didn’t Start the Bad Kids

(upbeat music)

Arthur Aguefort’s Academy

Bad Kids first day tragedy

In its ass, Tasha’s laughter

Zayn, corn cutie lunch disaster

Kristen, Gorgug back to life

Gibbons has to pay the price

Penny Crystal Palimpsest

Identify, “ah, yes”

Owlbears, backpack kid

Hoot growl, Black Pit

Cubby’s, bad luck

Ice cream, Johnny doesn’t fuck

They meet Tracker and Jawbone

Spirit Guardians healing zone

Panic attack, lycanthropy

Sick bass drops, and sea shanties

We didn't start the bad kids

There was no prevention

Twentieth dimension

We didn't start the bad kids

Didn't want to fight it

But we stand united

We can start a prayer chain

Sexy rat? please explain

Gorthalax, papa vulture

Fig’s suggestion, Jace & Porter

Daddy’s little demon

Kristen’s family harvestmen,

Adaine has a web to spin

Fig gets her kisses in

KVX no lollipops

Trust in teachers fully stops

Hellmouth, clues search

Someone breaks into the church

Bloodrush field, Gorgug flew

What would Ricky Martin do

Ragh is dead and then alive

Daybreak should just fucking die

We didn't start the bad kids

There was no prevention

Twentieth dimension

We didn't start the bad kids

Didn't want to fight it

But we stand united

The Ball kills with no dismay

And we think that Ragh is gay

Aelwyn is here to fuck

Fabian is awestruck

Cheerleaders, time stop

Am I my dad? Probably not

Kippers from a halfling maid

Agueforts’ spicy escapades

[Instrumental]

Gorgug has a freaking crush

She likes screamo very much

Also punk, metal

Rage metal, and death metal,

Scream metal, mad metal

Hate metal, crazy metal,

Smash metal, slice metal

And motherfucking chop metal

We didn't start the bad kids

There was no prevention

Twentieth dimension

We didn't start the bad kids

Didn't want to fight it

But we stand united

Maidens’ spell in sister’s room

Incel Biz, box of doom,

Seven maidens arcade game

To save them we have to play

Prizes case, Riz gets stuck

Gorgug really ages up

Blackmail, kids in jail

Lit molotov cocktail

Goldenrod's Kalvaxus

Things descend to madness

Long rest, god switch

“You ate my dad, i'll eat you bitch”

We didn't start the bad kids

There was no prevention

Twentieth dimension

We didn't start the bad kids

Didn't want to fight it

But we stand united

Fig and Gorgug start a band

Siobhan’s sugar dice revenge

Friendship section library

Dragon madness, imp baby

I disguise myself as him

Skype call, chungle:down bim,

Lou wilson, bless this union

Magic STI confusion

Nat 20, very nice

Brennan has to eat his dice

Zac Oyama, quesadilla

Emily with Hilda Hilda

Brian murphy, little beans

Shrimp party livestream

Ally Beardsley, “being gay

when you are here you’re familay”

We didn't start the bad kids

There was no prevention

Twentieth dimension

We didn't start the bad kids

But we’re going strong and we’ll adventure on, and on, and on, and on, and on,
and on, and on, and on, and on

We didn't start the bad kids

There was no prevention

Twentieth dimension

We didn't start the bad kids

Didn't want to fight it

But we stand united

We didn't start the bad kids

There was no prevention

Twentieth dimension

We didn't start the bad kids

Didn't want to fight it

But we stand united

[ALBUM ENDS]

[BROADCAST BEGINS]

Brennan: Welcome, one and all, to a very exciting episode of Dimension 20
Live! I'm your humble dungeon master, Brennan Lee Mulligan. With me as always,
in spirit and teleconferencingly, are our intrepid heroes, say hi, intrepid
heroes.

All: Hi, intrepid heroes!

Brennan: Oh, beautiful. Well, one and all, welcome back to this incredible
finale for Fantasy High Sophomore Year, the continuing adventure of the Bad
Kids, teen heroes from the Aguefort Adventuring Academy, on their spring break
mission to retrieve the crown of the Nightmare King. If you're wondering why
we are now a series of heads in boxes rather than people sitting around a
table, you're probably watching this way after the fact, and thankfully have
survived the global coronavirus pandemic, because we are recording this due to
maintaining social distancing in quarantine.

Zac, Ally, Siobhan, and Lou pretend to be playing different instruments to the
beat of the adventurous background music.

Brennan: Everyone, please do as much as you can, wash your hands to prevent
the spreading of this virus, and help take care of your fellow human beings.
We all got it, we're all working together. For all of you at home, if you're
watching this, again, months or years after the fact, that's what's going on
right now.

Ally: If you found this VHS tape in a heap of rubble.

Emily: As you uncover the Statue of Liberty.

Brennan: Please piece together the mystery of why this webcast was downloaded
onto a VHS tape.

Emily: Me, it was me. I'll admit it now.

Brennan: Emily did it. Incredible. A little recap. Spring break started with
our teen heroes, the Bad Kids, who successfully defeated their vice principal
at the end of prom at the end of freshman year. We're now on their spring
break sophomore year to retrieve the crown of the Nightmare King.

Zac flashes two metal hands. Lou pretends to punch the screen. Ally joins him
in punching as Brenan continues to recap.

Brennan: They've gone to the pirate city of Leviathan, they've gone to the
elven homeland of Fallinel, to the gnomish and wood elf conclave of Arborlee
and deep into the heart of the Nightmare Forest to retrieve the crown of the
Nightmare King. They've discovered the four transubstantiations, they have
followed the Abernant family, Adaine's family, deep into the forest, they have
saved each other, made new friends and allies, and now they have faced their
greatest fears. Five of our intrepid heroes made it all the way to the heart
of the Nightmare King's forest, facing the unknown, all of the dread that
these dark woods could put upon them. However, one we still presume to be
dead. How dead remains to be seen as we conclude the story of Fantasy High
Sophomore Year!

Cast cheers.

Ally pretends to be dead in their chair.

Lou: Made us sound real cool, dude. We sounded cool as hell in that
description.

Siobhan: So cool, so freaking cool.

Brennan: So freaking cool.

Emily: [through a sip of coffee] Ally!

Siobhan: This is the most work I've done in months, it feels like.

Ally: [laughing] Brennan called me separately and asked that I just play dead
for five hours.

Brennan: Last we left Kristen, you were in the Chapel of the Unnamed Goddess.
After having rolled a nat 20 Religion check, you communed with a voice from
beyond. The voice was filled with cold, icy bitterness and rage. And as you
spoke, saying "I have praise to offer you," the voice responded, "what praise
will you have in death?" You watched as the horn of a skeletal unicorn burst
through your rib cage, covered in blood, and you collapsed to the ground.
Dead.

Ally: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: What is going through Kristen Applebees's mind in her final moments?

Ally: Okay. So I'm definitely thinking that felt, I don't know what was giving
me this impression, but I do feel like that was a success, or you know, maybe
even a critical roll, you know. I don't know where these words are coming
from, but it does seem like maybe what was supposed to happen was good, but
instead I have been stabbed by an old, dead horse. So. (laughs) Pain,
betrayal, anger.

Brennan: In your moment of feeling pain, anger, and betrayal, you have a
vision of a woman taller than a mountain standing in the midst of a forest,
the trees only reach her ankles as she stands astride the world, surrounded by
a thunderstorm like none you have ever seen in your mortal life. Lightning
strikes her over and over again as she screams and rends her face with her
fingernails. Each time the lightning strikes, her flesh vanishes and you see a
tormented skeleton within her as she is being killed by the lightning storm
around her. You feel pain, anger, and betrayal. You have been destroyed, and
you feel that you are communing directly with a moment of pain, anger, and
betrayal 850 years prior. You don't think you failed. The feeling you're
feeling completely attaches you and gives you profound insight. The vision of
this screaming giantess deity flickers in front of your mind, and you feel the
betrayal and pain of someone or something that was trying to warn people that
this is what would happen and they didn't listen. You have your vision. You're
waiting for death to come, you're not losing consciousness. [music fades out]
You're lying on the floor of the chapel, but you're not sure. You feel blood
soaking all through your shirt, your shorts, pooling around you on the ground.
What does Kristen do?

Ally: Can I make a Perception check to see if I died, or?

Brennan: Yeah, make a Perception check.

Ally: Okay, let's see. 19.

Brennan: You don't feel dead.

Ally: Who's around me? Is everyone still there?

Brennan: Having come back from the vision, the room is filled with dust. You
don't feel pain in your chest anymore. As you move a finger to like,
investigate, the tips of your fingers touch a wet, bloody hole in your chest.
Do you go deeper to try to feel into the wound?

Ally: Can I cast Light on one hand and then like investigate myself?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely. You cast Light, and like, use the screen of your
crystal to kind of look in. You see a huge hole. You can't really see through
to the other side, 'cause your organs and musculature have closed up on the
hole, but you can like push through and your heart is destroyed. It is torn
up. And as you are there, you realize you haven't, I think you probably gasp a
little bit or take a breath, and you realize that you had not up until that
point been breathing.

Ally: I'm dead. I'm dead. Can I cast Detect Good and Evil on myself?

Brennan: You detect nothing. You don't detect any good or evil anywhere. As
you cast a spell, by the way, the pinky finger of your right hand, something
has like bitten the end of your finger off. Your finger is like injured, it's
just like, it's bleeding. You also see that like, the blood is not pumping out
of you anymore, 'cause your heart is no longer beating, but you are like
dripping, you're kind of warm still, you don't feel undead. There's no like, I
can no longer taste the air, you just are neither living nor dead.

Ally: Okay. My Catholic dad was right about purgatory. I'm just kind of
chillin'. I guess I try to get up and see if I can walk with no blood.

Brennan: You get up, it knocks some more blood loose out of your body, but you
don't seem to need it, you can still move. You, yeah.

Ally: Can I look out the window and see what it looks like outside?

Brennan: No window in the chapel, and in fact, the door is sealed up, but you
see that there is a huge, like, cleaved hole in the wall, like some huge
object smashed a hole in the wall near part of the chapel.

Ally: Can I check my crystal and see what date it is?

Brennan: Oh, it's been probably like, an hour or 90 minutes since you and the
rest of the Bad Kids walked into the temple.

Ally: Okay, I cast a Cure Wounds on myself.

Brennan: Awesome. [passes hand over chest as if sealing a hole] You cast Cure
Wounds on yourself. You knit your body back together so at least your blood
stops falling out in a really uncomfortable, disquieting way, so now you have
these like two pale scars, one on your chest and another one on your back.

Kristen: [touches back] Oh, whoa.

Brennan: Yeah, you feel like knit over. But it's like translucent pale,
because the blood isn't flowing to it, so it's like kind of room temperature
dead skin, but it's keeping the holes, and you heal over, but it looks like
you had an amputation on like the last knuckle of your pinky finger, like that
just heals over, but you don't have the bone for it.

Lou chuckles.

Emily: Are you like Wolverine now?

Siobhan: No, I took one of your finger bones just so we could Reincarnate.

Emily: Ohhhh. Yeah.

Ally: Okay, I guess I try to see if I can get outta here.

Brennan: Awesome. Do you walk back the way you guys came in, or further in?

Ally: Further in. I still have a glowing hand and I'm doing this. [makes a
metal hand]

Brennan: [copies the metal hand] Light moves forward. You walk through the
rest of the temple, you see some signs of like a dusk moss ritual. How is
Kristen feeling about her friends that have like, left her here?

Ally: Have they left? I can't really tell. Like it just seems like,

are there any footprints I can look for to see where they went?

Brennan: Make a Survival check.

Ally: Yeah, definitely, okay. Oh yeah, baby, that's a 23.

Brennan: Your friends' tracks lead out of here.

Ally: The way they came in?

Brennan: No, deeper into the forest. First Riz, Adaine's do not lead out,
Gorgug's do, Fig's also lead out. You, at this moment, cannot remember Fabian.
He is like washed from your mind at this point.

Ally: Who? [smiles]

Brennan: Fabian is gone, like you cannot literally recall.

Ally: Who's Fabian?

Cast laughs. Lou shakes his head.

Ally: Okay. Okay. Fuck, can I do something to try to like commune with
Tracker? Is there any way of like...

Brennan: Hell yeah. Go ahead, with that high Survival, you find a weird, dark
looking oracular pool right before the end of the temple. Go ahead and make a
Religion check here.

Emily: Since Kristen did look for our footprints, might she noticed Fig's
boots going to it?

Brennan: Yes, you would notice Fig's boots going to this pool.

Ally: Cool, I got a 24 on that Religion.

Brennan: Your hand glows, and another source of light comes out.

Siobhan, Zac, Emily, Ally and Brennan all make the metal hand.

Brennan: The thin layer of skin over your heart is shedding a little bit of
golden light, as though something radiant were buried inside your chest, and
you see the pool shimmer, ripple, and then go completely still. You see the
sun reflected in this pool, deep within the bowels of the temple.

Ally: Is this a Helioic temple?

Brennan: Not at all, this was a temple from the tribes of Sylvaire to the
unnamed goddess. But you see the sun reflected in it now.

Ally: Okay. So, okay.

Brennan: And as you dwell on Tracker, a crescent moon sails across the
reflection of the water, as though this were reflecting a sky, even though it
is deep within the temple.

Ally: Okay. Cool.

Brennan: You feel the light extend from your hand towards the pool, and feel a
beckoning from the pool, and this is a strange forest. You don't know that the
beckoning is safe, but you have some inclination that if there is not safety
in this pool, there are at least answers in this pool.

[dark, spooky, mysterious piano music]

Ally: Okay, I go into the pool.

Brennan: You go into the pool. What is Kristen thinking and feeling as she
goes into the pool?

Ally: I'm seeing this moon, so I'm wondering if maybe it will connect me
somehow with Tracker, or I know I saw Fig's footprints, so I'm wondering if
she's around. Can I feel in the pool to see if Fig is, you know, at the bottom
or something like that, or?

Brennan: Yeah, you can absolutely do that.

Ally: I drag the pool.

Brennan: You begin to drag the pool, as you go deeper, you begin to… You move
deeper in, and suddenly the sun glows bright. The moon glows bright. You get
to the bottom of the pool, and as you're digging around and dredging up to try
to find Fig somewhere, you pull through and come up for air, (gasps) and you
are in this lake in the middle of like, a misty pine forest. You see that
there is a field with some like horses running through it. Give me another
Religion check.

Ally: 17?

Brennan: You are in the outer planes. You are not in the Nightmare Forest
anymore. The pool, you have communed, also you have moved through life and
death, the outer planes are afterlives, they are where souls go after they
die.

Ally: (sighs) Okay.

Brennan: You have literally died before. But you feel very vulnerable right
now. What you are in this state is almost something neither alive nor dead.
It's almost as if your soul, which is supposed to be this eternal thing, has
been given a physical, tangible body. So something that is supposed to be
invincible and immortal is now clothed in flesh, like you yourself are
transubstantiated, you are not any longer a being made of matter and spirit,
you are one and the same, they are knitted together. As you are in the lake,
you see, from a high clearing up through the forest, and there's mist all
around, you hear like sweet birdsong and a rustling of pine needles and leaves
on the wind, and you see a meadow as the quality of light in the sky dims to
dust, as a meadow fills with radiant gold and silver light, and you hear a
voice speak, resonating from the center of your chest, going,

Voice: [deep, gravelly voice] Kristen, it's okay. You can come home.

Ally: Is that my, wait. Who's that?

Brennan: It's not your dad, but man did you feel like it was your dad for a
second. Didn't sound like your dad, but when he spoke, it felt like Dad.

Ally: Was it Jawbone?

Brennan: Only one way to find out. You have to go to the clearing.

Ally: Okay, I run to the clearing.

Brennan: You [panting] run through. In the clearing are two thrones. There is
a golden throne, with geometric patterns and lines and rays moving out from
it, and you see a long white-haired, bearded, robed old man whose eyes radiate
the warmth and ferocity of the sun. He is powerful and ancient and wise, and
there is a sternness to him and a comfort to him, as though he will provide
for you if you leave his authority unquestioned forever. And seated next to
him, in a chair of silver birch with interlocking vines and leaves and twigs
of like wicker and plant life, all silvery white, is a beautiful elven woman
in a gown of deep blue flecked with silver, a huge medallion of the moon
around her neck. You see that you are beholding Sol, god of the sun, and
Galicaea, goddess of the moon. Standing off to Sol's side, kind of like
dejected and looking down,

Ally: Yeah, that's right.

Brennan: With a corn husk sheaf around his belt, a Harvest Camp T-shirt and a
backwards upside-down visor, is Helio, who—

Kristen: What's up, man?

Brennan: Helio looks up at you and says,

Helio: [frat boy, but quiet] Kristen, I'm so glad to see you again. My dad
wanted to holla at you real quick, and so did Galicaea.

Brennan: You realize, by the way, that you are in the plane of Elysium right
now. You're in like the neutral good plane. Sol is lawful good and Galicaea is
like chaotic good, so they're clearly in this like neutral meeting space to
speak with you.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You see Sol the sun god looks right at you and goes, well there,
Kristen.

Sol: [deep, gravelly voice] It's good to see you again. One of my own son's
chosen. Last time you saw me, I was a bit predisposed. I was unconscious on
the floor of my office 'cause your principal knocked me unconscious.

Kristen: Mm-hmm.

Sol: Yeah. Yeah, not a huge fan of that, I have to say.

[gentle, warm string music starts to play]

Kristen: Yeah, that sounds like God can create someone so strong they can
knock God out. (laughs)

Brennan: Sol does not laugh at all. Galicaea looks at you and says,

Galicaea: [soft, smooth voice] Daughter of Helio, it is a pleasure and an
honor to make your acquaintance.

Kristen: It's great to meet you too.

Galicaea: I am Galicaea, goddess of the moon. You have journeyed long, and you
have finally arrived here, in the lands beyond. I have spoken to my brother,
Sol, god of the sun. You, at the moment of your birth, were chosen by Helio.
Divined from the beginning to be a prophet of his astride the world.

Kristen: I mean, isn't that kinda geographic, like didn't Helio just say like,
hey, everyone here, you're Helio now?

Brennan: You see that Galicaea—

Kristen: It kinda feels like nations and religion just kind of all become one,
it's not really like I was handpicked, it was probably just like hey, Solace,
Helio.

Brennan: You look and see, Galicaea and Sol exchange a kind of look. You see
Sol says,

Sol: Helio, why don't you take young Kristen for a walk and explain
everything?

Kristen: [exasperated] Oh, can anybody else do it?

Cast laughs.

Kristen: Can Galicaea do it, please? I'd love to hear from you.

Brennan: Galicaea nods and stands and says,

Galicaea: I shall walk with you.

Kristen: I appreciate it so much. I'm sorry I'm acting like a total fuck.

Emily laughs.

Emily: Things you say when you meet God.

Brennan: You see Galicaea walks with you, and she reaches out a hand to take
your hand. She's about like nine feet tall in her present form, so she's sort
of like towering over you.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: She walks with you and says,

Galicaea: Kristen Applebees, how has fared your journey to this realm?

Kristen: I am a little bit scared. I think I probably died. And I'm also
wondering if, is there any way that you can talk to Tracker? She worships you,
she's a werewolf, she looks like this.

Ally: I pull up a kind of not okay photo of Tracker like kinda naked, but it's
just the most recent one I have.

Brennan: You see, give me an Insight check.

Ally: A 21.

[the warm music changes to a colder piano track]

Brennan: You say the word werewolf and you see a little flash of yellow go
across Galicaea's eyes, and you see that she swallows for a moment, as though
mentioning Tracker and that she was a werewolf… You see something, she is a
goddess, but there is a moment of like, conflict within her. She gulps,
returns to this like serene elven state, and says,

Galicaea: [sighs] Yes, Tracker. One of my few remaining wolf children. She…
Yes, she has been one of my devoted servants. (sighs) Well, Tracker is why we
are here to speak with you, Kristen.

Kristen: Is Tracker dead?

Galicaea: No, but she is in grave peril.

Kristen: Okay, yeah.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Galicaea: Have you ever questioned where your spells came from in the time
that you have questioned your faith?

Kristen: I was kind of starting to think that maybe they were coming from the
power of doubt.

Galicaea: Doubt is nothing.

Kristen: Yeah, doubt killed me I think, or some sort of unicorn, I don't know
if this is just like a, I don't know what killed me, but yeah, doubt is
nothing. Doubt is the lack of some, I don't know, yeah, I'm honestly just so
confused, I'm not asking the right questions and I'm aware of that.

Brennan: Looks at you and smiles and says,

Galicaea: Kristen Applebees, there is nothing to be gained from asking
questions. The strength of a priestess flows from her conviction in the great
divinity of the moon, ever changing, yet eternal. When one surrenders doubt
and all questions, and accepts the presence of the great divine, one's
conviction is as resolute and eternal as the moon itself.

Kristen: The moon goes away for like half the day. Right?

Galicaea: The moon...

Kristen: Am I right?

Brennan: You see she says,

Kristen: Sorry, not to poke holes in you, but I'm kind of like on a roll with
this question asking. It kinda sounds like you're offering me another version
of what I'm coming from, you know, no doubt.

Brennan: You see, for just a moment on that 21 Insight, her lip curls into a
little sneer, and you could swear for a moment there was like a fang in her
mouth. She goes,

Galicaea: I understand, my child. All habits die hard. What I wish to raise to
you is a simple point. Your ability to heal, your devotion to the power of
life and its presence in the world, never wavered. I want to show you what has
been transpiring in all this time.

Brennan: She has walked in a circle back to the clearing, you see all of your
philosophers and the philosophy students and grad students, all kind of
waiting beyond the edge of the clearing. You see Helio talking to them. She
puts a big, powerful hand, kind of grips your shoulder tightly, and she says,

Galicaea: You were chosen by Helio, and Helio was loathe to let go of you. All
young clerics go through phases, and that's what this was. Sol advised his son
to allow these spirits to advise you for a time, but for a time only. Your
spells, your healing magic, your devotion to life, has been coming from the
same place it always was. From poor, gentle Helio.

Brennan: She points, and you feel the resonance of the fact that like, even as
you abandoned Helio and changed your faith and your conviction, you still
like, had the Blessed Healer ability, you still had all of these attachments
to who and what you were, and she looks at you and says,

Galicaea: Kristen, no one blames you for stepping out of your home and going
out into the front yard to run away, because you never truly closed the door
behind you. You can always come home. And what Sol and I have discussed is, if
you will not return to Sol or his son Helio, then you could be mine, and you
would still have all your spells, and you would never have to go even a single
moment without being chosen by a power greater than yourself. Doesn't that
sound preferable?

Kristen: I mean, honestly, it kind of just sounds like, the Hot Topi— in the
mall sometimes, the Hot Topic would be next to the Not of This World, and
they're kind of the same store.

Cast laughs.

Kristen: So it kind of feels like you're just giving me like some more
T-shirts, lady.

Murph: Talking to God. Talking to God right now.

Emily: You're just giving me more T-shirts, lady!

Siobhan: And then Spencer's Gifts around the corner.

Zac: Never heard a more powerful metaphor in all my life.

Kristen: I just, I think it's very kind, and I would like to be more, like
what are you like, what would following you look like for me? What would
change, or, not that it's all about me, I'm just, I am looking for a more
ultimate truth and not a stay safe, stay at home, don't ever question.

Brennan: You see, she looks and says,

Galicaea: My path is a path of both serenity and passion, of the embrace of
the natural world, the changing, the phases of the moon, the changing of the
tides. It is a faith rooted in the divine of the natural world, of the
feminine, of your sisters throughout the priestesshood. It is a faith shaped
and molded by understanding that you will ever be clutched to my heart.

Brennan: And you recall conversations you had with Tracker about having this
primal faith and her conviction in that. Make a Religion check for me, if
you'd be so kind.

Ally: 16.

Brennan: Something's going on with Galicaea. This isn't Tracker's goddess, you
know what I mean? It's like there's something that's not, Tracker wouldn't
worship this person.

Ally: [fingers curled thoughtfully around their chin] Yeah.

Brennan: She looks at you and says, what...

Galicaea: There are churches and cathedrals all across the lands of Fallinel
and beyond devoted to my worship. Surely Tracker has explained some of my
divine potency to you.

Kristen: Yeah, definitely. I've heard a lot from her. You know, speaking of
Tracker, as her god, can you show me where she is right now? Is there a way
for us to scry on her together and?

Galicaea: She is within the Nightmare King's forest.

Kristen: Mmhmm.

Galicaea: I cannot see there myself. But if I had a champion to send there, I
would gladly do so, Kristen Applebees.

Brennan: She says,

Galicaea: You see, my dear, sweet, at times confused and a little befuddled
darling baby sister was once the Queen of Sylvaire. The Nightmare King killed
my sister, and I would see him destroyed for daring to touch my family. [she
maintains very intense eye contact]

Kristen: Whoa. Yeah. So, is your sister, who is she, what's her name?

Galicaea: Sadly her name was destroyed. She was a goddess of mystery, and she
believed ultimately that destroying her name would make her more mysterious
and make her more suited to her own portfolio, her divine domain. But the
Nightmare King killed her before she could complete this task.

Brennan: Give me another Insight check.

Ally: Yeah. Okay. Insight. Oh, that's a 15.

Brennan: That's not the story you heard. The story you read, all those
documents of the church of Galicaea convincing the tribes of the forest about
the Sylvairian heresy and convincing the worshipers of the unnamed goddess to
destroy their goddess's name.

Ally: Yeah, okay, yes.

Kristen: You know what, Galicaea, I would love to work for you. What would you
like me to do? Go back in there, and would you give me like powers or
something?

Emily: I would love to buy one of your shirts.

Ally: King Kong is now my grandpa.

Brennan: You see that she says,

Galicaea: All you have to do is swear yourself to me, from the foundations of
your soul. Become one of my chosen, and you will be able to wield my power.

Ally: Can I do something crazy?

Emily: Yes, please do. Please do.

Ally: So we're in this kind of neutral place.

Brennan: Yeah.

Ally: Can I turn away a little bit and maybe like offer a prayer to this
questioning god— this other option potentially, if it exists still, if it's
still alive?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead. Give me another Religion check.

Ally: Okay, that's a 19.

Brennan: You turn, you reach out, you see that woman that was dying and
rending her face. You reach out to her with your heart. The golden light
disappears from your chest and is replaced with a cool and reassuring shadow.
And you see in this vision, she turns to you. She was killed in an act of
betrayal. She killed you in an act of betrayal. And as you reach out to
understand her again, you see a look of shock on her face that you are still
attempting to understand her, and you see that she weeps, and even in the
midst of being destroyed, softly raises a hand towards you and just mouths
amidst the thunder and lightning,

Unnamed Goddess: I'm sorry, I'm just so scared—

Brennan: And before she can finish saying "scared," you feel a vice-like grip
on your shoulder, Galicaea whips you around and has like pierced your shoulder
with her hand, and she says,

Galicaea: There is nothing there to see!

Galicaea growls.

Brennan: And this wolf's, and she...

Galicaea: [breathes] I'm so sorry. What an ugly thing for you to see.

Brennan: And you see she composes herself. You see a self-loathing in this
goddess of the moon. The wolf part of her, the part that Tracker loves, this
goddess hates, the moon goddess hates it about herself. And you realize why.
In this moment, Kristen Applebees, beyond the pale of death, once again having
performed this shamanic task to go to realms beyond, to understand the
fundamental truth of the world. Gods are not eternal. They are shaped by their
followers. Galicaea is this way because the elves of Fallinel made her this
way, and who she once was when she was a goddess with primal cairns and moss-
covered stones, the version of her that Tracker worships is in there, but in
the mortal world, she is spoken for first and foremost by the high elves of
Fallinel, and their interpretation of her has become her, because as the Void
said to you at the end of freshman year, as above, so below, and if this is
the version of Galicaea that is most worshiped, it is the version of her that
will be real. She has lied to you.

Ally: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, I think I… man what do I do? I would like to… Fuck, I
mean, can I do like a Perception check to see like what I could possibly do?
Can I just say I reject your offer to everybody?

Kristen: I wholeheartedly reject all offers that you've given me,

Ally: And then I run up to Helio and I punch him in the fucking face.

Cast laughs.

Zac: Yes. [raises his arms and silently cheers]

Lou: Damn, dude. Decking gods right now.

Ally: I'm decking a god's son.

Lou: Fair, fair.

Brennan: You say "I reject your offer" to both, Galicaea and Sol look on, and
you see that like, for all of their like, branding that they are the opposites
of each other, they are so fundamentally the same.

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: It's an aesthetic, it's a mood, it's a vibe.

Ally: It's like Dove soap and Axe body spray are owned by the same core
company.

Brennan laughs.

Ally: Called Unilever, and it's all just advertising, and yeah.

Emily: Wow, thank you so much.

Lou: Damn.

Zac: Does Kristen work in a mall?

Emily: Another amazing analogy.

Brennan: Hey, D20 Stats, when you're watching this, I need brand references on
stream by Ally Beardsley, that's all I need.

Ally: Anachronistic facts by Ally.

Brennan: You sock Helio in the jaw, and you turn to run. As you turn to run,
you see Sol goes and he bellows out and becomes enormous, the sun's own fire,
and says,

Sol: I told you that kid was trash! Now get her!

Brennan: And you see all of the philosophers, all of the students, look up
from their kind of sadness. This fact that they were kind of just like, almost
like paid friends, they were just here, even though you were still getting
your spells from this divinity, that Sol and Helio just let them, and you see
that they all look at each other and mob Helio and Sol, and a couple of them
run, you see two of the philosophers whisk you in this toga, with a little
thing of like olive leaves around you, and go,

Philosopher: Quickly, through the forest!

Brennan: And these old sandaled Grecian philosophers just start running
through the woods as fast as they can. You see the gods completely like
destroying these spirits. Sol bellows out after you and says,

Sol: You are done! You are cut off! No more magic, no more spells, see how you
like working zero miracles from now on! You're just regular!

Brennan: And—

Kristen: You're one of many gods!

Brennan: You rush away. You see Helio just getting owned by these grad
students, and that's a statement. You see that he goes,

Helio: [hands cupped around his mouth] Kristen!

Brennan: He goes,

Helio: [yelling] You're a soul in a body, you're one and the same! All that's
waiting for you without any help from a god is just oblivion!

Brennan: And you know he is right, if you die in this form, there is no going
to an afterlife. It's just [snaps] you're gone. You arrive back at the lake,
you hear the noise of these gods rage off in the distance. A couple of the
students have run up. They get you to the lake, they look at you, partially
like injured and wounded and sort of like ghostly philosophy people. They get
you to the lake, put you down. You see that one of the philosophers, there's
this bespectacled, kind of like Enlightenment era looking woman with like a
little pillbox hat. You see she looks up at you very academically,
professorial. She says,

Bespectacled Philosopher: [formal, almost Transatlantic accent] Kristen, we're
very sorry we didn't tell you, but we were on your side all along, even though
we couldn't tell you the truth of where your spells were coming from.

Brennan: You see this old, bearded philosopher steps forward and says...

Bearded Philosopher: [elderly, slight accent] Before, you said very wise
words, which were that doubt cannot be a belief, but it should be a practice.

Brennan: The philosophy spirits put their hands on your staff, hold it, and
your shepherd's crook staff goes from being this like old, Helioic, wooden,
like shepherd's staff, and it changes shape just slightly as it turns silvery
and cool and pleasing to the touch, with a shimmer of starlight within it. And
that shepherd's crook so easily becomes an elongated, elegant question mark.
And you see that they hand you the Staff of Doubt. You see the philosophers
all put their hands on your shoulders and back, the woman in spectacles gives
you a kiss on the side of the head and says,

Bespectacled Philosopher: If doubt is a practice and not a belief, then it
should live your hands, if not your heart.

Brennan: And you hold the Staff of Doubt. Taking it with you as a tool and no
longer as something that you have to feel in every moment of your waking life.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: They say their goodbyes to you. You hear the shouts of the gods off
in the distance. What does Kristen do at this moment?

Ally: I'm back at the pool?

Brennan: Yes, you are.

Ally: I guess I keep going forward so that I can get out of this room.

Brennan: Cool, yeah, you dive back through the pool and you come back. I am
going to go ahead, actually, and if you look on your character sheet online, I
am gonna give you the Staff of Doubt right now and tell you what it does.

Cast oohs and aahs.

Emily: Magic items, magic items!

Murph: Magic items!

Siobhan, Zac and Lou pretend to play instruments again. Siobhan sings a guitar
riff.

Brennan: We love it.

Excited noises from the cast.

Lou: Everybody's getting magic items.

Emily: Just a total surf guitar? [sings guitar riff] Magic items!

Lou sings the riff as well.

Brennan: Okay, hold on one second. Cool. It is now in your character sheet
online, and I'll tell you what it does. Kristen, you feel yourself lose all of
your spells. You don't have any innate spells, you are not a cleric of a deity
anymore.

Siobhan: But you have a really cool stick, so.

Ally: Ooh, yeah, cool.

Brennan: For the first time, you're on your own. You got nobody in your
corner. And you feel the metaphor, what they were talking about. The door is
closed behind you. There is no going back. The Staff of Doubt has 10 charges.
While holding it, you can use an action to expend one or more charges to cast
some of the following spells from it, they have different costs associated.
Detect Magic is one charge, Lesser Restoration is two charges, Dispel Magic is
three charges, Banishment is four charges, Greater Restoration's five charges.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: While you are wielding it, you have advantage on saving throws
against being charmed or frightened.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: So the whole point of it is about like clearing away like blindness,
possession, dispelling spells. It can't do those things of, it does exactly
what doubt is supposed to do. It's not in your heart anymore. It can't heal
your friends, but it can get rid of some bullshit, and that's what doubt is
supposed to do.

Ally: Okay.

Zac: So you can't Revivify anymore?

Brennan: Cannot Revivify anymore.

Siobhan: You can do Greater Restoration.

Brennan: You can do Greater Restoration.

Lou: Chill, chill.

Siobhan: Very chill.

Lou: Cool. [laughs nervously, shakes his head]

Brennan: Awesome. Kristen, you're back in the temple. Where do you go from
here?

Ally: Okay, so, I… I don't have any spells at all? It's not like I'm in my
new...

Brennan: No. No, right now you got nothing.

Ally nods thoughtfully.

Brennan: Because you reached out to that unnamed goddess and felt her be moved
by the fact that you were reaching out to her again, but your like life cleric
stuff [snaps] has been revoked.

Ally: She just had too much on her plate to kinda give me some spells, or
like, what was up? It was bad lightning? She was in the middle of some bad
lightning.

Emily: Kristen, I dare you to go back and beg for spells.

Zac: Helio, please.

Murph: Helio, you can punch me.

Siobhan: I'll never leave you again.

Ally: Wait, so okay, hmm, interesting. This is very shocking, this is very
shocking. Okay. So I have a staff. Okay, I walk out of the chapel. Fuck.

[music changes to dark, spooky, discordant ambience]

Brennan: Hell yeah. You are in the forest of the Nightmare King. Kristen knows
that she has to move in the direction of her fears, but what does that mean in
this moment for what Kristen is literally doing?

Ally: Okay, I guess whatever direction, I'm gonna go in the direction I don't
think I'll find Tracker in.

Brennan: Awesome. You go in the direction you do not think you will find
Tracker in, cool. You begin to head off into the forest. We're going to cut
back to a cliff side over a sea of mist. A big hunk of rubble and boulders has
been pushed off, sailing into the endless expanse of the cliff side into mist.
Gorgug and Fabian are at the edge of this cave and they come through these
tunnels looking out over expanses of again, these like, coastal, you know like
Monument Valley, just those like towers of striated stone? These are not like
red and orange, they're all like lichen-covered grays and deep, darker blues
of stone, and covered with pine forests on top, stretching out as far as the
eye can see. You've got about 200 feet of cliff up above you. You have both
just come through hell. You've seen each other, shared that big hug, and are
now looking at this massive cliff scaling out overhead. You feel the dusk moss
begin to like, leave your bloodstream.

Fabian: Ooh. Never doing drugs again, never. It's off, done, done.

Zac: Can we reach the closest cliff, or are we like, how far are we from it?

Brennan: You're standing, you realize that as you're looking around, you don't
see like endless, weirdly you don't see like endless cliff going either side,
you think you're in one of these spires. So your tunnel either was like magic,
you know what I mean? Like it just somehow—

Zac: We're like in the middle of it somehow?

Brennan: Right, like you've appeared halfway up one of these colossal towering
spires of stone. And are now like, you know, if someone were flying by, they
would look and see a little cave, you know, like halfway in between the top
and the mist ocean below, and see you two peering out of this cave, kind of in
the middle of the column.

Gorgug: Okay, well, what do we know?

Fabian: We're here, our friends are not here?

Gorgug: Yes, okay, that's a solid start.

Fabian: Okay.

Gorgug: And we should find them?

Fabian: I agree with that, I think that's a great first step.

Gorgug: Maybe we should get to higher ground?

Fabian: I mean, do you wanna climb? I mean, if you want to climb, I'm down to
climb. Yeah.

Gorgug: I'd give a climb a shot.

Fabian: I've done way crazier stuff today, so climbing, that honestly feels
way more in my wheelhouse.

Gorgug: Climbing is not quite a nightmare for me, but at the same time, this
doesn't seem like an easy climb.

Fabian: No, not at all.

Gorgug shudders a little.

Lou: Can I do a Perception check for like how difficult it feels like to
scale? Or like I don't know, is this like, could we like boulder this, or is
this straight up like, I don't know, free solo levels of like, we mess up and
it's like done?

Brennan: Give me a Perception check.

Zac: Can I do that too?

Brennan: Yeah.

Lou: That'll be a 17.

Zac: Dirty 20.

Lou: [a little defeated] Okay.

Zac and Lou both pretend to look up at something.

Brennan: This looks very scary, but doable. And doable doesn't mean, in other
words, there is tremendous risk if you fuck up badly, however, it doesn't look
impossible to get to the top. It's very naturally formed rock. There are not
many places it looks like to… Directly up from you, there's not too many
ledges where you could like, get to be safe, rest for a moment. However, if
you look diagonally across, you can see there are some other places that might
be cave-like, like the one you're in right now. So if you go slower and try to
like edge sideways, you could get to some other places, and maybe sacrifice
time to be a little bit less risky.

Gorgug: Okay. Well, do we, hmm. I wonder if there's any caves that go to
different islands.

Fabian: Well, that's what, I'm wondering if there's a way, how would we find,
like if our friends aren't coming here to this cave, would they be coming to
one of those caves? Or like, I don't know, I'm nervous about—

Gorgug: Can I tell you something? I got smarter, but I still feel pretty dumb
in this scenario.

Fabian: Hey, fair, all right? I mean, my levels of intelligence didn't change
at all, but I still feel just as unsure.

Gorgug: Hey, why don't we tie a rope to each other and then climb for one of
the closest caves?

Fabian: Great start. It's a solid start, let's do it.

Gorgug: I believe in you, spring break.

Fabian: I believe in you, spring break.

Lou: I use my sheet. I like cinch it around Gorgug's waist.

Gorgug: Oh, thank you.

Brennan: Incredible. You use the sheet, and you guys are able, in this moment,
to give each other the help action, even while climbing. So each of you guys
give me an Athletics check with advantage.

Fabian: On belay!

Gorgug: Belay on!

Zac: Wow, thank goodness. I rolled a 1 and an 18, so a 23 for me. Or
Athletics? Oh.

Brennan: Athletics.

Zac: 27.

Brennan: 27, okay, cool.

Lou: Oh, I'm a 15.

Zac and Lou mime climbing with great exertion.

Brennan: 15, okay, cool. You guys begin to scale to sort of get around as fast
as you can. You make partial progress. As you do so, you guys begin to, I'm
gonna say that you guys like, begin to feel, like your hearts swell a little
bit. And in fact, I'm actually going to say, one second. Let me find my—

Lou: Okay.

Gorgug: I'm having a heart attack.

Brennan: Having a heart attack.

Fabian: No, it's all right. I think it's just strong emotional feelings.

Zac: Into the mist.

Lou: Just dragging me with you.

[music changes to something with adventurous strings]

Brennan: You guys begin to like, get over across the rock face. You're making
partial progress, and you feel on an intuitive level that you have changed.
You watch Gorgug point out the cave, start figuring out the best path there.
Gorgug, you feel Fabian calling out when your grip is getting unsteady on
something, moving along, you see that you have both grown as you're moving
through here. You also like, feel that pulse of hope connect you, and there's
this moment of like, reflecting on Gorgug holding a tin flower out to Fabian
on the first day of school, getting socked in the stomach, and then weeks and
months of like Owlbears and hoot growl, and that hug you guys shared in the
cavern, and I think that like, especially for teenage dudes that are growing
up, there's this weird thing about showing affection with your friends and
being physical, and you guys spend a grueling two hours just like being on
top, like arm under, a shoulder up, grabbing someone's arm, pulling them up,
to the point where you're just like one working unit moving each other across
the rock, and you finally arrive at this cavern, and you feel this like,
friendship pulse between you as you like, you know, all of the weirdness of
insecurity of friendship melts away with this like pure teamwork.

Zac and Lou, during Brennan’s description of their climb, have been miming
climbing with great exertion. Sometimes Zac points out a direction, and
sometimes they take drinks, and sometimes Lou grunts loudly.

Brennan: And you finally both vault yourself into this cave. As you vault
yourself into the cave, you see riddled with arrows is a massive griffin, and
you see—

[quiet, sad piano music]

Zac: No!

Emily’s jaw drops and she gasps.

Lou: Shit.

Brennan: You see Baxter the griffin is in this cave. I'll ask both of you to
make a Medicine check for me, if you would be so kind.

Lou: I got a 9.

Gorgug: 17.

Brennan: Baxter is dying, but not dead.

Zac: I'm gonna cast Cure Wounds on Baxter.

Brennan: Gorgug, you rush up, take out a first aid kit, begin to go to work.
You cast Cure Wounds. Tell me how many hit points Baxter regains.

Zac: Okay, so, I don't actually have the card in front of me.

Ally: I can help you out.

Zac: You have it?

Brennan: It's 1d8 plus your modifier, your spellcasting modifier.

Ally: I don't have any spells anymore, so you can have all my cards.

Zac: Three hit points.

Lou: Okay. Okay.

Ally: All right, all right.

Zac: So I rolled a 1 plus the 2 that my new bonus is, so.

Brennan: You see Gorgug go to work, still almost on death's door, you both
look up and see Baxter, eyes flutter, covered in blood, just (breathing
heavily), like breathing heavily, Baxter looks up and just has enough strength
to kind of like, nuzzle Gorgug with his beak.

Gorgug pats Baxter gently.

Brennan: Fabian, you look and see these arrows are, you recognize these
arrows.

Gorgug: Where are these arrows from?

Lou: Who do I recognize them...?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn.

Emily looks horrified.

Fabian: Oh.

Gorgug: Oh no. Must have… tricked her.

Fabian: [a little shaky] Sandra Lynn's been taken over in some way. Oh, this
is really bad.

Zac: Can we, hmm. I only have one other spell slot left. I shoulda cast Spare
the Dying on him, I feel like.

Lou: I mean, is Baxter still dying?

Brennan: No.

Lou: Or is their wounds stabilizing?

Brennan: The Cure Wounds has worked fully. And Baxter gets up, shakes his
wings. You see the reason Baxter looks so unwell is heartbreak. It's just
like, he doesn't understand what's going on, he doesn't understand why he's
been attacked. He clearly was hit with like a last arrow in his throat that
meant he had to rapidly descend, and thankfully made it to this cave. But you
see he stands up, he's capable of movement again. And Gorgug, part of your
first aid I think is like you two pulling the arrows, you know.

Zac: Okay.

Fabian: I think we need to be careful. I feel like if Sandra Lynn would turn
against Baxter, there's a chance that she may not be in a state to recognize
us as allies, even.

Gorgug: Yeah. I wonder if we should just leave Baxter here to rest for a
little bit, 'cause I feel like if anything blew on him, he'd fall out of the
sky again.

Fabian: Fair, yeah, in case Sandra Lynn is above? I mean, we did a pretty good
job of climbing up this far.

Zac: How many arrows are in here? Like does she have more arrows?

Brennan: He took about nine arrows.

Lou: Jesus.

Gorgug: Hey, well Baxter, we're gonna fix Sandra Lynn.

Fabian: Yeah.

Gorgug: There's a lot going on here, I don't know how much you're getting of
my explanation, but—

Brennan: Give me an Animal Handling check.

Zac: Okay. Pretty solid one to this. Plus a nat 1, so.

Brennan: Baxter demands to follow you. As you guys like, move to the mouth of
the cave.

Zac: [laughing sadly] Oh no.

Gorgug: Okay. Well. Baxter. Well.

Fabian: It's Baxter's choice.

Gorgug: We're kinda, this is sorta the end of the line, so we might as well
just, fuck it, let's ride this buddy.

Fabian: Come on, Baxter.

Lou: Yeah, I hop on.

Fabian: Let's do it.

Gorgug: All right, Baxter.

Fabian: We're gonna get your person back.

Brennan: You both hop up on Baxter, Baxter kind of shakes the blood from loose
feathers off his wings, and you guys [whoom] vault out. You see trails of mist
coming off of the tips of Baxter's wings as he goes through the deeply humid
skies of this forest of moist, almost like trails coming off his wings as he
takes off, and you guys fly off. We are gonna cut from there to, ba ba ba.

Zac: Can Baxter have a short rest?

Lou: Please.

Brennan: Baxter cannot have a short rest, unless you guys take one.

Siobhan: Can Baxter have a Second Wind?

Brennan: No he may not! Incredible. You guys begin flying. We're going to move
over to a clearing with Adaine.

Siobhan takes a deep breath.

Brennan: Adaine, you are suspended in this orb, prevented from spellcasting.
You can speak, but are unable to cast spells within this orb.

Siobhan: Okay. But I can cast Message, right?

Brennan: You can cast—

Siobhan: I've been able to cast Message.

Brennan: You've been able to cast Message, that's correct. You see Angwyn
standing, staring at you, Killian and Arianwen have both walked away. You see
Angwyn sort of stalks off into the clearing a little bit, and Aelwyn is left
standing nearby, keeping an eye on you. What is Adaine doing in this moment?

Siobhan: Can I Message Aelwyn?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Siobhan: So I'd like to Message Aelwyn and say,

Adaine: What are you doing? You don't like these people any more than I do.

Brennan: She Messages you back.

Aelwyn: Adaine. I don't like our parents, but I do love them, don't you?

Adaine: They don't love me.

Aelwyn: Adaine. You have always been, above all else, steadfast in your ways.
Some might even go so far as to say stubborn. Love is something that has to be
earned. It's not something—

Adaine: No it's not.

Aelwyn: What value does a thing have if it can be freely given?

Adaine: The greatest value of all. A gift given without ask or want?

Aelwyn: [sighs] I don't understand.

Adaine: I think you do. I think you do understand. Because you're the most
defensive person I have ever met. Your defenses are so high. You chose, of all
of the schools of magic, to be an Abjurative wizard. You won't let people in,
because you're scared that if you let people in and they reject you, then
you're not worth it in some way.

Aelwyn: I'm not scared. Taking cautions… I have tried to make the right choice
as often as I could, and you can't make it in this world alone. You need to
have

Adaine: Aelwyn. I don't love our parents. But despite the fact that you have
not earned it, I do love you. Do you hear that? I hope you hear that.

Brennan: There is no response from Aelwyn, she… Give me an Insight check.

Siobhan: 15.

Brennan: If you had to guess, the power of that statement and how much Aelwyn
needs to hear it is something that she saw coming like a Magic Missile headed
straight for her. And you watch her eyes go glassy, and you watch her fully
dissociate. Just to not process that. She like, is too scared in this moment.
You see Angwyn looks around and says,

Angwyn: Great deal of silence over here in this corner of the clearing.

Brennan: He walks over, and you see that he approaches, and you kind of
observe him getting some kind of like Sending spell, or like a Whispering Wind
spell, probably from your mom, and you see he looks over at, oh, also give me
a Perception check, if you'd be so kind.

Siobhan: 11.

[music changes to dark, discordant Nightmare Forest]

Brennan: You see, with an 11 Perception check, you just see that your father
has a sword on his belt that he almost never carries or would wear. But you
see he walks over to you, and as he does so, you see that he's got like a look
in his eye. He glances at Aelwyn and says,

Angwyn: Daughter, the time has come. [sighs] I need a moment to prepare the
punishment that awaits your sister. I would like for you, if you would be so
kind, seeing that she has been as recalcitrant as ever to assist her family,
kindly scour the information as to what her accomplices are doing from her
mind. I'll be waiting for you to complete this task.

Brennan: And you see his hand crackles with light again, and he says,

Angwyn: Adaine, after your sister wrests what you are holding away from you,
I'm going to fix you. I hope that you will be grateful, although if I am
successful, I won't have to hope for you to be any way that I wish.

Adaine gives two aggressive middle fingers.

Brennan: You see Aelwyn looks over at Angwyn and goes,

Aelwyn: Father, [laughs nervously] as much as I would love to see Adaine
suffer, once we have the information from her, let's leave her in the orb,
that's what she's most scared of.

Brennan: You see her father says,

Angwyn: Aelwyn, you've been given an order. Carry it out.

Brennan: Aelwyn says,

Aelwyn: Right, but...

Brennan: You see Angwyn furrows his brow and says,

Angwyn: Aelwyn, now is not the time to lose your nerve. Do it.

Brennan: Aelwyn stands there for a second. You can see that her hands are
shaking at her side.

Siobhan: I Message her,

Adaine: I'm here with you. I'm with you. Whatever you decide to do, I'm with
you.

Brennan: She snaps her eyes over to you and says,

Aelwyn: [weakly] Father. Adaine's just, she's a baby. She's a, she’s a— I—

Brennan: And you see Angwyn goes,

Angwyn: A baby?

Brennan: And you see she says,

Aelwyn: No, I mean, she's young. There's no...

Brennan: You see your dad just raises a hand and Aelwyn flinches. She turns,
looks at you, and says,

Siobhan shakes her head slowly.

Aelwyn: I'm so sorry.

Brennan: And she casts Detect Thoughts on you. What does Adaine do as Aelwyn
begins to cast Detect Thoughts?

Siobhan: I would like to think about all of the times that Aelwyn was almost
nice to me, and then at the prompting of our parents, did something cruel
instead. Like I want those to be my surface thoughts. I close my eyes and that
is what I'm thinking about.

[music changes: soft, gentle, ambient]

Brennan: You think of all the times that Aelwyn chose to be cruel to save
herself. The last time you cast Detect Thoughts on Aelwyn, you walked through
a bombed out city. What is Aelwyn walking through right now, as she sees a
vision of your mind?

Siobhan: I think it's our childhood house in Solace, which is most of my
childhood memories. I feel like we moved there when I was very small. And it's
just a series of interconnected rooms that's like my room and her room and my
room and her room and my room and her room, with each of these memories inside
it.

Brennan: She begins to walk through with you. I'm gonna make my first roll.
She walks through, and doesn't push deeper, even though that's what she's
supposed to do. She walks in, looks at all these moments, looks up at you and
says,

Aelwyn: Well if you're trying to humiliate me, I suppose it's working.

Adaine: I'm not. We can make new memories. But these are all the memories that
I have of you. These are the best memories that I have of you. We will live
immortal lives. Do we want to keep playing these patterns out? I don't want
to.

Brennan: Aelwyn looks out of the window of her room, and she wants to go deep,
she sees something and wants to go deeper in your mind. Does Adaine allow her
to do this?

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: She moves through the window, and is at your memory of her in the hot
tub after you had rescued her from Calethriel Tower. She looks and looks up at
you, confused, because she doesn't remember this.

Adaine: They broke you, Aelwyn. They broke you. For what? For why? They're
cruel people. And I'm sorry, but I don't think that they will ever love you.
And they'll never even let you make your own decisions, you're just a tool to
them. And they'll only keep you around as long as you're useful.

Aelwyn takes a shaky breath.

Brennan: You see now it's becoming even more painful, because in your memory,
you cast Detect Thoughts, and there is a memory of you and a memory of Aelwyn
going into Detect Thoughts, and there's the two of you that are here in the
present moment that can follow your old selves into that casting of Detect
Thoughts.

Adaine: Look at these ruins. Look. There was no rebuilding this.

Brennan: Aelwyn, healed at least mentally from her protective magic, watches
you observe, in the destroyed version of her mind, all the things that were
buried, and is forced to confront not only her inner self, but forced to
confront the fact that she has always lied to herself about who she is and how
she felt, has to confront the fact that you know that, and has to now confront
that it's all been mistakes, needless cruelty, and wasted time. She digests
all of this, sees all of the things, her in the bed with you, making the ward
around you, all the things she said to you when you were in the orb, and has
to ingest all of that as someone who brought her old mind back. She looks up.

Adaine: Will you be my big sister? I would really, really love to have you as
a big sister.

Brennan: She looks, and loses concentration on Detect Thoughts, tears stream
down her face, she loses it, steps back. As she does so, you are back in the
forest of the Nightmare King, you see... (sighs) You see that Aelwyn is just
weeping, standing there, looking like, having to reshuffle her entire mind to
accommodate all this. You see Angwyn turns to her and says,

Angwyn: Well then, daughter, were you successful? What are her friends
planning?

Brennan: Aelwyn just looks up, and can only think to just say the truth, which
is,

Aelwyn: [whispered] I didn’t, I didn’t. I didn't find it. I didn’t find her—
her friends. I didn’t—

Brennan: Angwyn kind of like rolls his eyes. (sighs) He looks up, and as he
does so, you see… As he does this, he looks up and,

[music changes to a dark, tense, orchestrated track]

Angwyn: Very well, Adaine. The time has come for a new and better daughter.

Brennan: His hand crackles with light, he reaches out and says,

Angwyn: Prepare to be better, dear, sweet daughter.

Brennan: Light races towards your mind. As it is an inch away from the orb,
the orb covers with an Abjurative rune. Aelwyn stands with her hand extended,
her face completely blank and emotionless, as the spell is Counterspelled.
Angwyn looks over at Aelwyn, looks back—

Siobhan: I cast Dispel Magic on the orb.

Brennan: You cast Dispel Magic on the orb. The orb dispels. It is Angwyn's
turn again. Hold on one second. Angwyn reaches out his hand, extends it to
Aelwyn.

Siobhan: Counterspell. Counterspell. Counterspell.

Brennan: He Counterspells your Counterspell.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Brennan is counting damage.

Murph: You hate to see it.

Lou: You hate to see it.

Emily: No, I love to see this!

Murph: No, I mean…

Lou: Counterspell, Counterspell.

Emily: Oh, I know, I know.

Ally: Wait, you love to see what?

Murph: Sisters getting destroyed by a Fireball?

Emily: No, I love to see what just happened before this.

Murph: Yes, yes, agreed, agreed.

Emily: Before whatever dice have been rolled.

Brennan: Adaine.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: You shatter the orb, you counter, your dad throws up a counter to
your Counterspell with a bolt of lightning that races across the field. In
Aelwyn's last moment, she makes eye contact with you, just says,

Aelwyn: I'm sorry.

Brennan: And is hit in the chest and blasted back across the field. Adaine, it
is your turn.

Siobhan: [hands on her head in shock] Fuck. Um, I— God.

Emily: You have any cures?

Siobhan: Wizards don't have goddamn cures. We don't care about other people.

Cast laughs.

Siobhan: I would like to cast Adaine's Furious Fist.

Emily: Yeah!

Various silent cheers from the cast.

Siobhan: At a fifth level. And I would like to charge my father.

Emily: Yes.

Lou: Jesus.

Brennan: Your father, with zero remorse on his face, raises up his
spellcasting hand and whips around to face you as mist and smoke rises from
Aelwyn's exhausted, crumpled body. You are standing in the shadow of where
your orb was. You cast a spell at the highest spell slot you have available.
Your fist crackles with white arcane fire. Your father turns around, seeing a
spell he does not recognize. He is 20 feet away from you. You sprint across
the grass of the clearing. Go ahead and make your attack roll.

Emily: Yeah!

Siobhan: Oh no, it's so many d10s that I don't have.

Brennan: So you're making your attack roll first.

Zac: It's a spell attack?

Siobhan: Oh, sorry, yeah, sorry.

Brennan: No worries.

Siobhan: Oh baby. That's a 24.

Lou: Pow pow.

Brennan: Holy shit. (laughs) Okay.

Zac and Emily punch the camera.

Ally: How many d10s is it?

Siobhan: And he rolls a four on his save.

Brennan laughs.

Siobhan: So it's 10d10. So I look him in the face, hold my fist up to him and
say,

Adaine: Guess what, bitch, I'm strong now.

Siobhan: And I punch him for, oh!

Murph: [chanting] Kill your dad, kill your dad.

All: Kill your dad, kill your dad.

Siobhan: 43.

Brennan is staring with an open-mouthed expression of shock.

Ally: Oh baby.

Siobhan: 51, 59.

Lou: I like that.

Siobhan: 69, nice. 77 points of damage.

Lou: Solid.

Ally: Wow

Emily laughs.

Brennan: 77 points of damage?

Siobhan: Yes.

Ally whistles.

[tense, choral adventurous music]

Brennan: As you say "I'm strong now," Adaine, you have walked for unending
days in the forest of the Nightmare King. You have fought the tides of the
wide misty ocean. Your Strength becomes 14, which is an eight point Strength
increase, your fist crackles, you rolled a 24 on your attack roll. On a saving
throw, your father, Angwyn Abernant, automatically fails. He turns, an arcane
fist raises— 77 points of damage is more than double his max hit points.

Siobhan: What?!

Zac: Whoa.

Brennan: Your father, as your mother said in season one, was never much of a
practical caster. Your father is dead as he leaves the ground, and his body
sails 25 feet through the air and skids across the clearing. Your father is no
more. You stand, you feel, through weeks of hardship in the time that elapsed
and your vision in the forest. You never have to be afraid of being weak
again. Your father hurt you and he hurt your sister, and no matter what anyone
fuckin' thinks about it, guess what? He never gets to hurt anybody ever again.
You stand in the clearing as light crackles around you and leaves your fist.
Adaine—

Siobhan: Amazing. Can I run to Aelwyn and do a Medicine check to try and
stabilize her?

Brennan: Yes you can. She is going to roll a death saving throw before that.

Siobhan: All right.

Brennan: The damage was not enough to fully put her under. Or fully kill her.
So.

Zac: [chanting] Loot your dad, loot—

Siobhan: Oh baby, you know I'm gonna loot my dad.

Lou: Gotta loot your dad, dude.

Siobhan: I'm strong, I'm gonna take that goddamn sword.

Emily: Seems like you should just stick with this spell, huh?

Siobhan: I mean, I can double two-handed weapon.

Ally: Put the sword in the fist's hand.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead and roll Aelwyn's death saves.

Siobhan: You actually don't have to roll the first one, because the first one
she gets an 11.

Brennan: Incredible, okay.

Siobhan: So those are my portent rolls gone.

Brennan: One second. So her first one she rolls an 11. You rush over to her
side.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: As you do so, you can make your first check before she makes her
second death save. So you're making a Medicine check.

Siobhan: Mmhmm. An 18.

Brennan: You rush over to Aelwyn's side. You use your last portent, on a 18,
you stabilize her. Aelwyn is not going to die in this moment. She looks up at
you as she begins to enter unconsciousness, and she says...

Aelwyn: [crying] I don't… I don't deserve you, and I don't deserve this.

Adaine: It's not about deserving me, and you definitely don't deserve this.
But we could rebuild something better together. I think there's enough room in
my room for a bunkbed, if you wanted.

Brennan: She weeps. She says,

Aelwyn: Adaine? I killed all those people on the ship. I killed the oracle.
Kalina told me that I would be dead if I didn't. I did it, I worked for
Kalvaxus, I've worked for Kalina, I've worked for our parents.

Adaine: You're a child. They made you do it. They were bad people and they
were manipulating you. They trained you from birth to be obedient to them
without question, and you were, and they rewarded you for it.

Brennan: She begins to fade, and she quickly says,

Aelwyn: If I can make up for any of the mistakes I've made, I don't know that
I ever will, but the mistake that they've always made, the heroes have always
made, when they defeated the Nightmare King. The curses have to be undone, all
of them, including the fifth. All five must be undone. And there's a—

Brennan: You see she starts to fade a little bit.

Siobhan: As she's fading, can I give her the tincture?

Brennan: Yes, you can give her one of the tinctures, that is a very wise move.

Siobhan: Right.

Brennan: You give her the tincture. She looks at you and says…

Aelwyn: She's gone.

Brennan: She looks up and says,

Aelwyn: There's a sword. There's a sword on Father's side. He stole it from
the Lomeneldas. It's supposed to be yours. Not yours yours, but it's yours,
it's the oracle's.

Brennan: You see she says,

Aelwyn: I see you don't have your orb, but the sword, it's an arcane focus.

Adaine: Oh. I'll take it you, you rest here, I'll find Mother.

Aelwyn: Do you want to know something, Adaine?

Adaine: Yes.

Aelwyn: Do you know, in your freshman year, how Kalvaxus knew that you were
going to be able to take the book, that you were going to be the oracle?

Adaine: No.

Aelwyn: I've always been rather a terrible bitch to you. But I did know,
having got into the advanced classes at Hudol, that they believe that the
oracle, because it's not passed through genealogy or anything else, they've
always thought that it goes to the most prodigious diviner amongst the elven
people. Kalvaxus asked me if I could be sure, and I said, "Beyond a shadow of
a doubt, I know who the next oracle will be."

Adaine: I love you, too.

Brennan: She weeps, clutches your hand, and slips away. Your sister is stable
and unconscious here in the clearing, and you see your father's body across
the clearing from you. What does Adaine do?

Siobhan: I'd like to cast Greater Invisibility on myself and take the sword,
and just do a sort of Investigation check on my father to see if there's
anything else that I need for all of these rituals and stuff on his body.

Brennan: Sorry, give me that one more time?

Siobhan: So I'm casting Greater Invisibility on myself.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: And then I'd like to take the sword from my father and then see if
there's anything else, do an Investigation check to see if there's anything
else on him that's obviously for this Nightmare King situation.

Brennan: Go ahead and give me the Investigation check.

Murph: You find a note that says he always loved you and he just wanted to
make you stronger. He knew he had to push you to the edge to become the
ultimate elven oracle.

Emily: Yeah baby, full anime, let's do it.

Lou: Full anime.

Siobhan: Nightmare.

Zac: I hope I don't get punched.

Siobhan: Well, I got a 25, do I find the note, Brennan?

[Murph laughs]

Brennan: Oh, do you find the note? You see, hold on one sec. Ba ba ba, hold
on. What did you get on your Investigation, sorry?

Siobhan: 25.

Brennan: 25\. On a 25, you find no note on your father's body. All the
important magical shit went with your mom. He's got nothing to recuse him from
being the absolute bastard that he was.

Zac: Any cash?

Siobhan: Yeah, any cold hard cash?

Brennan: Yeah, you get 30 gold pieces, how's that?

Siobhan: Sick!

Murph: A crisp $20 bill.

Lou: Oh yeah.

Siobhan: I was saving this for your birthday card, but here it is.

Murph: Wow, he just went to the bank, this is crazy.

Brennan: Incredible. So, bum bum bum bum. You pull the sword off. Do you do
anything, so you look at the sword. You see that it has an elven eye glyph set
into a two-sided pommel on each side. Like a sort of geometric, cool eye
glyph. If you wanna cast Identify on it, you can.

Siobhan: Identify I only have stocked as a ritual, so it'll take me 10
minutes. I'll do it as soon as I have figured out what's happening with my mum
and found her hiding place.

Brennan: Cool, copy that. Awesome. You take off. We are going to cut over,
just the hits keep comin'!

Lou: The hits keep comin'.

Brennan: Incredible.

[music changes from soft strings to something darker and more ambient]

Brennan: We are in the celestial gallery with Riz and Fig. You guys are bound,
so your hands are bound, so there's no like, somatic components really that
you can't do your spells. The vines also have grown around and bound your
mouths at this point. You see the unicorn, skeletally tromps through the
glade, and you see it speaks in your minds. You see it goes…

Unicorn: [deep, growling whisper] You have been captured here, and soon shall
your friends be as well. The time of the King's return is upon us.

Brennan: You see fake Fig walks out of the forest smiling with Baby behind
her, and you see that she snaps her fingers and the vines all wrap around
Baby. Baby goes,

Baby: (squeals) It's gonna kill me, please!

Brennan: And you see that he gets wrapped up in vines. You see that the
unicorn looks at fake Fig. Fig goes,

Nightmare Fig: Hi, so, I'll be happy to continue this little deal we've got
going. Should I keep the disguise on for now?

Brennan: And you see that the unicorn says,

Unicorn: The time for trickery is over. Bring forth your brethren.

Brennan: Coming out of the jungle, you guys see dozens to hundreds of
barlgura, vrocks, a legion of demons starts to stalk the gallery, and
specifically just like a dozen each just watching your every move. Fake Fig
sheds this illusion, and you see a full-blown marilith, which is a towering,
multi-armed snake woman with like, torso and head of a woman, many arms
holding different weapons, and this giant snake's body. These are like the
captains of the Abyss. You see that she says,

Marilith: [snake-like voice] Yes. The loyalty of the demon folk to the
Nightmare King stands for now, unicorn.

Brennan: You see the unicorn responds to the marilith and says,

Unicorn: Keep them here. Soon their friends will join, and when the King
returns, they shall walk in the world, hidden as his servants.

Brennan: The unicorn leaves the glade and you guys are left with truly an army
of demons here in front of you. What is going on in each of you guys' minds?

Emily: Okay. So, right now, I can't use verbal or somatic components, so I
think I'm hoping to try to wiggle in a way that my lighter in my pocket will
light everything on fire to free me.

Murph: I think, yeah, and as I see Fig doing that, I think Riz knows she's
gonna be the only one to be able to get us out of this, away from all these
dudes. I'm going to pull a real secret agent move and use my watch and try to
shoot the laser at Fig's mouth.

Zac: Oh, man.

[Brennan laughs]

Emily: Actually, I'd prefer if you did my hands, 'cause I want somatic more.

Murph: You want me to do hands? Okay, as you do like a nod thing, I shoot at
the wrists.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Go off, The Ball.

Brennan: In order to move your wrist, you would need to move your hand, and in
order to move your hand, you're gonna have to spring out of some of these
bonds. Make a Perception check for me real quick.

Murph: Okay. Does my inquisitive, my steady eye doesn't give me--

Brennan: Actually, let's do Investigation, give me Investigation.

Murph: You love to see that. That's a 17.

Brennan: Okay. You're still holding your briefcase in your hand. You're gonna
have to probably drop that to be able to move and get your watch hand free,
and that might—

Emily: What about, oh, sorry.

Brennan: As long as you're not too worried about raising suspicion. Like I
don't know, the demons are watching. So it's a calculated risk, whatever Riz
would do.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: Before you said, okay, go on.

Murph: No, go ahead.

Emily: I was gonna say, before you said that, would something that originates
from my pick require verbal and somatic?

Brennan: It would, it's still casting a spell, unfortunately.

Emily: Okay, go on then.

Murph: Yeah. I think despite what the unicorn said, it is the time for tricks.

Lou dances in approval.

Murph: So Riz is going to, ooh, you know, at some point you have to grow up
and drop the briefcase. I drop the briefcase, and I'll use my wrist to shoot
at Fig's binds.

Brennan: Hell yes, awesome. You drop the briefcase. I'm gonna say that this is
an attack with disadvantage, 'cause you're still restrained.

Emily: I wink at him, Bardic Inspiration.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you don't need any components for that.

Murph: You love to see it.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: You love to see it. Please. Okay, okay. So—

Emily: I'm a d8, babe.

Murph: Okay, a d8, so right now I have a 13, and then I need a d8.

Brennan: So that's gonna be a seven or an eight on that d8, am I correct? Yes.
To hit the—

Murph: I have to get a 20?

Brennan: Gotta get a 20, so it's gotta be a seven or an eight. You can do it.

Murph: Come on.

Lou: Come on.

Siobhan: Come on. We believe in you, The Ball.

Murph: It's a 4.

Siobhan: Dang.

Brennan: All right. I'm gonna narrate what happens next. You fire your watch,
the demons begin to hoot and holler with laughter. You can tell, they kind of
want you to escape, 'cause they wanna be able to like, kill you guys. You fire
it, give me another Perception check with advantage.

Murph: Perception or Investigate?

Brennan: Investigate.

Murph: 29.

Brennan: [laughs in disbelief] 29? No one is moving to stop you from shooting
again. With 29 Investigation, the briefcase, The Ball's briefcase, is jiggling
a little bit. Fig. You are the recipient of a Sending spell in your mind. You
receive a Sending spell, and you hear a voice say,

Bill Seacaster: Me darling lass, wanted to tell you, we sold all six suits of
armor and I have your cut waiting, Bill Seacaster.

Emily: Am I allowed to respond?

Brennan: You are allowed to respond.

Emily: Can I sort of send him, drop a pin and send it back to him?

Brennan: Yeah, you can do that.

Emily: And just say like,

Fig: How about you pay me in a favor?

Emily: And then I drop a pin, and I'll also say,

Fig: Currently bound, trying to get some shit off me so I can cast spells.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Give me an Insight check as well, if you'd be so kind.

Emily: That's a nat 1.

Brennan: Bill is trying to fuck you over. There are seven deadly sins, and
he's telling you that he sold all six suits of armor.

Emily: Oh, so he saved one. I just, I can't deal with this right now. I really
can't deal with this right now. Enough is going on, I don't need someone else
in my life trying to fuck me over.

Brennan: You see that, so. You're like, yeah, he's fucking you over. Riz, you
see The Ball's briefcase is like hopping a little bit, but the clasp on it is
locked.

Murph: Try again. I'll take a shot at the latch.

Brennan: Cool. This is just a latch on a briefcase, it's only an AC of 12.

Murph: Okay, disadvantage?

Brennan: Still disadvantage, yes.

Emily: Do I get to roll anything to try to have my lighter light me on fire?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a flat luck check.

Lou: Come on.

Emily: 16.

Brennan: 16's not bad. What's that Murph?

Murph: I got a 15 on my attack.

Brennan: Murph. As the demons laugh at you, the marilith starts to slither and
says,

Marilith: Oh, he's found a little way to fight, has he?

Lou: Come on.

[music changes to a growing, orchestral, heroic song]

Brennan: You hit the latch. As you hit the latch, you see the briefcase pops
open and a golden suit of infernal armor stumbles out, collapses to the
ground, with a huge glowing golden halberd. As it does so, you see it stands
wobbling. The marilith looks. The visor is up and you can't see who it is yet.
The marilith stands up and says,

Marilith: The Armor of Sin? It will latch on to whatever pride you have and
destroy you.

Brennan: Gilear stands up.

Lou: [out of his seat] Oh!

[cast cheers and laughs]

Lou: Yes!

Emily: What?!

Zac: Yes!

Brennan: You see Gilear stands up and says,

Gilear: In my haste to put the armor on, I buckled the leg plate and I think
I've clipped the tip of my penis against one of the leg plates, and every time
I move, it feels like it might come off, the tip of, so let me assure you,
demon, I have no pride!

[group laughs]

Brennan: Roiling with golden red light, Gilear surges forward, beheads the
marilith in one shot.

Lou: Yes! Yes!

Emily: Looking up to see which, I was like I know Gilear has that seventh one.
Yes!

Brennan: Gilear moves through these demons like a force of hell itself,
beheading, goring. Every time he moves, you hear,

Gilear: Oh, god, my penis! I can't take large steps!

Murph: Can I put my tie to record it? I just want everyone to be able to see
Gilear's big day.

Brennan: You pull on your tie. No demons are watching you.

Fig tries to speak through a closed mouth.

Murph: Yeah, I'll try to break loose.

Brennan: Go ahead. The bonds are DC 20, you have advantage on these checks,
which cancels out the disadvantage, so it's just, you have plus 14 to this
roll, you gotta beat a DC of 20.

Emily: What are we rolling for this?

Brennan: He's using his Arcadian watch.

Emily: Oh. Can I just try to break through with like Strength?

Brennan: Give me a Strength check.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: 33.

Brennan: Jesus Christ. Riz, your spy watch goes into action, a saw of radiant
light cuts you loose from this, and you are out of your bonds and have fully
like James Bonded yourself out of these bindings. Fig is right across from
you. Gilear is moving through these demons, just roaring with flame. (infernal
roaring) What does Riz do in this moment?

Murph: I'll help Fig get out.

Brennan: Cool. Give me one more check. You're not bound anymore, so go ahead
and give me one with advantage.

Murph: That's a flat 20.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Fig, you are loosed from your bindings as something has
changed in the way Gilear's moving, like the armor has fully taken over. He's
a fucking storm. The demons all begin to flee and vanish and disappear.

Zac: Oh my god.

Fig: That’s my dad!

Brennan: You see standing there in this golden armor, the visor down, this
last like vrock demon is impaled, split, and you see Gilear [whirling] spins
the halberd behind his back, plants it in the ground—

Emily: Whoa!

Brennan: Goes into a three point crouch. The armor opens up, and Gilear's
fully dead body is vomited out onto the ground in front of you.

Emily: What?! Fully dead?!

Brennan: Full stop dead. Fully dead.

Lou: What?

Fig: Riz, do you have any diamonds on you?

Brennan: I'm gonna need Gorgug and Fabian to give me some Perception checks.

Lou: Okay.

Zac: Yeah. Are we flying, do we get advantage?

Brennan: Yes you are.

Riz: I don't have any diamonds.

Zac: 17, 17.

Lou: 26.

Brennan: 26.

Emily: Okay, wait.

Brennan: You guys spot infernal fire coming up from one of the islands and can
fly there with Baxter.

Emily: Okay, Brennan. I'm going to use Prestidigitation, because illusion is
real here. I'm gonna use Prestidigitation, you create a non-magical trinket or
illusory image that you can fit in your hand. I'm gonna create a diamond in my
hand and then Revivify Gilear.

Siobhan: Yes!

Brennan: Okay, I'm gonna need, to make it, I'm gonna need a DC 25 Performance
check, because you are trying to like, make a diamond beautiful enough that it
would be worth that.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Can we fly down?

Brennan: You guys can fly down, yes.

Murph: Is there anything I can do to help Fig with this?

Brennan: You can give her the help action, yeah.

Murph: Okay.

Zac: Can we get there before this happens, or?

Lou: Yeah, do we get to see any of Gilear's most beautiful day?

Brennan: As you guys are descending, you see the fullness. But you can just
see a golden suit of armor, so you don't know what's happening until you guys
land and Gilear gets vomited out.

Murph: We're cheering and letting out choking sobs with advantage?

Emily: I don't get it, yeah.

Zac: Can you get a Bardic from Fabian?

Emily: I got a 22.

Siobhan: Oh, from Fabian.

Brennan: Zac- oh, if you want a bardic from Fabian you can get it.

Lou: Yes, of course.

Fabian: Spring break, I believe in you.

Fig: Oh, okay.

Fabian: Also, what's happening?

Riz: Gilear rules and he's dead!

Emily: I got 27, does that count?

Brennan: A perfect diamond appears in your hand.

[Emily cheers]

Brennan: Fig, you rush forward to Gilear's dead body prostrate on the ground.
What do you do as you rush up?

Emily: I take him in my arms and I say,

Fig: I've always been afraid that I'm more like you than I am like Mom, but
now I know that I'm actually proud that I'm more like you than I am like Mom.

Emily: And I keep him in my arms and then I bring him back to life.

Brennan: You see that flaming anarchy symbol appears over his heart, and a
portal appears into his chest of flame. You reach your hand in, hold his
heart, and with the warmth and heat of the fire from your hand, squeeze his
heart and (gasps) your father comes back to life.

Emily: Ooh, can I also say that I used my bass guitar to almost like restart
his heart?

Brennan: Hell yeah, I love that. Boom, hit that power chord. He snaps back to
it, and as he does so, you see Gilear (gasps), comes to, all these wounds over
his body.

Lou: You say he's naked?

Fig: Don't look.

Brennan: Yeah.

Fig: Let a man have his privacy.

Fabian: Okay, all right.

Brennan: Actually, you know what? Gilear is naked. Everyone make a Dexterity
saving throw to not look at Gilear's junk while he's naked.

[Siobhan laughs]

Zac: I have Danger Sense, so I can do this with two.

Brennan: With advantage. I'm gonna say Fabian, you roll disadvantage.

Emily: 16.

Lou: God dammit.

Murph: I have 13.

Zac: Dirty 20.

Emily: 16, I gotta think I don't see it.

Lou: I get a flat 10.

Brennan: Fabian and Riz, Gilear is hung like a goddamn horse.

Lou: Fuck off! No he's not!

Murph: I just share a look with Fabian.

Lou: I fully look The Ball in the eye.

Brennan: Anyone who got a 14 or lower, you know for a fact that Gilear is
packing like nobody, you've been in locker rooms, it doesn't matter, nobody
you've ever seen.

Zac: It doesn't matter.

Emily: 16, blissful ignorance, thanks.

Riz: He is the chosen one.

Fabian: He truly is the chosen one, The Ball. I knew it all along, and now I
know it for sure.

Brennan: Gilear (gasps) comes back to life, quickly protects his modesty,
looks at you, Fig, puts a hand on your head and says, (sobs)

Gilear: Daughter, are you all right, are you safe?

Fig: Yes, yes, I am, I am specifically because of you, you just saved me and
you saved Riz, and you saved Baby, as soon as I free him.

Brennan: You see Baby screams.

Baby: [hands bound] Don't free me, I like this!

Fig: Okay, we'll build one of those for you at home.

Baby: [weirdly suggestively] I don't deserve to go around and do things!

Brennan: You see Gilear look, and just full weeping, he goes,

Gilear: My darling daughter, I am so glad you're safe. I am sorry I stole the
armor from the bottomless pit. I just didn't know any other way that if it
came down to it, I would be able to protect you. [pained] Ah! Oh.

Fig: You have nothing to apologize for. This means everything to me.

Gilear: [groans] I died, I died really quick. Really quick in there. It's
hard, because as soon as I started to kick ass, I started to feel like I was
cool, and then the armor just really killed me right away.

Riz: Gilear, that was the coolest goddamn thing I've ever seen. You're the
coolest guy.

Brennan: You see full tears, he looks around and says,

Gilear: Well, I am very glad that you… I'm glad it was worth doing. And if it
was cool, then that's fine, and if I clipped my penis into the armor by
accident and then started to feel like I was doing a good job, and then the
armor, and then that's pride, and then the armor found, you know, you see what
I mean? It's very hard to be kicking a lot of ass—

Fig: Gilear, Gilear, don't you realize though that this opens a well in you.
You've been missing out, I think you could use a little pride, so maybe
putting on this armor sort of opened an untapped reservoir that's maybe been
neglected. And maybe you should dip into that and try a little pride.

Fabian: Drink deeply, Gilear.

Fig: Drink deeply of the well of pride.

Gorgug: Gilear, is your penis okay?

Fig: Feel free to go a little too far, you're so far in the other direction.

Fabian: His penis is fine, Gorgug, I'll tell you that right now. His penis is
perfectly okay.

Gorgug: I'm not sure why, I'm feeling some animosity here, I'm not sure why.

Riz: I feel like, I didn't see the whole thing, but from what I saw, it looked
fine.

Fabian: I didn't see it all, but something tells me it's fine.

Riz: It was like over a leg and a little bit into like some bushes nearby.

Gilear: No no, that's all right.

Gorgug: Oh my god.

Gilear: Look, everyone. I, uh. Oh! That was wild, and I suppose if I have
enough pride that I can be killed by devil armor, then I should have enough
pride to know that when push came to shove, I did what was necessary to
protect my daughter and her friends. So, I feel that I've done what I needed
to do, and if this was my contribution, and I had to die and again, hurt my
penis very badly, then that is all to the good.

Fig: Dad, oh, go on, Dad?

Gilear: Sorry, yes.

Fig: No, you go, Dad.

Gilear: I was gonna say, some clothes would be wonderful.

Emily: Well, I can make things that are the size of my hand, so I make some
small clothing for him. Just Prestidigitation some clothing.

Zac: I for some reason have been holding on my inventory a leather jacket from
the Johnny Spells fight in the first season. Can I just give him a leather
jacket?

Brennan: Perfect. So Fig creates a crumpled up pair of briefs, which is like
what you can create, and so Gilear is wearing no shirt, leather jacket, pair
of tighty whities, that's all he's got.

Ally: Oh my god.

Riz: Now this dude fucks.

Fabian: [nodding] Yes he does.

Gorgug: We're here with, we found Baxter, but we didn't find your mom, by the
way. And I think she might be under a spell still?

Fig: Under a spell, what do you mean?

Fabian: She attacked Baxter.

Gorgug: So I think she, I don't know what's going on, but Baxter is pretty
hurt, and he had a bunch of arrows in him.

Fig: Well, I'm sure—

Fabian: [proudly] Gorgug healed him.

Fig: It's just some kind of spell, right?

Gorgug: Yeah, I mean, I guess so, I just think we should be ready for that.
Also, yeah, I only have one spell slot left, so I can only heal one more
person ever.

Fig: I've got Healing Word, if anyone needs it.

Gorgug: Okay.

Zac: I cast Spare the Dying on Gilear's penis.

Group laughs.

Brennan: You guys turn around as you hear someone approaching. Adaine rushes
into the clearing, holding a sword.

Adaine: Oh! Hi!

Gorgug, Fig, Fabian and Riz all say hi to Adaine.

Fig: You cool?

Adaine: I'm cool.

Fig: Wait a second, don't use that on us.

Adaine: I’m strong! I have a sword now. I'm not gonna use it on you.

Fabian: Okay.

Adaine: Wait, is everybody, everybody's here.

Fig: Except for Kristen.

Riz: Everybody except for Kristen.

Fabian: Yes, Kristen.

Fig: And also Sandra Lynn, we think she attacked Baxter.

Riz: And Ragh's still missing, and Tracker, obviously.

Fig: And Ragh is still missing, and Tracker.

Gorgug: The van. Wait, is the van here?

Fig: And Ayda of course

Adaine: And Ayda.

Fig: But we know where Ayda is, we know that Ayda's at the sanctum at the
cottage.

Zac: Wait, which place are we at right now? Is that not the celestial place?

Brennan: You guys are in the celestial gallery. You can sense other celestials
off in the woods. You're near where Ayda would be.

Adaine: Oh my god, let's go to Ayda. I have Locate Creature, we can cast
Locate Creature on Ayda.

Fig: Yeah.

Fabian: Can we make Gilear get back in the suitcase real quick?

Gorgug: How did he get in the suitcase?

Siobhan: Wait, I can't cast Locate Creature, I'm out of spell slots, I'm
sorry.

Lou: Or the briefcase, excuse me.

Brennan: Oh, you see that… What is it, oh, Gilear looked—

Emily: We had just walked by it.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: After Figueroth told me I was not allowed to come, I knew you wouldn't
let me, so I took the armor while you were sleeping and I hid in Riz's
briefcase.

Gorgug: Okay. (laughs) Wow, incredible.

Adaine: What's it like in there?

Gilear: I was extremely oxygen-deprived for a long time. So what I tried to do
was every time I felt like there was a rest or some stop of movement, I would
pop out and try to open it, but the last time I did it, the latch came down
and also there's a lot of stuff in here and I fell down and knocked some
things over, so it's been eventful.

Fig: Yeah. Well, it was all worth it. And I guess, I don't even know that we
need Locate Creature to find Ayda, because I literally got marched by her and
I have her feather, maybe her feather will--

Gorgug: Do you wanna hop on Baxter and, he's only got three HP, but--

Fig: Yeah, I can hop on Baxter and I can just kind of fly around to try and
find where I was when I felt her.

Fabian: Great.

Brennan: Incredible. So you guys are gonna go run and find, you're gonna go on
Baxter and find Ayda. What are the rest of you doing who are staying in the
clearing for right now?

Siobhan: I would like to cast Identify on my sword.

Brennan: Hell yes, cool. So you go ahead to cast Identify on the sword. As you
do so, you see that…

[sparkly Identify spell music]

Identify: Ah yes, this is another use of the Identify spell. The object that
you now hold in your hand is known as the Sword of Sight, the ancestral sword
of the oracle of the elves, constructed in ages long past by Telemaine
Lomenelda. While wielding this weapon, that has a plus one bonus to attack and
damage rolls, you gain the following benefits. Your base armor class while
wearing no armor is 12, which would bump your AC up to 15. You may cast
Divination cantrips as a bonus action. Any time you cast a Divination spell,
you gain the benefit of the Dodge action. You do not have disadvantage on
melee attacks made with this weapon against creatures you cannot see.

Adaine: Your grandfather made this sword, Fabian.

Fabian: Very cool. That's my grandpapa.

Adaine: He's really good at, slow, but good.

Fabian: Slow, but good, very good.

Murph: I'd like to really quick, because I'll probably have to tape over this
with something more important, but I'd like to play Gilear kicking demons'
asses and take a video of it with my crystal.

Emily: Ooh, upload it to our cool account.

Murph: I'll upload it to the cool account.

Zac: It looks like a found footage viral marketing campaign.

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Hell yes.

Murph: It's called "Gilear Absolutely Going Mad on These Lads."

[group laughs]

Brennan: Incredible. So. We're going to cut back to… We are going to cut now
back to Kristen Applebees. Kristen, what's going through your mind as you walk
through the terror of the Nightmare King's forest?

[discordant, Nightmare Forest ambiance]

Ally: All right, I have something to say. Okay, so I have no spells.

Brennan: Correct.

Ally: I've been, I wouldn't say forsaken since it was more my actions, but I
don't have Sol, I don't have the moon goddess.

Brennan: [shakes his head] Mm-mm.

Ally: Okay. Fuck. I would like to use my blood to start drawing, as fast as I
can, what I saw of this towering goddess being hit with lightning. I wanna try
to recreate that visual.

Brennan: Give me a Religion check.

Ally: Okay, that is a… [grins] That is a 25. I'm sorry, 24.

Brennan: The bark of the trees hungrily drinks in the blood. As your dirty
fingers smear the shape of this face, the blood moves across the surface of
the tree, sap begins to bleed out from the rivets of the bark, and you see the
sap is a deep, viscous red.

Low Menacing Voice: [snarls] Beware of what you give a face and what you give
a name. Power there is in these things. But perhaps more power there yet
remains in the nameless and the unseen. You know what is unseen, even now. She
is behind you and not far on your trail. She is hungry, Kristen, and when she
finds you, the kiss she gives you will be your last.

Kristen: I don't care.

Ally: I paint this picture of this face of the unknown goddess, and I get down
completely, like flat, like not even bowing, just full body down face on the
ground to worship it, making myself maybe now the representative of like 100%
of her followers, if as so above, so below, I am now representative and I
believe she's real and I believe she's good and that she can come back again.
It seems like the Nightmare King wanted to get rid of her, and the twilight,
you know, all the elves got rid of her as well, everyone's against her, but
I'm her number one follower.

Brennan: You get down underneath this tree, your hands covered in blood, the
image of the unnamed goddess in front of you. You begin to pray. You stop
running, and you can feel something in the forest, hungry, drawing closer to
you.

Ally: Mm-hmm. That's okay. I mean, I feel like people need to know what
they're worshiping, they have this kind of like, knowledge is power is
control, but I think that that's all an illusion, none of us really know why
we're here, and this god is perfect for me, and I'm still just, yeah, whole-
heartedly a follower of this mystery.

Brennan: You reach out. Give me a Religion check. You roll that with advantage
anyway, but go ahead and give me a Religion check.

Ally: 18.

Brennan: You begin to pray. As you do, you see the blood on the tree changes.
A beautiful face looks out at you and says…

Unnamed Goddess: You. All I ever wanted was to be there for people in the
darkness and tell them that the night can't hurt you. That the things that
you're afraid of in shadow are still dangerous in the light of day, and that
there is nothing in the darkness other than mystery. I just wanted to hold
their hand when they couldn't see.

Brennan: You feel this idea of like, this being reaching out to you and
saying,

Unnamed Goddess: Everyone abandoned and destroyed me.

Brennan: And you see a flash of images. You see this weird undead like pixie
or sprite that looks like it's like a cicada husk, like layers of its skin are
paper dry and like flaking off as it like chitters around. You see what looks
like a sculpture made of rotting wood and old moss-covered stone in the shape
of a centaur, but like a rotting, its like jaw is missing and like hanging
loose, made of like old rotted wood but with real bone teeth set into the
wood, and no eyes, just smooth wood over the top of its face. You see this
like, insane treant, like living tree, that is bound by iron bands all over it
that are clearly cutting into its wood, and it looks like huge and enraged,
and you see the elf that Adaine saw in her scrying on Kalina, the one that was
in the tree with the vines going into his mouth, that was all diseased and
covered in pustules. You see these flickers when she talks about people
betraying her, and realize that these are the court of elders. These people
and the unicorn are the people that you know, like you've read a lot of shit
about the high elves tricking people, but by the same token, these people
worshiped this goddess and allowed themselves to be tricked. They did not
listen to the visions that the goddess sent them. They betrayed their, you
know, it's not just the high elves that committed this betrayal, it was the
followers of the goddess as well. You have an image of the Nightmare King that
you still can't think of how to piece into this. You're not sure how the
Nightmare King figures into all this. And as you had that thing of like, the
Nightmare King killed the goddess, there is a little moment of residual fear,
and you feel that residual fear sever this vision and this connection. Not
fully, but you feel yourself like, gain intimacy, and then as you become
afraid of the Nightmare King, lose a little bit of intimacy, and you are back
in the clearing on your knees praying. A sphere of twilight surrounds you.
Your embrace of doubt surrounds you. And licking her chops in full wolf form,
her mouth covered in blood, is Tracker, staring at you hungrily.

Ally: Is the twilight from Tracker?

Brennan: Nah baby, that's from you.

Ally: That's from me.

Brennan: That's from you.

Ally: Do I feel like spells come to me, or is this like a...

Brennan: I'm going to say, does Kristen have fear of following the Unnamed
Goddess in her heart still or not? What is her conviction in her following
that path?

Ally: Zero fear, all conviction.

Brennan: Your spells return, Kristen is a Twilight Domain cleric.

Emily: Yeah!

Ally: Yeah, bitch. Okay, Tracker is in front of me, right?

Brennan: Tracker is there. She is being abjured. You realize that your
Twilight Domain is not like Tracker's. She is a moon priestess. She follows
that like primal path of the goddess whose followers killed the Unnamed
Goddess. Your shit is like pure nighttime. It is like, the goddess, you've
realized that like, doubt is impossible to hold as a conviction in your heart,
but a love and embrace of mystery is a belief you can hold in your heart. And
that feeling of standing in the middle of the nighttime in the deep forest and
not being afraid, that's the power that now rests in your heart. Tracker looks
at you. Yeah, what does Kristen do in this moment?

Ally: I cast Greater Invisibility on myself.

Brennan: You cast Greater Invisibility. Tracker (snorts) snarls, and you hear
a voice ring out from her. Tracker does a good job of keeping her lycanthropy
in check, this is a curse. You see this has taken her fully. You see she says,

Tracker: (snarls) Where are you running? Why don't you want to be close to me?
Why don't you accept me like I am? You're so fucking selfish. It's always
about your quest, your journey, your doubt, your mission. What do I do, just
support you? I'm so tired, I could rip you apart! [snarls] [screams]

Ally: I walk around behind her, and I slam my staff down and cast Greater
Restoration on her.

Brennan: You slam the staff down, cast Greater Restoration. Now this is
something that I have to look up to see if you can cast this on an unwilling
creature. Hold on one second.

Ally: I have a backup plan if not.

Zac: Do you have a dart?

Brennan: No, you just have a potion.

Ally: I just have a potion. No one would trust me, all right?

Zac: We shoulda given Kristen a dart gun.

Siobhan: No, absolutely not.

Ally: You all should have given me a lot of guns.

Murph: If you could physically use the dart, yeah. Now, yeah.

Brennan: I'm gonna home rule this as a like, it is a like melee attack, melee
spell attack. So go ahead, you have a +9 to this. Tracker's… Tracker's, ba ba
ba. Where is Tracker, hold on. Tracker's armor class is 14 so you just have to
roll a 4 or higher. What'd you get?

Ally holds up 3 fingers.

Brennan: 3.

Ally: A 3. Fuck!

Brennan: Your hand moves through Tracker. You see you are incorporeal. You're
still dead, or undead, or whatever thing you are. And you see that you are
sucked away as Tracker screams out in pain, just howling, and says,

Tracker: Why are you leaving me! I always knew you were gonna leave me!

Tracker screams.

Brennan: And you are gone.

Ally: As I'm being taken away, can I… Fuck, nevermind, I don't wanna do that.
[groans] Fuck, okay, yeah, nevermind, sorry.

Brennan: You zoom off. As you do so, as you zoom away from there, you see the
forest filling you with visions. You see the face of the Nightmare King as the
forest races past you, you're zooming through it. The Nightmare King says...

The Nightmare King: Why? You worship something that is dead and gone, the
goddess is no more. You have chosen a path of pain.

An image of the Nightmare King is on screen. He is a glowing lich skeleton
with tattered robes and a black crown.

Brennan: And fear rushes into you.

Ally: Can I roll to get to fight that? 'Cause I think death is the ultimate
mystery. I think it's fine that she's dead.

Brennan: Fuck yeah. And in fact, you said you're doing your Twilight Domain
thing, right? So like—

Ally: Yeah. (laughs)

Brennan: You can just end the fear effect on yourself. This Nightmare King
just starts throwing vision after vision of you. It throws you visions of the
fact that you abandoned your following of Helio, you know, people, all of
those second guesses of the fact that you chose a harder life for yourself,
hands down. Your brothers are left behind, your parents are confused, and
everything you've ever been afraid of, every weird, irrational story you've
ever told yourself about why you're bad, and that final fear comes in front of
you. What do you think Kristen's final fear she faces is? What's the last
thing she sees that the Nightmare King does to try to break her?

Ally: I mean, I just saw Tracker so messed up, maybe it's like Helio or
someone coming and saving like all of my friends, and I was just so wrong,
like, couldn't have been more wrong, and I just die totally alone, without
taking the easy answers that were offered.

Brennan: You look back, and the fear that the Nightmare King uses that you
feel about to snap to snap your soul in half is that exact fear. You got told
your entire childhood that the world would tempt you, that the devil always
sounds convincing, and that if you strayed from the path, you would be lost.
And what did you do when you went to Aguefort? Exactly what your parents said,
you strayed from the path. And you left because you were so sure you were
right, and you still haven't found the answers that you thought you could
find, and would it have been so bad to be wrong if you were just gonna be
wrong anyway this way and be miserable? And you feel that. You feel that
that's the best card the Nightmare King can play as you are whisking through
space and time. What does Kristen do as you break that fear off of you?

Ally: I think I think about how the… Who was the god that I just talked to
that's like Tracker's god?

Brennan: Galicaea.

Ally: Galicaea, I think about how she just straight-up lied. Like she's
clearly grasping at straws for power, she said that the Nightmare King killed
her sister when in reality, she convinced all of her sister's followers to
forget her. Like it just seems like everybody is after, it's a power grab, and
everybody's basic and wrong.

Brennan and Ally laugh.

Brennan: As you say, "everybody is basic and wrong,"

Group laughs.

Brennan: You leave the realm of fear.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You're drawing spells from a divinity that is gone, and the spells
are working, and you got killed, but you didn't die, and anyone who can look
at those facts and think they know how the cosmos works is crazy. And the only
sane thing to do is to accept that all of this and the way it all fits
together is more complex than any being, even a god, could understand. And the
honesty of the divinity you've chosen that says "mortals, I also don't know,"
fills you with more hope and peace than you can imagine. You are floating
above all of your friends in a clearing. You can see them all. It doesn't
really make sense, but you feel something, in one of your friends' pockets, I
believe it's Adaine, it's either Adaine or Fig. Who took Kristen's finger
bone?

Siobhan raises her hand.

Brennan: Adaine.

Siobhan: I did.

Brennan: You feel drawn to something in Adaine's pocket.

Ally: Okay, I go reach into Adaine's pocket.

Adaine: Do you feel something?

Brennan: You guys watch as a finger bone, Kristen's finger bone, floats up
into the air.

Adaine: What the hell? I hate this place.

Brennan: As you guys do that...

Zac: I'm gonna attack it. I get crit automatically on objects, so.

Murph: I pull out my gun.

Zac: Max damage on this finger bone.

Emily: I think I'm on Baxter, I think I might not be there.

Brennan: Kristen. You're holding your own finger bone.

Kristen: I've always wanted to do that.

Brennan: Maybe you died, maybe this is some new thing. You think it might be
impossible for you to come back to life. But… You feel these like new spells
and miracles filling your body, coming from this unknown source. The fact that
something is impossible maybe doesn't mean anything. You feel a potential that
you could maybe, if you wanted to, cast Raise Dead on yourself.

[[the music in the background is gentle, heavenly and choral]

Ally: Whoa. I cast Raise Dead on myself.

Brennan: You guys look, see the finger bone, it turns into a single point of
light, like a distant star.

Zac: Of course.

Brennan: And the night sky appears behind it and opens. With a halo of softly
scintillating shadow depicting a starry nighttime sky, Saint Kristen Applebees
walks out of void, having raised herself from the dead, as your finger
reattaches, and forever after glows with a little bit of starlight.

Kristen: Oh, that's hot for being gay.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Incredible. Awesome. Kristen has returned, you guys see Kristen back
with you.

Adaine: KRISTEN!!

Gorgug: It's Kristen!

Kristen: Hey!

Emily: Am I there? Am I there?

Brennan: Yes, you are still there, you had not left on Baxter yet.

Fig: Kristen, I'm sorry, I tried to Revivify you, and then I went into this
tunnel, and it was scary, and then we found you and it was bones.

Gorgug: Your bones were really old.

Fabian: It's like you died 600 years ago or something.

Riz: I chased that unicorn, I thought that the unicorn took you, but then it
didn't, 'cause—

Fig: Are you okay?

Kristen: No, the unicorn is bad, the unicorn is part of like a council of
elders and all of them fucked over my new god, and it's the only one alive, it
seems like—

Fabian: New god?

Kristen: Wait, Gorgug, I died again!

Gorgug: Aww, yeah, I know. I'm so sorry I wasn't there.

Kristen: No, it's okay, it's just it's different the second time.

Gorgug: Was the second time different? Okay, interesting.

Kristen: It's like meeting the boss. It's like the boss level. I got to see a
bunch of different gods, they all were bad. Yeah, no, but anyway, yeah, now
I'm, oh wait, I saw Tracker. Tracker is really fucked up. Are you guys good,
did you find everybody?

Gorgug: We can't find—

Kristen: Ayda and Sandra Lynn?

Fig: We know where Ayda is.

Adaine: I killed my dad.

Everyone cheers excitedly.

Kristen: You killed your dad?

Fabian: Damn.

Ally: I hug you.

Kristen: Congrats!

Fabian: We are having a day.

Fig: That's good, I love that for you.

Kristen: Man.

Adaine: I had to leave Aelwyn, but we weren't very far away, I feel like, can
we go back to where I left Aelwyn?

Brennan: Yes, so there is Ayda to get, there is Aelwyn to get, Gilear is here
with you guys as well.

Siobhan: The Chosen One. I believe it now.

Ally: Tracker.

Zac: Tracker, Ragh.

Brennan: Ragh, and you know that your mom is somewhere off doing the ritual.
So—

Emily: And then yeah, what about Sandra Lynn?

Brennan: Sandra Lynn, you haven't seen Sandra Lynn yet, nor have you guys seen
Ragh.

Ally: Okay.

Emily: Okay, so they're somewhere together.

Zac: Can we try to, how much time do we have?

Brennan: I think you guys probably don't think you have too much time. Who's
going to go get Ayda, who's gonna go get Aelwyn, and is there anything else
people are doing?

Ally: While we're doing, oh, sorry.

Siobhan: Can I take either Kristen or Gorgug? Either Kristen or Gorgug.

Zac: One slot total.

Siobhan: She just needs to be brought back up.

Ally: I can do it now.

Emily: I could also use someone with heals, I don't know how hurt Ayda is.

Zac: I think that's just—

Ally: Oh, you're right. Who has antidotes, who do we need to heal?

Lou: I do not.

Ally: I tried to heal Tracker, but I fucked up.

Murph: I can go, if Kristen wanted to come with me, I could try to get Tracker
with a dart.

Ally: Yes, yeah, I think that will work, she's really rabid.

Zac: Kristen, you're the only one that can really heal anyone, also.

Ally: Is there a way to get everybody in one spot? 'Cause I have some new kind
of like aura abilities that I can heal and protect people if we get us
stacked.

Emily: Okay. I can go just grab Ayda on Baxter and bring her back to be healed
by you.

Murph: That's a good idea. Fig, do you have any--

Adaine: Yeah, Fabian, do you wanna come on a Aelwyn rescue mission with me?

Fabian: I would love to.

Zac: Fig, do you have any heals?

Emily: I have bonus action Healing Words.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: I have some heals that I could try to heal Baxter with. I have a Cure
Wounds.

Brennan: Cool. So it sounds like you guys are gonna split up. Adaine and
Fabian are gonna go to get Aelwyn. Fig and Gorgug, Fig and who else is gonna
go get Ayda?

Zac: I can go wherever. What makes sense for, I think I could go with Fig.

Emily: Yeah, why don't you come with me?

Murph: That makes the most sense.

Brennan: And then Riz and Kristen, Gilear's gonna go with Fig as well. Riz and
Kristen are going off to go try to find Tracker?

Ally and Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: I just healed Baxter for 20, by the way.

Emily: Yeah!

Zac: Whoa.

Lou: Look at that.

Brennan: Also, our final Bad Kid to do this, Kristen's Intelligence bumps up
two points to 14.

Ally: Hey!

Siobhan: The smart kids.

Zac: It's not the Dex, though?

Emily: Not Dex, though?

Siobhan: Yeah, not that Dex, though?

Kristen: I don't know what you guys are talking about, I'm very dextrous. When
have I ever fallen down?

Gorgug: You fell down right now, you're on the ground.

Riz: You don't bend your knees when you walk.

Brennan: Incredible. You guys split up, we're gonna take a short break here.
Maybe we actually should take our full break here, we've been playing for
about two and a half hours. And we will come back and jump right in, hell
yeah, gang.

[NEXT EPISODE - [Episode 20: Spring Break! I Believe In You! (Part
2)](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vR292p0bQ3wu9w1aZne4jrtimWs3atsFxVHp9gRnbpqwMSQi6UC9M2vJKCv9-s9n6LYJZ6LixGQuK_Y/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650570719484&usg=AOvVaw3nlyJY7r3Ij1FHyMYvCW6p)]

* * *

Captions extracted by: matthew

Edited by: gluegunshots, Hana, Ashherner, rowan solsys

Published using Google Docs

[Learn More](https://support.google.com/docs/answer/183965 "Learn
more")[Report
Abuse](https://docs.google.com/abuse?id=AKkXjoxrthoWcdXvCWz2H19c9LAkptiUtEsdzejiTV2XzJuRyHElhxvld2jyOzkN1r7mhRDtCsGplpkfcpaoFpo:0)

Episode 20: Spring Break! I Believe In You! (Part 2)

Updated automatically every 5 minutes

Dimension 20 LIVE

Fantasy High: Sophomore Year

Starring: Brennan Lee Mulligan as Dungeon Master

Emily Axford as Fig Faeth; Zac Oyama as Gorgug Thistlespring;

Siobhan Thompson as Adaine Abernant; Lou Wilson as Fabian Seacaster;

Ally Beardsley as Kristen Applebees; and Brian “Murph” Murphy as Riz Gukgak

Episode 20: Spring Break! I Believe In You!

(Part 2)

< [[Previous
Episode](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/e/2PACX-1vSDBNpozKvKjXX77ofJvRIZhfsm9OPViBWG1NkICdki3OSn5HAcoXT_R5twOdGrb2hCYMKAVfxWdIw7/pub&sa=D&source=editors&ust=1680650575705034&usg=AOvVaw2ydPncshMb8rdIvTIy5i6E)]

## [Significant Figures Fan Album begins playing]

### Burn Towns Get Money

(upbeat rock music)

I just wanna be rich and get money and

burn this town to the ground

so listen up cuz I’m gonna start a riot and I

Don’t care if you see my underwear

front kick to the face

not a lady no grace and I

I like to think that I am the fucking best

so let’s go and make a mess

tear it up tear it down

Cause I wanna see fire rise to the sky

so pour the gasoline out

cause I wanna swim in gold and rival the stars

so get a match and throw it out

stand by me

paint the town with me

repeat after me

burn towns (burn towns)

burn towns get money

stand by me

paint the town with me

repeat after me

burn towns (burn towns)

burn towns get money

You don’t have to be rich to wreck shop

Just get a couple of friends

Who’ll stay with you ‘til the end

and head out to the

Wide world just your squad and your bass

carve it onto its face

That the sig figs were here

You know you best

and you’re better than the rest

fuck what other people say

tear it up tear it down

Cause I wanna see fire rise to the sky

so pour the gasoline out

cause I wanna swim in gold and rival the stars

so get a match and throw it out

stand by me

paint the town with me

repeat after me

burn towns (burn towns)

burn towns get money

stand by me

paint the town with me

repeat after me

burn towns (burn towns)

burn towns get money

Sometimes I miss the safety that towns bring

But then I remember I’m fucking rich, and I don’t need to live in a town

3, 4!

stand by me

paint the town with me

repeat after me

burn towns (burn towns)

burn towns get money

stand by me

paint the town with me

repeat after me

burn towns (burn towns)

burn towns get money

### My Van Is A Boat

(light guitar music)

I'm feeling really bad and my van is a boat

I'm feeling really sad and my boat is a van

These feelings that I have like a frog in my throat

So I take Boggy by the hand and... Hey, are you my dad?!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Zelda's feeling bad and my van is a boat

Zelda's feeling sad and my boat is a van

My girlfriend's really mad and she's also a goat

I'm fawning for a faun, I don't know what's going on

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Bad Kids, Bad Kids, sometimes we're the Sad Kids

I'm bad kid, I'm baa'd kid, I'm sorry for what I did

Bad Kids, Bad Kids, sometimes we're the Sad Kids

I'm bad kid, I'm baa'd kid, I'm sorry for what I did

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

Night Yorb is coming for us!

...and my van is a boat

### Actor

I've been so many people,

More than you'll ever meet,

I've worn so many faces around

They now all go skin deep

I've made myself an expert

At letting myself fade away

Sometimes I can't help but fear

That I got lost in the haze

Light the pyre, baby

'Cause I'm not slowing down

I'm an actor, a liar

Spinning you around

I'm on fire, baby

Burning like a star

I'm an actor, a liar

And I've made it this far

I can't keep myself together

Everything goes wrong

Changing who I think I am

With each new tragic song

It's happening again

I see I've been here before

I know you so well, but as for myself

These days I'm still unsure

Light the pyre, baby

'Cause I'm not slowing down

I'm an actor, a liar

Spinning you around

I'm on fire, baby

Burning like a star

I'm an actor, a liar

I've made it this far

Can't tell the truth, can't let it slip

Here's what I want, here's how I get it

Can't tell the truth, can't stop the lies

It's fine, it's all part of my disguise

Can't feel a thing, can't be myself

I'm numb if I'm not someone else

Can't feel a thing, can't let it hurt

Those pretend feelings and empty flirts

So

Light the pyre, baby

'Cause I'm not slowing down

I'm an actor, a liar

Spinning you around

I'm on fire, baby

Burning like a star

I'm an actor, a liar

And I've made it this far

Yeah I'm an actor, a liar

Hope I don't go too far

### Phoenix

(light guitar music)

the darkness closes in

and i am not myself tonight

surrounded i’m caged in

but i can’t help but feel delight

under night sky

in the moonlight

i’m seeing clearly

what’s a telescope but a spyglass pointed at the stars

it may bring them closer to our vision but not to our hearts

can you hear their song will you let it’s fire live inside of you

until your eyes burn bright

the phoenix comes alive tonight

i’m invisible but you see me

and for the first time i’m not thinking bout where else i’d rather be

and though you scare me

like i scare you

i’ve got a feeling it’d be scarier to run away

and truth

was never my strong suit

but i want you to know me

and i wanna know me too

i’ll go dancing in the flames

if it means i dance with you

and i’ll leave early from the party

if it means i leave with you

i’ll sign my pride away

if that’s what you want me to do

i can’t promise i won’t change

but i wanna change with you

what’s a telescope but a spyglass pointed at the stars

it may bring them closer to our vision but not to our hearts

can you hear their song will you let it’s fire live inside of you

until your eyes burn bright

the phoenix comes alive tonight

### [BROADCAST BEGINS]

Brennan: Hello one and all, welcome back from our break in this mondo remote
finale of Fantasy High Sophomore Year. This is Dimension 20 LIVE or as close
to it as we could get. I'm your humble dungeon master Brennan Lee Mulligan.
With me as always are our intrepid heroes. Say hi, intrepid heroes.

Players: Hi, intrepid heroes.

Brennan: Oh, we love it. Well, you guys know what's just been happening. Our
Bad Kids are reunited in the heart of the Forest of the Nightmare King atop
one of these islands of stone in a sea of mist with the forest growing out of
the top. In the Celestial Gallery in this island, this insane, knotted,
gnarled dark forest where we see celestials hung up and trapped like flies in
a spider's web. Fig, Riz, and Gilear rush towards Ayda Aguefort.

Emily: I thought it was Fig, Gorgug, and Gilear.

Zac: It's Gorgug.

Brennan: Oh, sorry. I am incorrect, it is Fig, Gorgug, and Gilear. So the Cig
Figs and their assistant rush (laughing) into the forest together.

Emily mimics the bass notes of the backing track.

Zac: We're on tour.

Brennan: On tour, baby.

Emily: We're on tour, baby. We should get a tour griffin instead of a tour
van.

Brennan: (laughs) Are you guys flying on Baxter or no?

Zac: Yeah.

Emily: I thought we were but...

Brennan: Yes, cool, you guys take off on Baxter. Baxter doesn't even break the
canopy. Baxter just stays within the trees zigging and zagging and flying
through them as fast as possible. Obviously Baxter's still at 3 hit points,
but—

Zac: I thought he got healed for 20 from—

Lou: 23.

Brennan: Ooh.

Siobhan: Oh yes.

Brennan: News to me, that's great. Okay, got healed for 20.

Emily: May I also, I've started going through, since we have an aerial view
I'd also just like to keep an eye out for Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: Cool, give me a perception check.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Can I look too?

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Emily: Ooh, 23.

Brennan: 23.

Zac: 16.

Brennan: 16\. Fig, there is a moment as Baxter gets closer to the canopy where
you just have a sudden feeling of dread. Like the last thing you'd wanna do
would be to break the canopy right now. You continue flying through the woods.
Gorgug, with that 16, as you guys approach, and again, Adaine and Fabian are
rushing off towards Aelwyn. Riz and Kristen and going to go look for Tracker.
You have this moment of dread like showing your face above the canopy right
now would be dangerous, you also feel a change in pressure. The Infaethable
Bass is attuned to energy damage, and you see that it kind of crackles with
electricity for a moment in a very subtle way. Not like a big, flashy spell
being cast but just a momentary bit of static almost. It's like a barometer as
if the temperature is changing. Maybe the wind is moving in a different way.
The air feels like it's hanging low with moisture and menace and darkness.

Emily: Is this from my Sandra Lynn perception? Is this related to that or is
this just as we approach the sanctum?

Brennan: As you approach the sanctum you think.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: You begin to move through and as you do so you get towards the
Celestial Gallery. Your Perception is good, you have the feather so go ahead
actually and roll Perception with advantage. And Gorgug, I'll tell you what
you get on that 16 as well.

Emily: I got a 17 for Perception.

Brennan: Baxter continues to fly through and as Baxter does so you see that
there, her arms up above her, mouth covered, her eyes still burning bright.
Ayda is up in these bonds. Gorgug, on that 16 you look at see Zaphriel the
Planetar nearby like off in the gallery. Baxter lands, Gilear jumps off. Ayda
is up, bound, holding on to your earring, Fig. Her eyes look up at you and
just streaks of flame come down her eyes. What does Fig do in this moment?

Emily: I'm beelining it, and I'm just gonna untie her. I don't care if that's
reckless.

Fig: Hold me back, Gorgug, try.

Zac: I hold Fig back for a second and make an Insight check.

Gorgug: Let's just, I don't know, hang on, the Hangvan's here. That's what the
Hangvan looks like.

Zac: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Make an Insight check for me.

Zac: 19.

Brennan: Uh, 19. You look at Ayda. It is, you can categorically rule out that
Ayda is related to you in any way. You give her a once-over real quick and you
know for sure, not your dad, not your mom, not even really a cousin probably.
So on a 19 that's what you get. Insight-wise though, you said 19?

Zac: Yes, 19.

(Lou laughs)

Brennan: The structure of the branches and everything here, there are a lot of
branches that come out at strange angles almost like the trees had attempted
to grow into unnatural angles. Like, trees don't want to have sharp 45-degree
turns. They don't wanna do things like that. It's almost like the trees here
were trying to look like the structures of rafters and roofs and a house.

Emily: Ah.

Zac: Are we in the sanctum?

Brennan: You may well be.

Emily: Oh.

Zac: I...

Emily: Let's maybe try to fly out and just if it, like real quick dip up then
dip back down just to see what our mobility is.

Zac: Didn't you have the feeling that it would kill us?

Emily: Okay, then from here then why don't I from here 60ft away cast Shatter
on Ayda's shackles.

Brennan: You boom, hit the outside of the shackles. The shackles come undone.
You hit that chord on your bass. And as you do so you feel (mimics
reverberations) magic reverberate around. Of anything actually that has
happened thus far that appears to weaken the feeling that you're having in
this moment. You see that Ayda snaps one arm out, snaps the other, grabs the
thing, pulls out of the bonds, and as soon as she gets a hand free she Misty
Steps. She appears in front of you.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: And she picks you up in her arms, twirls into the air, and kisses you
right on the mouth.

Fig: Got there before I did, girl.

(group laughing)

Brennan: She looks at you—

Fig: Are you okay? Do you need heals or anything like that? I don't know what
you've been through. I mean, I saw it a little bit. I scryed on you, not on
purpose, not in an invasive way, really just to try to save you.

Brennan: You see, first of all she takes your earring and you see, clips it
into her own ear. She goes,

Ayda: [heavy breathing] For safekeeping. I am okay.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check.

Emily: Okay. 18.

Brennan: Ayda is not possessed. She, a different thing happened to her than
happened to your other allies. Her celestial heritage trapped her in this
gallery of celestials, you think you, Gorgug, and Gilear and probably okay
because as you're looking around at the captured entities you see they are all
angelic. It very clearly is like, the servants of divine entities in the upper
planes are what got captured here. You see, with a 19 insight also, you see
that Ayda is, her legs are shaking and she is lying to you. She's saying she
is okay 'cause she doesn't want you to be scared, but you can see many levels
of exhaustion. She's a very powerful wizard so you don't think she's like, out
for the count so to speak, but it is very clear that she has been straining
herself against these bonds unyieldingly for days.

Fig: Okay, Ayda please, just sit on Baxter with me for a little bit just even
for my sake.

Zac: Do you have a tincture?

Emily: Me? I don't.

Zac: I have one, I'm wondering if it makes sense 'cause they're like
technically, I don't know if it's—

Emily: Yeah, let's give her a Greater Restoration 'cause she has exhaustion.

Zac: I'm not sure, is it the same thing as a Greater Restoration for sure? I
wasn't—

Siobhan: No.

Brennan: When Kristen does it, it removes Kalina from it as well. But you see,
Ayda goes to sit on Baxter. She looks up, she's crying so hard. She looks up
and says,

Ayda: (sighs) I told you that if you ever spoke my name while holding my
feather I would come, I heard it every time. I'm sorry, to— A wizard should
come when their name is said and to a gift they'd given, I'm very, very,
sorry.

Fig: Yeah, but a wizard is also allowed to be a person and you were in extreme
situations and there's no part of me that felt betrayed by any means.

Ayda: [wipes her eyes and sniffs] I missed you so much, I'm very--

Fig: I missed you, too. I wanna talk to you, but Gorgug's here so. (chuckles)

Gorgug: Should I walk further away?

Fig: (laughs) No, I don't understand if we have time or not. Are there people
down there that we need to go save still?

Brennan: You see Ayda says,

Ayda: I think we are very close to the end. I think that something very bad is
in the works.

Brennan: You see Gilear says,

Gilear: I believe it would be wise for us to return and join the others as
soon as we can.

Gorgug: Ayda, I'm just curious if you have a gauge on this. What would happen
if I cut some of these trees down?

Brennan: Ayda looks around, she's gonna make an Arcana check.

Ayda: I believe that could be very wise.

Gorgug: Okay.

Ayda: You are truly the greatest wizard of this age.

Gorgug: And I came right when everyone called me.

(group laughing)

Fig: Okay Gorgug, shh. No, no, no, no.

Gorgug: I don't mean that as a dig.

Brennan: Ayda starts rubbing her head like—

Gorgug: Hey, no, no, no, I'm sorry, that came off wrong.

Zac: And I'm just gonna start wailing on these trees.

Brennan: You walk over to Zaphriel.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: The gravity axe hums. (mimics humming) This tree is hewn in one fell
swoop. Zaphriel stands up, he goes,

Zaphriel: Bro, that is my dude, my guy, yes! What's up, man?

Gorgug: This is what you look like?

Zaphriel: I'm like a huge, blue guy with a bald head. I got these wings.

Gorgug: That's awesome. That's awesome.

Zaphriel: Hell yeah, dude!

Gorgug: When we get outta here, you don't have to be in my van anymore if you
don't want, but you know, the job's open if you want it.

Zaphriel: Dude honestly, here's the deal, dude. I was kicked out of paradise.
I'm like semi-fallen, so I have like a bunch of cool-ass stuff in that gem. I
have, like a private beach, I have, like some coconuts. I have a little
hammock, so [gives double peace signs] we're living that chill life dude.

Gorgug: Insane.

Brennan: He looks at you guys and says. As you did that. Actually I'm gonna
say, Fig, give me a, Fig and Gorgug actually, both give me Insight checks with
advantage if you'd be so kind.

Zac: 15.

Emily: 15.

Brennan: You guys both notice, Fig, you just get a weird kind of premonition,
you feel almost like vibrations through your bass guitar and Gorgug, you are,
I feel like almost looking through your crystal like as you mocked it up, by
the way, you are getting signal here on your crystal.

Zac: Oh, shit, do we wanna call anybody? I'm just gonna text, I'll text Zelda
and be like,

Gorgug: Hey we're in the forest. Things are maybe not great, but I think we're
on a upswing right now.

Brennan: (laughs) You get a text immediately back. You see Zelda text back and
it says,

Zelda: Hanging with the other maidens. Thanks for checking in, I hope
everything's okay. Feel free to shoot pictures. Let us know if you are gonna
take pictures or video of anything 'cause we'll try to stream it.

Zac: Amazing, well, I'll just stream the sanctum.

Brennan: You stream the sanctum. You see a chat opens up with the other Seven
Maidens who start doing bits in the chat in the side of the stream.

Gorgug: Hey guys.

Brennan: Like ‘ooh, creepy, hate that.’ The feeling you got on that 15 guys
was, it wasn't chopping down the tree, but when Zaphriel got freed you felt
some the magic of this place dissipate.

Zac: So it's absorbing the magic from the angels maybe?

Brennan: It looks--

Emily: Is there anyone else in here?

Brennan: Tons all throughout.

Emily: Let's just free them willy-nilly.

Zac: I'm just gonna, [mimes chopping trees] yeah.

Brennan: You see Zaphriel, yeah, you're bam, bam, bam.

Emily: Shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter, shatter.

Brennan: Zaphriel looks around at people. Zaphriel looks at you, Gorgug and
Fig and says,

Zaphriel: If you guys are trying to beat feet and get outta here you can leave
the homie here, I'm strong as hell and I got tons of magic. I can get all
these buds out.

Gorgug: Amazing.

Fig: Yeah.

Gorgug: Hey, Zaphriel, good luck, dude, the van's waiting for you.

Zaphriel: Gorgug, sincerely, one love, brother. I'll see you after.

Gorgug: Absolutely.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And you see that Zaphriel just starts freeing everybody. Ayda looks
around and again seems to say like,

Ayda: The curses, all of the trans-substantiations took physical objects and
often changed them either into other physical objects or in some cases
ephemeral, hard to understand concepts like a curse, but it seems that there
is, at least by attacking some of the elements of this curse we can, it feels
like this energy is going somewhere.

Brennan: And Ayda goes,

Ayda: Curious, very curious.

Brennan: And you guys jump on Baxter. Ayda is flying right next to Baxter as
well, and you guys take off. We're gonna cut over to Fabian and Adaine. You
guys rush back to the clearing. You see Aelwyn is still there on the ground.
Your father's body is still there on the ground. What do you guys do as you
rush into the clearing?

Siobhan: Pick her up.

Lou: Yeah, grab her.

Siobhan: Between the two of us.

Lou: Yeah, do a little fireman's carry action.

Siobhan: Yeah, I could even have, if you'll allow it, have cast Unseen Servant
as we get there so that we have the little Unseen Servant.

Lou: All three—

Brennan: Fabian and Adaine, you rush into the clearing together. As you do so
you see the body of Angwyn and Aelwyn's body as well, what do you do?

Siobhan: Can we say that I have created an Unseen Servant as we're running
over here?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Siobhan: So we can have an Unseen Servant pick her up?

Brennan: Yes, Unseen Servant picks her up, begins to carry her behind you,
both of you make a Perception check for me.

Zac: Oh no, ooh.

Siobhan: 17.

Lou: Only 12.

Brennan: You hear something coming through the forest towards you.

Siobhan: Is there like a place that we can hide like a bush or something?

Brennan: Yeah, you guys can jump behind a bush.

Siobhan: Yeah, let's do that.

Lou: All right. We hide behind a bush.

Brennan: Limping into the clearing, dragging a broken hind leg is a hellhound,
you see a worried, wet-looking lava dog.

Zac: Oh no.

Brennan: With black skin, it's like cracked like the way that volcanic rock
gets cracked when there's magma under it. See, he's got like magma eyes and a
mouth that's kind of glowing with lava and is limping into the clearing
sniffing around and is covered with brambles and scratches from the Nightmare
Forest.

Lou: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Make a what?

Lou: Can I make an Insight check?

Brennan: Yeah, please do.

Lou: That is a, oh, why can't I find it? There it is, that's a mod 20.

Brennan: Your dog has just walked into the clearing. Or your motorcycle if you
prefer.

Fabian: Hang— Hang, Hangman?

Onscreen is character art of first the Hangman motorcycle, then the Hangman
dog. He has a very hangdog expression.

Hangman: Master, master, master, I found you!

Fabian: Oh, Hangman, you're a, you have paws instead of wheels.

Hangman: I'm sorry, I know it's shameful. I wish I was a motorcycle!

Fabian: No, no, this form is cool as hell, you have lava coming out of your
mouth.

Hangman: It's terrible, I'm a stupid dog, I'm just a dog, not a--

Adaine: You're such a cute dog?

Hangman: Oh no!

Adaine: You're so cute.

Siobhan: I scratch him behind the ears.

Fabian: He is not a cute dog. He is not a cute dog.

Adaine: Oh, you're a dangerous, you're a big, dangerous dog, aren't you? Yes,
you are, yes you are dangerous.

Hangman: [nearly crying] I wish I was a motorcycle.

Fabian: Hangman, what are you doing here?

Hangman: Master, I returned to the home of Grover Tillythatch, I returned to
Holly Hill, and I could not find the weak man, the yogurt man and so I knew
that I had made a mistake, and I sniffed him out and I could only think that
he'd entered the forest. And I begged and plead at the briar wall but I was
not a high enough devil. And finally some high-ranking devil allowed me to
come in but I had to shed my form. I had to get rid of the bindings of the
motorcycle that kept me if I wanted to come and try to save you.

Fabian: Hey, Hangman, I don't love you because you're a bike, right, I love
you because you're villainous and you're pure evil and you'd run over anyone I
asked you to. And you could probably still do that in dog form, all right? So
I'm glad you're here.

Lou: Can I get on him or? I mean, he's hurt.

Brennan: No, no, he is hurt, but he is enormous, he's like bigger than a Great
Dane. He's like eight feet long. His shoulders are like four and a half feet
off the ground. He's—

Lou: Oh, hell yes.

Brennan: Yeah.

Fabian: Plus Hangman, once you're back up to snuff, riding you, I'm going to
look way fucking cooler.

Brennan: You see he goes,

Hangman: Sire, you have seen me not for how I appear, but for the truly
stained soul within me. I can never thank you enough.

Fabian: Well, hopefully you'll never have to thank me. Hopefully we'll just
keep kicking ass together and it'll be fucking dope.

Hangman: Yes, sire, this more than anything is what I wish.

Brennan: You see that, yeah, The Hangman walks along with you. Where do you
guys go with Aelwyn and The Hangman?

Fabian: Are we headed back, Adaine? I mean, I'm not sure.

Adaine: Yeah, I think that to where we were before we sort of didn't agree.

Fabian: I mean, is there anything to looking around here?

Siobhan: We're all close together, right?

Fabian: Is there anything to looking around here for tracks of your mother or
something like that?

Adaine: That's a good idea.

Fabian: I mean, I don't know. That's The Ball's thing. The last time I tried
to look for clues I bit glass so I'm not 100% sure I want to—

Siobhan: I'm pretty good at clues. I can do a little investigation check
around here.

Lou: I don't know.

Brennan: Cool, go ahead and give me some Investigation checks guys.

Lou: I got a 15.

Siobhan: I got a 17.

Murph: Bardy Boys.

Siobhan: Bardy Boys.

Lou: What's up, Bardy Boys, we're back.

Siobhan: What's up Bardy Boys?

Brennan: Yes, you see Killian and Arianwen's tracks leading out of here, you
can follow them.

Fabian: Well, let's get everybody else and then head back here.

Adaine: Yeah, we know where they are, great.

Brennan: Hell yeah, so we are now going to...

(tense instrumental music)

Siobhan: Uh-oh.

Brennan: Over to Kristen and Riz. You guys are looking for Tracker. Go ahead
and give me Investigation checks as you look for Tracker.

Murph: I only got a 16.

Ally: I only got a 10.

Brennan: Copy that. You do not find Tracker here. You arrive at the edge of
this spire, this kind of like island of trees which you can see is sort of
purposefully made to be this jail for celestials. It leads to a much larger,
taller spire off in the ocean of mist. You look and see that there is a side
of the cliff that is on this other island raised up. So there's like forest on
the top of the spire and then there is a chunk that goes up even higher to
just a bald, rocky cliff face almost like a little crescent of stone raised up
on the edge of this one giant stone island. And there is a large staircase
going up like, 300, 400-foot staircase headed up to this ridge. On a 16 Riz,
you look up and see a tree at the top of that staircase on the rock ridge, a
lone tree and you recognize it from Adaine's scrying. This is the tree. And if
that's the tree that means that that is the island. You feel that while you
have not found Tracker, that Arianwen is that way. You look up above you and
above that island the clouds are dark, heavy, ominous gray. You see a ripple
on the horizon and rain begins to fall. (mimics rain pouring) Down the
cliffside from you is a rickety rope bridge that extends probably 2,000 feet
connecting the two islands as rain begins to fall. (mimics rumbling) Thunder
rolls and you begin to see lightning. Kristen, you don't need to make any roll
for this. This lightning is coming from a divine event. This is not natural.
The storm is breaking here, your time is running out. Riz and Kristen, what do
you do?

[tense, quick, adventurous orchestral music]

Murph: This look like this is where the Nightmare King is being summoned?

Brennan: Yes.

Riz: We have to get the others, right?

Kristen: Yeah.

Riz: You don't have a way to stop this, do you?

Kristen: Um, I don't think so. I mean, I have, we could go up there and see
what they're doing. Ah fuck, you're right--

Riz: By ourselves?

Kristen: We do need the other, no, no, you're right obviously.

Murph: How far is everybody else?

Brennan: They're back on this little spit of rock with you guys not too far
away.

Riz: I have a signal flare.

Kristen: Oh yeah, do it!

Riz: I mean, the forest is magic and evil. Everybody knows where we are
anyway.

Kristen: Yeah.

Murph: All right. Shoot it off.

Brennan: Fig, Gorgug, Fabian, Adaine, you guys see from one side of the island
you're on a signal flare go up.

Fig: All right, let's--

Gorgug: We gotta go.

Fig: Steer in that direction.

Lou: Oh yes, that's right.

Fig: Baxter, avoid the flare.

Murph: I just directly shoot Baxter.

Zac makes screeching Baxter noise.

Murph: Oh.

Brennan: Incredible.

Ally: What time is it right now ish? Like, would people be fully awake? Is
this like evening or do we think there are, people will sleep and then this
will take place or?

Brennan: You guys can do whatever you wanna do, but you see shit is popping
off.

Zac: It seems like it's happening now.

Siobhan: I think we gotta go for it.

Lou: Let's roll.

Brennan: Are you looking at your spell slots and stuff right now?

Siobhan: We have a full, delicious eight hours of sleep.

Ally: Yeah, oh you know what, I'm gonna cast Vigilant Blessing on myself and
then bonus action Step of the Brave so that I can fly. Is it dim, you would
say?

Brennan: Yes, the storm has gotten rid of all natural sunlight. As you cast
Steps of the Brave, Kristen, a beautiful, illuminated, a stick appears in your
hand. A silvery starlight stick and as it does so you see the longest silvery
starlight ribbon. And you ribbon dance into the air, baby.

[divine instrumental music]

(group laughing)

Murph: Riz weeps.

Ally: I wrap it around Riz.

Murph hugs himself, smiling.

Riz: Kristen, something bad always happens when you and I are together.

Kristen: Oh no, oh no, you're right, oh no.

Riz: Anytime we go off on our own.

Zac: What else has happened?

Kristen: What have we done?

Zac: I actually can't remember.

Murph: Garthy and Sandra Lynn, we tried to stop them. Didn't work, Nightmare
Forest, Kristen almost dying slash Tracker—

Ally: Oh yeah, you're right.

Siobhan: Oh, yes.

Zac: Okay, sure.

Murph: We're 0 for three team Rizten.

Ally: We are, we simply are.

Lou: Rizten.

Ally: Rizten.

Brennan: Incredible.

Ally: Can I do something that might attract Tracker to this? Like, I mean, I'm
still bleeding, can I kind of like...

Murph: Can you howl?

Ally: Can I howl, yeah.

Brennan: Go for it baby, howl.

Ally: Okay, I howl my freaking heart out. (howls)

Emily: Can I hear Kristen howling and then Thaumaturgy so that it echoes
throughout the forest?

(laughs)

Brennan: An enormous howl echoes off into forever.

Ally: Okay and then I say,

Kristen: Riz, ready the... the like.

Riz: Dart.

Kristen: Dart, yeah.

Brennan: Incredible. I am going to need, so all of you gather again on the
edge of the island. As you do so you begin to feel the storm break, the rain
is pouring down. (mimics rain splashing) You guys are all near that rope
bridge going across to the next island.

Siobhan: Well, Baxter can fly three of you guys across. If Kristen can carry
Riz and fly, I can cast Fly on The Hangman and The Hangman can fly the rest of
us across.

Emily: Great.

Lou: Incredible.

Siobhan: 'Cause this rope bridge, I would, let's just not deal with it.

Murph: Do you need to save a spell slot or anything because I--

Emily: Yeah, what if—

Siobhan: This is my last third level spell, I have no fourth or fifth level
spells.

Emily: So what if--

Murph: I can glide with my thing so I can't really fall.

Emily: Could I use Disguise Self to give myself wings since this is
illusionville?

Siobhan: Oh yes, Ayda can fly somebody.

Brennan: Yes, you could use Disguise Self to give yourself wings.

Emily: Great, I give myself dope hellish wings of fire and I say—

Siobhan: I Counterspell— just kidding.

Emily: That would really be sad. And anyone who wants to hop aboard can.

Zac: I'll just ride Baxter.

Emily: Yeah, you can ride Baxter. I'm just giving us another, so that Adaine
doesn't have to use a third-level spell 'cause Disguise Self is only a first-
level spell.

Zac: Oh yeah.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: I'll go with Kristen or Fig.

Ally: Ayda can just fly right?

Brennan: Yeah, Kristen can fly, it's a bonus action.

Lou: I'll ride with Gorgug.

Brennan: Ride with Gorgug. Gilear and Aelwyn are with you guys as well.

Siobhan: Gilear and Aelwyn and The Hangman. I mean, I think I just have to
cast fly on The Hangman because The Hangman is probably too heavy for this
bridge.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: Let's fly over the bridge just in case there's like, something that
Dispels Magic or anything like that.

Brennan: Gilear also says,

Gilear: If you need to, perhaps Baxter could make two trips. I'm not sure if
that's.

Murph: Oh, that's true.

Siobhan: Oh yeah.

Zac: Yeah, if we get over and it's not going down.

Adaine: Kristen, can you heal Aelwyn just a little bit or Fig?

Kristen: Definitely, of course.

Ally: I cast like a Cure Wounds.

Brennan: Cool, how much do you cure her for?

Ally: I cast, let's see, we'll do a second level so it's four, six, 10.

Emily: I whisper to Kristen,

Fig: I think maybe Ayda might also need some curing.

Ally: Oh, plus—

Brennan: Actually, Fig, Ayda doesn't need curing, she's just exhausted so—

Zac: Does the Greater—

Emily: But wouldn't a Lesser Restoration or Greater Restoration absolve that?

Brennan: It would get rid of one level and she has multiple.

Emily: Okay.

Murph: She just needs a break.

Ally: She actually got 19 with my spellcasting ability modifier.

Brennan: Oh, incredible, great, great, great, 19. Awesome guys, cool. All of
you fly across this, through the storm. As you do I'm gonna roll a little luck
check here. Flying across (mimics rain splashing) battered by rain and wind
all of you flying to this island as the storm clouds gather and begin to swirl
in a maelstrom overhead. You see lightning (mimics thunder crashing) strikes
the rope bridge and it collapses and falls into the mist. All of you land on
the far side.

Ally: Can I do a Perception check to see if we just left where we might be
able to find Tracker or if she might be on this side, too.

Brennan: I think in this crazy storm there's no way. You will just not be, you
don't know where Tracker is right now. She's out of pocket.

Zac: How big is this tree?

Brennan: How big is this tree? Pretty enormous, as you guys are flying. Hold
one one second, you get to the other island. Who all is on Baxter?

Zac: Me and Fabian.

Brennan: Copy that, hold on one second.

Lou: No, we should, let's just land, we land. Just say we land.

Zac: We landed on the ground.

Siobhan: Yeah, it seems like we landed.

Lou: We landed, stop looking things up, say we landed.

Zac: Our feet and Baxter's feet are on the ground.

Brennan sticks his tongue out at the camera, raising his eyebrows.

Siobhan: What is that tongue and why is that tongue out?

Lou: Put your tongue in your mouth and say we landed. Use your tongue to
enunciate the words.

Zac: Roll that tongue back up in your mouth.

Lou: Cartoon-style roll the tongue, that you landed. ...Do it! Say we landed!

Lou and Zac mime using their hands to roll their tongues up like a sleeping
bag.

Siobhan: God, this is so stressful.

Brennan: As you guys are coming in to land on the opposite side from the far
ridge, two arrows streak through the sky, hit Baxter. I'm gonna need Dexterity
saving throws from Fabian and Gorgug.

Emily: What kind of arrows?

Lou: Jesus.

Brennan: You know what kind.

Lou: Yes.

Zac: 17.

Siobhan: From the side that we just came from or the side that we're going
towards?

Brennan: The side you're going to, you were out of range and you just came
into range.

Lou: 16.

Brennan: 16, okay. Both of you guys beat a 15. You guys both stumble, skid, do
not take falling damage as you leap from Baxter. Baxter lands on the ground
but is once again at 0 making death saving throws.

Zac: I'm gonna Spare the Dying on Baxter.

Brennan: You cast Spare the Dying on Baxter. Baxter's breathing. For everybody
else, do you go to accompany Gorgug and Fabian?

Emily: Yeah, I'm gonna go do a bonus action, Healing Word to Baxter just to
get him up in case we still need to be moving around with him.

Brennan: Copy that.

Siobhan: Can I do a Perception check about where those arrows came from?

Lou: Can I also do it?

Brennan: No Perception check needed. They came from the far ridge. They came
from--

Lou: Like from where we...

Murph: Where we're going?

Brennan: From where the tree is. The giant, towering ledge on the edge of the
new island.

Emily: 13 hit points for Baxter.

Brennan: Okay. Baxter is up again.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Now, all of you are here. The arrows stop as you are now once again
within forest 'cause you have total cover.

Emily: All right then. I'm just gonna do Thaumaturgy on myself and say,

Fig: Mom, come out, shop shooting us from the trees! Come out and talk.

Brennan: You say that. There's probably about, you know, a quarter to 1/6 of a
mile of forest in between, like not that much, you guys, a couple, like a few
minutes of running you guys could get to the base of the staircase that goes
up.

Murph: Should we run for it?

Siobhan: Yeah, let's do it.

Zac: Let's do it.

Ally: As we're doing it, can I see them enough to cast Faerie Fire and try to
get anybody up there who's invisible, but try to like outline them so that we
have an advantage.

Brennan: You're way out of range on Faerie Fire right now.

Ally: Oh, okay, okay.

Brennan: You're hundreds of feet away. What I'm gonna bring up right now is,
Aelwyn who is once again with you speaks up and she goes,

Aelwyn: Wait a minute, wait a minute. Before anyone rushes off there, the only
way to defeat the Nightmare King is either to, look, I agree, let's run and
try to stop them. If we are unsuccessful and the Nightmare King returns we
need a plan to break those curses. We need a plan to undo the trans-
substantiations, all five of them, they are what anchors the Nightmare King
here. Even if you defeat him, you cannot truly defeat him unless those trans-
substantiations are gone, are destroyed.

Kristen: Don't we only know of four of the trans-substantiations?

Fig: We only know four of them.

Riz: Who still has money?

Fig: Do you know the fifth one, Aelwyn?

Kristen: I do, I still have a bunch of gems. Do I need to get rid of them?

Riz: Everybody get rid of their money, right.

Fig: Get rid of your money.

Adaine: Gorgug, can I borrow your phone?

Ally: Okay, yeah, I start to get rid of all of my money. I throw it down where
that bridge went.

Emily: This breaks the curse for us, but it doesn't break the curse for the
world, right?

Brennan: For Kalvaxus's hoard?

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: No, it is actually possible 'cause you guys--

Murph: You have to know about it, right?

Brennan: You have to know about it. So it's about knowing where the wealth
came from. So you guys could possibly get rid of it right now.

Emily: Okay.

Siobhan: Okay.

Emily: Let's break it.

Ally: Yeah, I do that.

Fabian: Gorgug, give me your crystal.

Gorgug: Adaine borrowed it.

Adaine: Yeah sorry. I'm calling the bank and then I'll give it to you to call
the bank so I—

Riz: [shouting] Call the bank!

Adaine: [shouting] I'm calling the bank!

Murph: It's raining, lightning.

Adaine: Oh my God, there's just so much hold music, it's so soothing.

Riz: [shouting] Just keep pressing zero!

Gorgug: So Aelwyn, we left the sanctum and it seemed like we were leaving—

Fig: It seems like it was gonna break the curse.

Brennan: Go ahead actually and the people that were in there, so Fig and
Gorgug, give me Perception checks again.

Emily: I'm not good.

Zac: 24, 24.

Emily: Cool, go with that.

Brennan: 24, Gorgug, you look up on the ledge, there was only a tree there a
little bit ago, you see a faint translucent outline of a cottage up there
beginning to appear slowly.

Emily: Oh, it's moved.

Zac: From, from, wait sorry.

Siobhan: So the sanctum has turned back into a cottage?

Brennan: Right, Zaphriel's doing it. He's taking the curse.

Emily: Oh, so it is, it's breaking!

Zac: Yeah, okay.

Emily: Yes, cottage broken.

Brennan: So Fabian, Adaine, you guys pull the trigger. You do your online
banking.

Lou: I'm donating all of my money. I'm giving all of my money to the Elmville
Country Club as a generous donation.

Riz: Laptops for seniors.

Fig: No, laptops for seniors.

Riz: Laptops for seniors.

Lou: No, I've got to give it--

Gorgug: Seniors don't have any laptops.

Fig: Especially in this day and age seniors need access to good technology.

Fabian: No, I'm giving it to the Elmville Country Club. I'm going to get
something.

Brennan: As you're giving away all this stuff, you do your online stuff,
Kristen you toss your gems.

Ally: Yeah, I donated it all to laptops for teens.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: I'm gonna do that, too.

Brennan: You throw away all your gems.

Ally: Yeah, I know, no more Revivify.

Emily: I can try to keep doing Prestidigitation to try to make diamonds that
way.

Brennan: Yes. Now what I will also say is this. As you do your online banking
you guys also begin to throw away the gold coins you had here. You start
throwing them all away. I'm gonna say, Fabian and Adaine, just give me a flat
d20 roll, just give me a luck check.

Siobhan: 5.

Lou: 9.

Ally: What about me?

Brennan: Oh, do you have gold pieces on you, Kristen?

Ally: I don't know, I think if I was carrying all those diamonds I maybe
would, too.

Brennan: Yeah, so go ahead and give me a d20 roll luck check.

Emily: Oh, y'all are gonna turn into dragons.

Ally: 8.

Brennan: 8\. You're all tossing it away. No, you guys are all committed,
you're doing it. You toss away all of this dragon wealth. It feels very crazy
but also empowering to do something so against what you wanted to do. Fabian,
I think you have the hardest time with it.

Lou: I cry a little bit. I throw 1,000 gold pieces just off a fucking cliff?
Okay.

Fig: Fabian, I'm working on an EP I'll tell you what, you can have all the
money that comes from it 'cause guess what. Songs just flow out of me, I'll
make another one.

Adaine: Give it to the country club. I don't need your charity.

Kristen: You can have all 30 pieces from merch sales. (laughs)

Brennan: Fabian, you take the money that was in The Ball's briefcase for
safekeeping and toss it and then you reach into your own pockets, start
throwing those coins away. As you throw the last handful your hand goes down
for the very last gold piece in your pocket. You pull it out and a glowing
gold coin with the rune Adaine found on the mural and in the books, the last
coin in the hoard is the coin of the hoard and it appears in front of you.

Gorgug: Fabian.

Fabian: What?

Gorgug: Do you see what you have?

Fig: Eat it.

Riz: Throw it away.

Ally: Do we have to destroy it?

Brennan: It looks like there is magic on this. You have one of the trans-
substantiations in your hand. It's just a magical effect. It was put there by
a very powerful being, but you see there is, it's just a spell. You could
potentially—

Emily: Can I just Counterspell it?

Siobhan: What if I just cast, yeah.

Brennan: Counterspell has to be done while you are—

Zac: Can I—

Siobhan: I'm out of third level spells.

Zac: Can I just hit it with my ax, can I just hit it with my—

Ally: I have Remove Curse.

Brennan: You have Remove Curse?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: You go up, hit it with Remove Curse. You see the coin vanishes.
(mimics explosion)

Fabian: No!

Brennan: The last gold coin is gone. You see all of the trees bend and buckle
in a hurricane-force wind. One of the great curses in this forest goes and as,
it's that mycelium web, right. All the other curses weaken as a result of that
curse being gone.

Siobhan: Amazing.

Emily: Okay, so the sanctum is being worked on, the gold is done, now we just
have freaking Kalina who we've already weakened.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check for Kalina?

Brennan: Yes, go for it.

Zac promptly drops his dice.

Murph: Does anyone still have the Kalina curse?

Lou: So we have to—

Siobhan: I mean, all the NPCs so Ragh, Sandra Lynn—

Emily: Gilear doesn't.

Ally: I might. Right?

Zac: I dropped a dice on the ground and the other dice was a nat 1.

Siobhan: No you got …

Brennan: Oh no.

Murph: Kristen, you were healed, I think.

Fig: Aelwyn, can I ask you, what do you know about Sandra Lynn? Is she just
being affected by the forest or did you work with her at any point?

Brennan: She looks up and says,

Aelwyn: If your allies are trapped by the forest then that's, it's very likely
that it is the Nightmare King has taken them over, that they are possessed.

Fig: I see, okay.

Brennan: You see the tree up on the hill. You see the cottage appearing there
as Zaphriel finishes his work on the other island. And then you don't know
where Kalina is, but you do know that that tree and that cottage are gonna be
up there.

Ally: Okay, and then what is the fifth? I think we only know of four.

Zac: No, the name.

Emily: We don't know the fifth one, we just know the name. Do we think it
could be a person?

Ally: Can I try to contact my new god?

Brennan: Yeah, give me a Religion check.

Emily: The name has been turned into something. I just think it might be a
person.

Ally: 23.

Brennan: 23\. You remember something, there was something that the Goddess
when you spoke to her or a memory of her or however it works said to you, it's
a relationship of names, like what names mean. And you just hear a whisper in
your head or maybe you read it in your world religions book of like, a name
isn't who you are, but it is who you are. And it's an act that you create to
tie yourself to a symbol and it anchors you to your life and the world around
you. On that 23 that's all you can think of.

Emily: Could it be the crown?

Zac: Could it be the crown? I don't know.

Emily: If that anchors it to this plane, it anchors it to this life.

Siobhan: Yeah, it could be.

Zac: Well...

Ally: Or is it just like the concept of mystery? Would she respond?

Zac: Well, we know that breaking a curse weakens all the other ones, and we
have one big curse right in front of us.

Emily: And it seems like destroying a nightmare crown is never a bad thing so
we can just assume it.

Lou: Agreed.

Zac: Why don't we try to get rid of this tree?

Murph: Yeah, let's go for the tree, right.

Adaine: How's that axe feeling?

Brennan: You guys--

Gorgug: Pretty light.

(group laughing)

Siobhan: Can I lift his axe yet? No, 17 strength, right?

Zac: 17?

Brennan: Yeah, you need 17.

Siobhan: All right.

Brennan: The only people in the party that can lift it I think are Gorgug and
Ayda.

Zac: Ooh!

Emily: [smugly] What up.

Siobhan: Wow, Ayda's so buff.

Ally: Oh yeah, definitely.

Lou: [laughing] “What up.”

Brennan: You guys head off. As you do so, so you know the tree's up there. You
know the cottage is up there. You've just destroyed the coin. By the way, you
see Gorgug, there's a message from your parents the Thistlesprings that the 35
gold pieces you paid them for the van, they donated as soon as they got 'em.

Gorgug: Thank you Mom and Dad. Appreciate it, love you, awesome. We're in the
Nightmare King Forest and it's pretty bad, but I think we'll be okay.

Emily: Okay wait, what if I, oh wait, I've never seen Kalina. I don't know
what Kalina looks like. No, we do have footage of her. What if I disguised
myself as Kalina and you can just livestream me and we can continue to weaken
her that way. I'll alter myself to be Kalina.

Brennan is staring in shocked silence, with a surprised grin on his face.

Ally: Whoa.

Siobhan: Whoa.

Emily: I do that.

Murph: That's incredibly rad.

Brennan: Uh, Kalina's—

Emily: Someone put your live cam on me and I'll just keep walking around being
Kalina.

Brennan: Fucking… Emily Axford is holding me to my goddamn world building
right now. Kalina appears in front of you. Gorgug, you've got your crystal.
You got the camera on it. Riz and Gorgug, give me an Insight check with that.

Lou: Wait, does Kalina appear in front of us in that Kalina appears in front
of us or?

Brennan: No, Fig is just, yeah.

Emily: I go,

Fig: Psst hey it's me, Fig.

Murph: I got a 26.

Zac: I got a 5.

Brennan: Riz, you know that Kalina has a ton of illusion magic, can disguise,
et cetera. You know that the camera on your tie has a Detect Magic ability on
it. If you were to use your tie with Gorgug's phone it's possible that you
would always be able to keep some track of what Kalina was doing on a
battlefield and be recording Fig at the same time as a disguised Kalina.

Murph: Great.

Zac: I give Riz my phone, my crystal and go like,

Gorgug: Maybe just, do you have a dongle?

Brennan: [laughing] Actually Gorgug, give me a Tinkerer's tools check.

Zac: Oh God, 24.

Brennan: You reach into your backpack, take some old wires out of your
backpack and you just turn your phone into a hotspot. I know we've been doing
all this remote recording and it's leaking into my world design for the game
now. But you hotwire your phone to Riz's tie. You guys are as of this moment
live streaming through Riz's tie with Detect Magic filters through Gorgug's
phone.

Fig: Hey y'all, my name's Kalina. I just wanted to enter the YouTube sphere.
This is what I look like, here's me from the front, here's me from the side,
here's me from the back. Get it in.

[music change from discordant Nightmare forest to something more hopeful,
heroic and adventurous]

Brennan: Incredible, you guys rush off into the forest. As you head off
Gilear, Aelwyn, The Hangman, Ayda are all here. Are there any people that you
are leaving behind or are you taking anyone with you? Baxter's looking pretty
hurt, Baxter might remain.

Zac: Maybe Baxter can be with Gilear.

Murph: Yeah, they could fly off if things get bad.

Brennan: Gilear salutes and says,

Gilear: I'll be high in the sky in case anything goes wrong,

Brennan: Is with Baxter. Aelwyn, The Hangman, Baby, and Ayda come with you.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Aelwyn looks over at Fig and Ayda by each other, raises an eyebrow,
she has four levels of exhaustion as well but she looks over and says,

Aelwyn: Oh dear, do I have to what, count myself as one of the, (snaps
fingers) oh that's right, The Bad Kids now?

Fabian: No, definitely not.

Kristen: You're not part of us.

Fabian: You're here because—

Fig: Yeah, you might not have to prove yourself to Adaine, but the rest of us
are a little wary.

Fabian: Yes.

Brennan: You see Aelwyn shrugs. Ayda looks over and says,

Ayda: Well, whatever the case I in my heart feel deep down that I, too, am a
low quality child.

Cast laugh.

Fig: You're a Bad Kid.

Riz: Ayda, you're definitely a Bad Kid.

Fig: You've been a Bad Kid for a while.

Kristen: You're definitely a Bad Kid.

Adaine: Ayda’s a Bad Kid.

Fabian: You tried to drown hell. That's pretty bad.

Gorgug: Even bad has a couple of definitions I should say.

Fig: Yeah, bad with two d’s.

Brennan: All of you guys streak through the forest together. The rain comes
down in torrents through the leaves. You guys rush forward, you arrive through
the woods to the base of the staircase. As you do so you look all the way up
like about 200 feet up to the top of the staircase. You see at the top of the
stairs Kalina looking down at you.

Emily: Looking down at Kalina.

Brennan: Looking down at Kalina. Kalina smiles.

Fig: Hi, bitch.

Kalina: Well, well, well, looks like you all came out to play. It's very
exciting. To all of you, I am so glad that you will be the first to join the
retinue of the King of Nightmares. Court of Elders, it's time to do your work.

Gorgug: Court of Elders?

Brennan: You all see surging down the staircase, you see appearing behind
Kalina, first one then the other, that wood elf that Adaine saw, the pustulent
one with vines in his mouth. You see the visions that Kristen saw earlier.
There is like a statue made of rotting wood and stone in the shape of a
centaur with its jaw hanging loose, flat where the eyes should be. You see
this husky, shedding paper, coming apart little sprite and you see a massive
tree bound with bands of iron and they begin to thud down the staircase after
all of you. As they power down the staircase you look up and see at the top of
the stairs three more figures join Kalina as Kalina turns her back on you and
walks towards the ledge. You look up and see as Kalina turns her back three
figures appear at the top of the staircase.

Emily: Ugh.

Brennan: You see an elven woman with a longbow, a hulking half-orc with a
glaive, and a giant howling wolf. I'm gonna need everybody here to roll
initiative.

Players groan

Ally: All right.

Emily: I lost my dice. (yelps, clacking noise) I lost my dice.

Siobhan: I got a 7, Brennan.

Brennan: Hold on one sec, hold on to these until I ask for, I'm gonna just
make sure I got everything here. Badda boom, badda bam. Baxter and Gilear, you
guys left. Hangman's coming with. Zaphriel you guys left.

Lou: How is Hangman? Does Hangman have new stats?

Brennan: Yes, Hangman has more hit points. Hangman has 45 hit points now.

Murph: Yeah.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: But he's got levels of exhaustion so he's at 22 right now.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Do any of us have exhaustion right now?

Brennan: No, you guys did your awesome improvised ritual so you're all okay.
You guys made it through the forest doing weird time magic 'cause you were all
tripping balls. Okay. Here we go. Go ahead everybody, Siobhan, give me your
initiative.

Siobhan: 7.

Brennan: Gorgug, give me yours.

Zac: 13.

Brennan: 13, Fabian give me yours.

Lou: 23.

Brennan: Ooh baby!

Lou: Let's go.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Fig, give me yours.

Emily: 20.

Brennan: 20, Riz, give me yours.

Murph: 21.

Brennan: Woo, we got some high initiatives.

Zac makes excited metal hands.

Siobhan: Wow, okay.

Brennan: And Kristen, remember, you roll with advantage.

Ally: I did, I did, yeah. I got a 15.

Brennan: 15, hell yeah.

Ally: Even with my advantage.

Brennan: Dope, dope, dope.

Murph: We're just anime running so fast.

Players lean forward with their arms behind them.

Ally: Yeah.

Siobhan: It's not as cool from the front.

Zac: Look how weird my arms look.

Brennan: Okay, we are gonna jump right into this. Sandra Lynn is gonna be
first to act.

Zac: Oh no. Wait, what were the three figures at the top?

Siobhan: It was Sandra Lynn.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn.

Lou: Sandra Lynn, Ragh, and—

Siobhan and Emily: Ragh and Tracker.

Ally: [putting their hand over their heart] Tracker...

Siobhan: You said you had three tranquilizer darts with tincture in?

Murph: I have one.

Siobhan: You have one.

Ally: We have one and three vials.

Emily: If he has any more tincture.

Siobhan: Three vials.

Ally: Yeah, we have tree tinctures.

Zac: I have a tincture on me.

Ally: I have a tincture on me.

Murph: So we have enough for our friends.

Emily: Okay, but since I'm higher in initiative order I might try to grab one
of those tinctures.

Ally: I mean, we have to get them to drink it willingly, right?

Siobhan: Right, yes.

Emily: Oh, really?

Siobhan: Yeah, unless it's right where the...

Brennan: Fig, what is your hit point total right now?

Emily: I think it's actually only 39. I haven't been hurt, I mean, I haven't
been healed since I got hurt.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Emily: I think I got hurt. I have the S39 on my thing.

Brennan: You take 16 points of damage as Sandra Lynn puts two arrows into you
from the top of the stairs.

Lou: Jesus.

Brennan: She walks down the stairs, her face set, puts two arrows into you.

Fig: All right, cards on the table, Mom!

Brennan: She calls down and says,

Sandra Lynn: Fig, I want you to know something.

Fig: Yeah?

Sandra Lynn: I'm awake for all of this.

Brennan: And that is going to be, that's Sandra Lynn.

Emily: What does that mean?

Zac: Don't trust it.

Ally: Like she's not under a spell or something.

Fig: All right why then, Mom? You know what, I'll take it as a compliment. My
mom is showing me attention even if it's negative attention. This is better
than when you just hijacked my spring break!

Riz: Hold her back, hold her back!

Ally: Hold her back!

Riz: Hold her back.

Brennan: Hold her back. Fabian, that is you. The nearest adversaries to you
are the Court of Elders. The elder wood elf and the elder, like this centaur
are both taking the lead, flying just behind them is the elder sprite and the
elder treant is like thundering down the steps after them. To give you an idea
of how far away these people are, the wood elf is 50 feet ahead of you.

Lou: Okay, so it would be like, none of them are, like I couldn't get to them
on a turn. I would have to dash to make it to them.

Brennan: Yes, they're like sprinting down towards you right now.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: But you also have The Hangman here with you.

Lou: Great. I look back at my friends.

Fabian: We are going to kill all of these people.

Adaine: Yep.

Fabian: Or are we just trying to get past them?

Riz: We're not gonna kill our friends, but we'll kill—

Fabian: No not them! The people between us.

Riz: Yeah, there's a tree guy? Fuck the tree guy!

Fabian: Fuck the tree guy! Hangman, to me.

Fig: Fuck the tree guy.

Gorgug: Fuck the tree guy.

Emily: Let's let our friends attack us while we fuck the tree guy.

Siobhan: Yes, great.

Zac: That guy’s the furthest way though, right?

Lou: I'm not going for the tree guy, but I do like the battle cry, fuck the
tree guy.

Zac: Just fuck the tree guy.

Murph: Yes, that is just the general, yeah, rallying cry.

Lou: I have The Hangman right up next to me and grab onto him and weird like
Legolas Two Towers style swing underneath his head and up on top of him.

Zac: Just the worst CGI in the whole game. Or, movie.

Lou: Exactly.

Brennan: So because you are charging up a staircase this is difficult terrain,
but The Hangman has a speed of 50 so with a move and a dash The Hangman can
make it to the wood elf and you'll have your full turn.

Lou: Great, yeah, I'll go for the wood elf. Is the wood elf, by any chance, is
anybody near a, like, edge of the stairs? Or do these stairs, are they like
walls on either side or is there one side?

Brennan: There are no railings. There's like a little bit of stone molding at
the edge of them. It's one of those monastery-style, tall, incredible, ancient
stone staircases.

Lou: I guess what I'm asking, if I kick somebody off the staircase would they
fall into infinity or would they just fall like 20 feet?

Brennan: No, they will fall at this point probably about like 50 feet.

Lou: Okay, cool.

Siobhan: That'll do.

Lou: How close is the wood elf to the edge?

Brennan: The wood elf is two squares. He's in the third square away from the
railing so he's got 10 feet of open ground between him. The staircase is about
40 feet wide, by the way.

Lou: Great, I ride to the wood elf. Yeah I ride up and I jump off of The
Hangman and engage him.

Brennan: This pustulant, diseased, ancient wood elf stands in front of you. Do
what you're gonna do, baby.

Lou: Great, we'll take our first attack. That is— cocked. That's a 13.

Brennan: 13 misses.

Lou: 13 misses, swing again. That is a mod 20.

Brennan: 20 hits.

Lou: Great, I'm going to, I will burn a first level spell slot on Fandrangor
and then I'll also make this a trip attack DC 17.

Brennan: Hell yeah, DC 17, and that's a Strength saving throw, correct?

Lou: I believe so. Yes, Strength saving throw, that's 1d8 plus 1d6, yes.

Brennan: He succeeds on the strength saving throw, does not go down.

Lou: Great. 1d8 plus 1d6 plus one more d8 for a total of 8 plus 7, 13, plus 4,
17, plus 9. Why can't I do, what is that?

Zac: 26\. 17 plus 9?

Brennan: 17 plus 9 is 26.

Lou: 26 points of damage.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You only hit with one of your two attacks this turn, and
Fandrangor alights, you leap off of The Hangman as he (grunting) goes up,
sheet wraps around, you spin. (grunts) Fandrangor takes, this is a hefty
amount of damage and while the wood elf is not on death's door this is a
sizable hit into one of the combatants.

Fabian: Spring break, you stupid motherfucker!

Brennan: [laughs] Hell yes, awesome. Anything else, any bonus action that turn
or is that everything?

Lou: That, I think for me, that'll be everything.

Brennan: Cool.

Emily: So can we recap, who did you hit? You hit the wood elf—

Lou: The wood elf.

Emily: And Fandrangor or those are the same people?

Brennan: No, Fandrangor is—

Lou: Fandrangor is my blade.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Oh, okay, I see, I see.

Brennan: Riz Gukgak, baby that's you.

Murph: Sweet, Riz is gonna take off running anime style up the stairs.

Lou: Fuck yes.

Murph: Then dive down and take a hide action like in the steps to get
advantage and then I'm gonna poke back up and I'm gonna shoot at Tracker with
the antidote.

Brennan: Okay, you may be out of range. Give me the range on your gun again.

Murph: I don't have...

Brennan: Also, are you gonna do a cunning action because again, it's difficult
terrain so your speed is I think 25, right?

Murph: Okay, I assume, does anybody have shortbow stats? I think it's
shortbow—

Zac: I can look it up.

Brennan: I've got your stuff right here, man. I'll take a look at that for you
right now.

Murph: Thank you.

Brennan: But how many movements are you taking up the staircase?

Murph: I guess I'll go 15 feet. I only have 30 feet of speed.

Brennan: You only have, how many feet of speed do you have?

Murph: 30.

Brennan: 30, so good news bad news. You only move 15 feet up the stairs, but
the long range on your gun is 320 feet so you can absolutely shoot Tracker
from here.

Murph: Great, awesome. So I'll use my hide action first. So do you want me to
roll a Stealth check?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and roll the Stealth check.

Murph: Okay, 28.

Brennan: You bypass passive perception.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: You roll with advantage so your disadvantage is canceled out 'cause
you're in long range for the gun.

Murph groans.

Ally: Oh, we can just wait until you're closer, we only have one dart.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Hold your action for mine, Murph.

Murph: Okay, I'll hold for Fig.

Brennan: Okay, so you're readying an action for Fig to do something.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay, cool.

Murph: I'll climb the stairs and then look to Fig.

Brennan: Okay Fig, actually you go next.

Emily: Okay, I'm gonna run, grab Riz and Dimension Door to Tracker.

Zac: Oh, shit.

Siobhan: Incredible.

Brennan: (laughs) What's the range on Dimension Door again?

Ally: Incredible.

Emily: 500 feet. I think, hold on, let me double check that.

Zac: It's 500 feet, it's for sure 500.

Siobhan: It is.

Emily: It's 500 feet.

Lou: 100% 500 feet.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Zac: I'll bet my life that it is 500.

Emily: [holding a spell card up to the camera] It says 500 feet.

Brennan: Okay.

Siobhan: We can definitely read that.

Lou: Yeah, can you do that again? Sorry we didn't--

Emily: Yeah, absolutely. [does it again]

Zac: That sideways, blurry card.

Lou: Okay great, I'm caught up, thank you.

Emily: I really wanna hold up the wrong thing again.

Ally: Ice Feast?

Emily: Ice Feast.

Lou: Yeah, that was Ice Feast. I think you held up Ice Feast. I don't think
you held up...

Brennan: Okay, so you're gonna use your movement to close with Riz.

Emily: Mm-hmm, and then I'll still have my skateboard so I can skateboard once
I'm up there. So I think, like let me know what I'm landing in and I'll let
you know if I want to move away.

Brennan: Are you gonna go to the top landing of the ledge or just on the steps
beneath Tracker and Ragh?

Emily: I think I'd like to go to the steps below and then I'll take my
skateboard to use my dash to try to get to Kalina, I guess if she's walking
away.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Is that a problem?

Zac: I think we're separated now.

Murph: Yeah, careful running off by yourself.

Siobhan: Yeah, we're spread out.

Emily: Okay, then I won't do that, I'll just stick around.

Brennan: Okay, Sandra Lynn is 30 feet down the steps from Tracker and Ragh who
are still up at the top of the steps, do you wanna be, like how many feet away
from Tracker down the steps?

Emily: Okay. I see what you're saying, I wanna get in range for Riz. So I'll
just Dimension Door us smack dab in the middle between them.

Brennan: Perfect, great, copy that. You are 15 feet away from Sandra Lynn,
Ragh, and Tracker in between Tracker and Ragh and Sandra Lynn on the other
side of you. Riz, you have a readied action.

Murph: Let's even these odds or put them in our favor, rather.

Riz: Tracker, get over here.

Murph: Okay, that's a 17 to hit Tracker.

Emily: Oh wait, so can I Bardic Inspiration? Oh wait, the 17's gonna hit.

Brennan: Yes, and 17 absolutely does hit.

Siobhan, who has had her fingers crossed, puts her hands together in a praying
motion, and Lou claps.

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: 100%.

Lou sighs in relief

Brennan: Great, great, great, hold on one second. Badda boom badda bam, yes,
17 absolutely hits. You administer a hit, you hit that dart. It goes in, it
immediately works. And here's the great part, because you guys— [low voice]
Only wait a minute, what do I do here? Oh no, my plans, all my plans! Yeah,
you see the dart hits. Tracker is going to make a saving throw. You see
Tracker's rage ends. The full moon effect is gone. However both of you guys
make an Insight check, Riz and Fig.

Murph: Okay.

Emily: 21.

Murph: I got a nat 20.

Brennan: Nat 20.

Ally: Hey!

Brennan: You hit Tracker with that immunity. You can tell that it has further
weakened Kalina. But you know that the effect on Tracker, Ragh, and Sandra
Lynn right now is the possession. It's the same thing that made Fig kidnap and
try to kill you, so Tracker, Sandra Lynn, and Ragh are all under a possession
effect right now that has not abated, but Tracker is no longer affected by
Kalina's shit at all.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: So one of two effects on her has vanished.

Murph: So if we removed curse on her or something she might come back.

Brennan: Exactly, 100%.

Murph: All right I yell down to Kristen,

Riz: We're halfway there, she's still mad.

Kristen: What?

Riz: It 100% worked, but it like 50% worked.

Brennan: Incredible.

Kristen: Okay.

Lou laughs loudly.

There’s a loud crash noise, and Emily jumps.

Emily: Oh dear.

Brennan: Great and Fig, you have a bonus action still if you want it.

Emily: I have a bonus action, I think that yeah, I think I'm just gonna use my
bonus action to give Riz some Bardic Inspiration.

Murph: Thank you.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: 'Cause I think you're probably gonna be administering more stuff.

Murph: I think I'm gonna stay because I know Fig is hurt, too. I'm gonna stay
not hidden on the stairs there.

Brennan: Cool, copy that.

Lou: [smiling] The Ball.

Murph: We're back to back.

Lou smacks his fist into his hand.

Brennan: What is the range on that spell? Oh boy. [whispers] 60 feet.

Lou: Boo.

Siobhan: Boo.

Lou: Boo. Only 50% of the way there? I was like 100% like, oh, we're about to
just start, we're about to get this team back. Like, Tracker's gonna, like
we're gonna get Tracker back. She's gonna be like, yo, Greater Restoration,
Greater Restoration, we're all good.

Emily: Yeah, I know, I was thinking the same.

Lou: Like, I thought we were gonna sandwich it. I know that tree guy was gonna
get straight up fucked, but no, no, got more work to do.

Siobhan: I got plans for that tree guy, don't you worry. I got mad plans for
that tree guy.

Lou: Mad plans for that tree guy.

Ally: It's Craftmy Rootdrinker, right?

Siobhan: Yeah, maybe.

Emily: I definitely wanna do some fire damage on him 'cause I'm like, a tree?

Siobhan: Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying.

Emily: We had to get Riz up there to do. I thought that that would be.

Siobhan: You did the right thing.

Zac: Ally, when you say Craftmy Rootdrinker I forget what the lore of this
was.

Siobhan: He was the druid that formed the Nightmare Kingdom.

Ally: He's trying to reclaim the forest, I think. Trying to reclaim parts of
the forest.

Lou: I thought that was a bit. I was trying to remember what bit we did.

Ally: No, yeah.

Lou: Like the name, Craftmy Rootdrinker.

Zac: That just sounds like a IPA.

Lou: Yeah, exactly.

Ally: Yeah, yeah.

Lou: Or like an instruction.

Ally: But if it is him is he bad? Would they also be under a spell? Weren't
they all good?

Lou: No, I think he was like, chill, they like wanted to get the forest back
from the--

Siobhan: I think that these are zombies. I think that these guys are undead.

Murph: That centaur doesn't have a jaw.

Siobhan: Or eyes.

Murph: Like running at us.

Lou: We can save him.

Brennan: You guys see, sorry hold on one second. [mutters] 6d6.

Siobhan: 6d6, why did he just say 6d6?

Emily: Wait, is it, if you're casting a spell, are you casting a spell?

Lou: You're gonna—

Brennan: I am casting a spell, but you're gonna like—

Emily: Counterspell!

Brennan: You don't wanna do that. First of all, you're out of range. Aelwyn—

Siobhan: Oh, hell yes.

Emily: Oh, hahaha.

Brennan: Weakly stumbles up the steps a little bit. She looks up, looks at all
of you and says,

Aelwyn: I hate to think about the last time I cast this spell. Hopefully I can
redeem myself at least.

Adaine: Just cast a spell.

Brennan: (mimics explosion resounding) A raging Cone of Cold soars up the
steps and blasts the centaur statue and the little husk doll sprite, dealing a
bunch of damage to both of them. And that's Aelwyn's turn. Going from Aelwyn,
that is gonna be Ragh who is going to charge. As Ragh charges down he, and
you're not hiding, right Riz?

Murph: Right.

Riz: Ha, just like old times, Ragh kicking my ass.

Murph: I smile and nod at him.

Zac: This feels right. This feels right.

Brennan: Okay.

Murph: You absolutely hate to see it.

Siobhan: You hate to see it, folks.

Lou: This you hate to see.

Brennan: Ragh misses you twice.

Siobhan: Hell yeah.

Ragh: [sobbing] You guys fucking killed me, you think I'm a joke? You think
I'm just a fucking joke, dude?

Riz: We didn't kill you, man. You just shit your pants and it's fine.

Fig: You shit your pants and we kept your secret.

Riz: We love you, we're your friend, yeah.

Gorgug: Oh, I guess we did kill you.

Fabian: We did terrorize him and Fig became his worst nightmares.

Adaine: We did kill him a couple of times.

Riz: There was some mutual bullying, but I think we'll all come out of this
good.

Fig: We know you're not yourself right now and everything that you're saying
is just a manipulation of this world.

Riz: Spring break.

Adaine: Spring break, we believe in you—

Fig: We forgive you, spring break we forgive you.

Fabian: Spring break, I believe in you, Ragh!

Brennan: You guys see Tracker (growls) bounds down the steps. Some kind of
spectral teleportation happens. She actually allows herself to take falling
damage to get down the steps fast enough, like teleports out into the air to
fall farther. She appears in the knot in the bottom of the staircase in
between Aelwyn, Adaine, and Kristen. And she is going to full on attack
Kristen. She is going to—

Kristen: Hey babe, where have you been? (laughs)

Tracker growls.

Brennan: Nat 20 on the claw attack. And then here comes the bite, which is the
one you really have to worry about.

Lou: Oh my God.

Emily: Who's she going after?

Brennan: She's going after Kristen. She hits with her claw attack and she's
going to deal 8, she deals 14 damage to you Kristen. (growls fiercely) Just
going mad, she says,

Tracker: [growling] Why are you worshipping her? [screams)]

Brennan: And you can see that she is getting some kind of like, input or
vision from somewhere beyond. And she deals that damage to you. And poetically
enough, Kristen, you are next. How much are you at right now?

Ally: 66.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: Okay, I say,

Kristen: You know, clearly you're not yourself right now, Tracker.

Ally: I use my staff to Dispel Magic.

Brennan: Hell yes, so with this dispel magic. Oh that's right, you used the
Staff of Doubt, hell yes. So what I'm gonna need from you Kristen is a check
here because you're gonna use your primary ability here. Using the Staff of
Doubt you can also expend more charges to do a higher-level version of Dispel
Magic if you want.

Ally: Yeah, I'll do that.

Brennan: Cool, you're gonna use five charges so you'll get a plus two on this
roll.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: The DC is 15. You have a +7.

Ally: Okay. That's a 22, yeah.

Brennan: Ooh, baby! Tracker lashes out at you, cuts you. You see that
something is torturing her. You hold this staff. Tracker's not bad, she's just
confused. How does Kristen cast Dispel Magic in this moment?

Ally: So she scratched me so hopefully her arm is still kind of like cross her
body so I hug her.

Brennan: You hug her—

Ally: I hug her and try to hold her arms down.

Lou: Aww.

Brennan: The illusion of the full moon leaves. Tracker, the magic is broken
and Tracker melts into a sobbing puddle in your arms coming out of her wolf
form. Immediately you see four levels of exhaustion set in. She's like
weeping, crying in your arms just like adrenaline and rage was what was
keeping her going basically. But she is with you again, and you have saved
your girlfriend, congratulations.

Ally: Awesome.

Emily: I mean, some of us already did that today, but I guess it didn't come
up.

Murph: Two girlfriends saved.

Ally: I think I heard something, someone's talking shit.

Zac: I checked in with my girlfriend.

Ally: Somebody that is so small.

Siobhan: I killed my dad.

Brennan: Oh by the way, Fig, did you leave Baby in his bindings or is he
acting on your turn?

Emily: Oh, I forgot about Baby. I think, I mean, Baby just kind of like
clutches around my leg right?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Emily: So Baby's just at my leg. I think I'm gonna make him go invisible and
send him after Kalina.

Brennan: Okay he is happy to do that. He invisibly flies up onto the platform
ahead of you.

Zac: Yes, of course the Baby is latched to your leg.

Brennan: Incredible.

Zac: Of course.

Ally: I think he was probably like attached to my leg this whole time.

Zac: Of course, yeah.

Brennan: Incredible, incredible. You guys see, so Kristen, that is your turn.
Any movement that turn?

Ally: Yeah, heading up the stairs towards everybody I guess. What is Tracker
up to? Does she need to like sit and?

Brennan: Tracker will hustle with you as you move up the steps.

Zac: Are you still flying?

Ally: It only works for one turn, but I can cast it on myself again as a bonus
action so yeah, I'll do that, I'll cast another Steps of the Brave.

Brennan: Okay, you cast steps of the brave which Tracker can also cast so you
ignore difficult terrain 'cause you're flying.

Ally: Awesome.

Brennan: You begin to shoot up. One, two, three, four, five, six. Yeah, you go
30 feet up with a bonus action as the ribbon twirls around you. Tracker looks
up weeping, very badly traumatized clearly but just goes,

Tracker: Wow, that's hot, what's going on? I'm out of the loop.

Kristen: [ribbon dancing] It's a new thing I got. It's a new old thing.

Brennan: (cheers) Incredible.

Emily: (laughs) A new old thing. Ribbon dancing.

Brennan: Hell yeah. You see, hold on one second. Gonna go.

Zac: I can't wait to go.

Brennan: Love it.

Zac: It'll be great.

Brennan: I know, this is a long battle.

Ally: Welcome to my world, Zac, okay.

Zac: But you already went.

Siobhan: Fucking kill it.

Ally: Yeah, but I'm usually exactly where you are.

Emily: Oh right, 'cause your Dex is bad.

Siobhan: Oh yes.

Ally: My -3 to initiative rolls.

Brennan: Incredible, this thing is going to...

Ally: This thing?

Brennan: Yeah, hold on one sec.

Emily: Is this the tree?

Brennan: No, this is the sprite.

Lou: Ooh, the sprite.

Siobhan: Unimportant, the tree is the...

Zac: I can't really fuck up the sprite.

Emily: Why?

Zac: I feel like I won't be able to hit it, it's flying this little flying
thing.

Brennan: Okay. This thing is going to shoot down and yeah, this thing is gonna
fly down to Kristen. There is a humming coming from the papery sprite that as
it gets within range of you guys begins to hurt your ears and your mind just
like its presence here near you. It's going to attack Kristen, that's a miss.
It begins to crawl on your back and shoulders, Kristen, looking to bite into
your neck. This little papery, vampiric fairy. That is now going to be Ayda,
baby! Ayda has a speed of 80, but that is now halved to 40 because she has
exhaustion.

Emily: Aw.

Brennan: She is going--

Gorgug: Ayda, you can't carry me, can you?

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Ayda: Why wouldn't I be able to carry you, I'm very strong.

Gorgug: No, I just, it just seems like I thought you might have something else
you'd wanna—

Emily: She can carry your axe, she can carry you.

Zac: Yeah.

Brennan: Ayda is going to fly. One, two, three, four, five. Gorgug, she picks
you up and begins to fly up with you. She forgoes casting a spell and gets
you, yeah, she gets you like 40 feet up.

Zac: Hell yeah.

Brennan: And begins to carry you up the side of the staircase. (mimics wind
rushing) That is going to be, Gorgug, that's your turn, you're being carried
right now.

Zac: Hell yeah, okay, am I close to the Elders?

Brennan: Yes, you're equidistant. Ayda could drop you on the sprite, the
centaur, or the wood elf right now.

Zac: Gosh. I guess I'll just drop down on the sprite, I was wrong. And I'm
gonna take Reckless Attacks on the sprite as I fall down and Frenzy.

Brennan: Hell yeah, baby. Take your attacks.

Zac: Okay, first attack.

Ally: The sprite's on my neck, right? (laughs)

Brennan: Be careful.

Zac: Does a 29 hit? Second attack, 26. Third attack—

Lou: God damn.

Brennan: Yeah, that all hits.

Zac: Third attack, another 26.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: That'll do it.

Lou: It's a hot day. Sun’s out.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: So that would be 3d12. 10 and an 8 and an 11 plus 8, 16, 24.

Murph: 29 plus 24?

Zac: 10, 8, 11, 29 plus 24 you said? Yeah, yeah, that makes sense. So that's
53 points of damage.

Brennan: Jesus Christ.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: You wail into this thing. (mimics air rushing) And as you do so it
goes, like tons of husks and skin, like it's shedding its skin over and over
again litter the steps under the rain. This thing is on death's door after
three attacks, almost completely gone.

Gorgug: Get out of here, you paper lantern.

Group laughs.

[tense, evil-sounding orchestral track starts]

Brennan: Okay, however now this centaur is going to charge. You see this
centaur, I'm going to need a DC 15 Constitution saving throw from both Adaine
and Gorgug.

Siobhan: Ooh, DC 13?

Zac: 15 or 13?

Brennan: 15.

Siobhan: 15\. Okay, I have 15.

Zac: 23.

Brennan: Okay, what you see occurring to you now. Let's roll some damage,
baby.

Lou: I don't like it.

Siobhan: It's personal.

Lou: Hot dog.

Brennan: 9, 17, 23, 30. Adaine and Gorgug each take 18 points of necrotic
damage, Gorgug, that is not halved for you. Tracker and Aelwyn, Tracker and
Aelwyn both fully go down and are at zero. As this centaur (growls deeply)
just opens its rotting, wooden jaw and bellows out this blast of decaying,
moss-covered, rotten wood necrotic energy, Tracker—

Siobhan: This isn't a spell, this is an effect?

Brennan: This is an effect, yeah.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: That is its turn. That is going to be Adaine, that's you.

Siobhan: Okay, did you say that the centaur was also made of wood?

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: Great, then I would like to cast chromatic orb at a second level on
the centaur using fire damage.

Brennan: Absolutely. Also cool, you cast using fire damage. Go ahead and make
your attack roll.

Siobhan: That is a 21 to hit.

Brennan: 21 hits.

Siobhan: Great, oh God. 5 plus 8 is just 13 damage.

Brennan: 13 damage?

Siobhan: I rolled two ones.

Brennan: No worries, you deal 13 points of damage.

Siobhan: But that's fire damage again.

Brennan: Fire damage. (mimics fire roaring)

Siobhan: And then I'll take as much movement as I can up the stairs which is
only 15 feet, but I'll take it.

Brennan: Yeah you begin to surge up the steps. You rush up, Aelwyn and Tracker
are both now behind you unconscious on the ground. That is going to be, you
guys hear lightning striking up on top of the ledge and you see light as
something magical occurs up on the ledge above you.

Zac: Oh, God.

Emily: Guys, I think we gotta get up there even if it means splitting up.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: This thundering, massive treant, boom, boom, boom, heads down and is
gonna take some swings at Fabian.

Lou: Bring it on.

Brennan: Fabian, you take 9, 18, 6, 24, you take 36 points of damage as this
thing wails you twice. Boom boom, what's Fabian at right now?

Lou: 55.

Brennan: You take 55 points of damage. (mimics blows landing) And that is
going to be the wood elf's turn.

Lou: You said 36 points of damage, correct?

Brennan: I did, yes.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: That's a miss on Fabian.

Lou: Riposte.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it. The wood elf misses you twice.

Lou: I think I can only Riposte once. 21 to hit?

Brennan: 21 hits.

Lou: Great. 13 plus 9, 22 points of damage.

Brennan: Ooh, baby, 22?

Lou: Yes, 22.

Brennan: 22, you lash out. (mimics blows landing) Fandrangor scores across him
again. This guy's looking hurt right now. That is the wood elf. We are back to
the top of the order. It is Sandra Lynn's turn again. She is gonna turn around
and fire twice on Fig.

Fig: Bring it on. Bring it on, Mom. You'll only make me stronger, huh.

Riz: It's not her, Fig, it's not her.

Fig: Bring it on, I get it, this is personal!

Riz: No, it's not personal, it's the opposite of personal.

Brennan: Fig, she hits you once for nine points of damage.

Emily: I'm going to, I was saving my reaction in case I needed a counter
spell, but I'm going to Cutting Words. And subtract 7 from that attack.

Brennan: The attack misses.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: What's your current HP total?

Emily: My current HP is not good. It is...

Zac: 16 or something?

Emily: 23!

Zac: Oh, 23.

Brennan: 23, copy that. You snark at your mom, the arrow flies off and does
not strike true. Fabian, I'm gonna need a Constitution saving throw from you.

Lou: What, why?

Brennan: The beginning of your turn, that's why.

Lou: 15.

Brennan: You pass, the drone of that sprite does not knock you unconscious
like it wants to.

Zac: Did it move towards him?

Lou: Oh, hot.

Brennan: What's that?

Zac: Did it move to Fabian from me?

Brennan: It did not move towards him, it's just, it's an aura. Fabian, that's
your turn.

Lou: Great, can I have The Hangman attempt to grapple the wood elf?

Brennan: Yes, The Hangman also in this form has a fire breath ability.

Lou: What, when were you gonna tell me that?

Fabian: Hangman, spit lava at that big tree motherfucker!

Brennan: He goes,

Hangman: Sire, I can get the elf and the tree.

Fabian: Oh, yes!

Brennan: Awesome.

Siobhan: MVP, The Hangman.

Lou: I love...

Brennan: Okay, baby.

Lou: And I'll take my first of two attacks on the wood elf.

Brennan: Hell yes.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: That wood elf is struggling, baby. The Hangman (roars) just belches
fire at both of them. Go ahead and take your attacks.

Lou: First one hits for 27.

Brennan: That is great.

Lou: I'll burn another first level spell slot for Fandrangor. Great, d8 plus
d6, awesome. That'll be 15 on the first hit.

Brennan: 15 hits.

Lou: Or no, 15 damage.

Brennan: Damage, oh, on your first attack you skewer the elven elder through
the head and he collapses into boiling pustules and slimes away.

Ally: Ooh.

Lou: Great. And then I guess I'll move to engage with this big treant.

Ally: Am I next to slime?

Brennan: You're about like 20 feet away.

Ally: Oh, never mind, sorry, okay.

Lou: Yeah, I'll swing on this treant.

Brennan: Yeah, go for it.

Lou: That's gonna be, ooh, that's really good, that's 30.

Zac: Kristen thinks it's Gak.

Ally: [laughs] I wanted to take some.

Lou: And I'll make this--

Siobhan: Put it on some newspapers.

Zac mimes squishing silly putty. Ally pretends to open a newspaper.

Lou: I'll make this a Defensive Flourish so another d6. Hell yes, oh, that's
good. That's 17 damage to the ent. Excuse me, 17 plus six so 23 damage to the
ent and my AC for the next round is 25.

Siobhan: Wow.

Brennan: [laughing, impressed] Oh my god, incredible.

Ally: Yes, yes.

Emily: Wooo!

Brennan: Okay, and how much damage is that again, sorry?

Lou: I did 8, 14 plus 9 for 23.

Brennan: 23 points of damage, hell yeah, awesome. You skewer the tree,
Defensive Flourish, moving as fast as you can. As you do so you leap under its
swinging branches, just doing your absolute best to stay away. After Fabian
that is going to be Riz, that's you, baby.

Murph: Sweet, is there, I know Fabian asked this before, but is there any area
that is like a big fall by the side of the stairs or is just like 50 feet? I
mean, 50 feet's a decent fall, but.

Brennan: Oh, 50 feet, you're way up so your fall is more like 80 or 90 feet.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: 'Cause you're higher up the stairs so kicking someone over the edge
would be a farther fall.

Murph: Okay, sweet, I'm gonna ask a shenanigans question.

Brennan: Go for it.

Murph: Okay. So I have a grappling canister. It grants me a fly speed but I
imagine it being almost like a grappling hook thing.

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Murph: I would like to channel Emily Axford in a different game and jump off
the edge and try to shoot the grappling thing at the centaur to pull him off
with me.

Emily: Ooh, Thorn Whip babe, improvised Thorn Whip, yes, yes my man!

Brennan: Okay, give me an attack roll to hit the centaur.

Zac: That is absolutely sick.

Lou: This is badass.

Siobhan: So sick.

Ally: Here we go.

Lou: Secret agent The Ball for sure.

Siobhan: Absolutely rad.

Lou: Big time.

Murph: Oh baby, that's a 27.

Ally: Yes!

Lou: Oh, yes.

Brennan: Definite hit.

Adaine: Riz, you look so hot.

Kristen: Wow, The Ball.

Gorgug: I think he’s doing it

Fig: Yeah!

Adaine: He's doing it. He's really doing it.

Brennan: I'm gonna say that this is—

Gorgug: Look at that confidence

Murph: Just I have cool hair under my stupid newsboy cap that comes off in the
rain.

Adaine: You've had that cool haircut the whole time?

Emily: You’re like the guy in The Expanse that takes it off and has a really
intense haircut.

Murph: Timothee Chalamet hair that comes down.

Zac: You just have amazing hair and you never showed it off.

Fabian: Damn, The Ball.

Adaine: I've literally never seen him without his hat, even in sleepovers. He
always wears his hat.

Murph: He's hot without the hat.

Brennan: I'm gonna go ahead and say that this is the same DC that your other
bullets are, we'll call it a DC 15. This centaur is gonna roll a Strength
saving throw to try to avoid this, I'll roll right now. [seeing what he
rolled, he closes his eyes and claps his hands like he’s praying] That is a
natural 1.

Group cheers.

Brennan: You run sideways, even the possessed Ragh and Sandra Lynn and
everybody, Ragh is gonna get a swing on you unless you wanna bonus action
disengage which you could.

Murph: I need a bonus action to live.

Brennan: Oh, gotcha, yes, yes, yes, for sure. So you rush to the side. As you
do so you, oh, so he's gonna get a swing on you.

Murph: Yeah, he gets a swing.

Emily: Ragh doesn't have Sentinel or anything, does he?

Brennan: He does not.

Emily: Okay, cool, then I won't.

Brennan: He misses you.

Murph: Great.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: You leap off the side, grappling, wraps around the centaur, the
centaur. (growls) Snap, bam, and as you fall the weight of you like flying off
you swing, the centaur goes up on its hind legs, takes a couple faltering
steps back, goes over the side and is about 60 feet up so will take 6d6 points
of falling damage. Riz, go ahead and give me that falling damage, roll 6d6.

Lou: Damn, The Ball, God damn.

Murph: This'll hopefully take him out for a while. Literally stolen from
Emily.

Siobhan: Steal from the best.

Murph: That's just—

Emily: Leap off, Thorn Whip, Misty Step back.

Murph: 16 damage.

Brennan: 16 damage.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: Okay.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: Hell yeah. But you get him out of the fight, he's off the staircase.
(groans) (mimics thudding landing) Centaur hits the bottom. You however are
now also off the staircase.

Murph: Sweet, I will use my once-a-day Misty Step with my sword to (mimics
wind whipping) back.

Ally: Sick.

Brennan: You're back on the staircase, baby, bam.

Emily: Yeah, buddy.

Brennan: Shoom! That is Riz's turn, Fig, that's you.

Emily: Okay, I wanna use my skateboard to get to where this ritual's
happening.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Emily: This ritual's happening on the ledge outside, right?

Brennan: Yes, up above you.

Emily: Okay.

Lou: Do you still look like Kalina?

Emily: Yeah, baby.

Ally: Kalina on a skateboard.

Emily: I still look Kalina. Kalina's really good at skateboarding.

Ally: Kalina grinding.

Emily: Before I go because I don't know which I'm gonna do once I get up
there, I run and real quick say,

Fig: Hey Kristen, show me that picture you drew of your Goddess just so I know
what they look like.

Kristen: My blood photo?

Fig: Yeah—

Kristen: My photo that I drew with my own blood, of course.

Fig: Yeah, yeah.

Ally: Okay, cool, I do, it's huge.

Fig: Just so I know, thank you.

Gorgug: Oh, God.

Emily: And then I wanna use my skateboard to get to where the ritual's
happening and then I wanna know what the scene looks like up there.

[music changes to a discordant, tense orchestral piece]

Brennan: Hell yeah, one, two, three. You get to the ledge. Here is what you
see up above you on the ledge. Crashing thunder and lightning. The cottage has
fully appeared up here. The tree is at the edge hanging over the side of the
cliff. Arianwen is 40 feet above the ground surrounded by a cyclone. As you
get to the top you see the unicorn turns to look at you, Killian turns to look
at you, and Kalina is leaning with her back against the tree, smiles, and
waves at you.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: That is the scene you see.

Emily: I think what I'm gonna do, so a phantasmal image would be extra
powerful here, correct? Like anything that had a description in it that had a
phantasmal image would have double the illusion magic or something?

Brennan: Correct.

Emily: I want to cast Fear and create the image of this goddess that Kristen
told me about in the minds of all of them.

Brennan: Hell yes, you go ahead and cast phantasmal. What level spell is that?

Emily: This is Fear. It's a level three, you project a phantasmal image of a
creature's worst fears. I'm assuming that this goddess coming back to life
would be scary to at least the unicorn who it seems conspired against them.
And each creature within a 30-foot cone must succeed a Wisdom saving throw or
drop whatever it's holding and become frightened.

Brennan: Gotcha.

Emily: So I'm hoping to disrupt the ceremony.

Brennan: You throw that awesome spell which would be dope as hell. Arianwen
hits you with a Counterspell.

Emily: Counterspell, can't I Counterspell hers?

Brennan: Ooh, you can Counterspell hers!

Emily: Yeah, now I'm out of third level spells. Hope no one needs a Revivify.
(laughs)

Brennan: Cool, you cast Fear. Hold on, I just wanna read the actual wording of
the fear spell real quick. So it's, you project a phantasmal image of a
creature's worst fears. Each creature in a on a Wisdom saving throw or drop
whatever it is holding and become frightened for the duration. It has to take
a dash action. And you're casting it on Killian, Kalina, and Arianwen right
now, correct?

Emily: Yeah, and the unicorn.

Brennan: The unicorn is off to one side near the cottage and you can't hit
them both from where you're standing.

Emily: Okay, then yeah, I will favor those first three that you said.

Brennan: Those people, awesome. I'm going to roll some saving throws right now
for them. This is a wisdom saving throw I believe, correct?

Emily: Can I use Reckless Shred to give one of them disadvantage?

Brennan: The way Reckless Shred works now is you've gotta do it first. So
you've gotta take disadvantage first and then do it to someone else the next
round.

Emily: Okay, I see.

Brennan: Hold on one second. You see, okay, we'll roll these real quick.
Kalina is immune to the frightened condition.

Emily: But wouldn't she still have to contend with the reality of the goddess
being there 'cause it's like a scary image but it's illusion magic or am I
incorrect in...

Brennan: I think the wording of the spell is, you project a phantasmal image
of a creature's worst fears so I don't think you get to dictate necessarily
what the image is that they're seeing.

Emily: Oh, okay, in that case can I just do Phantasmal Force then on one of
them?

Brennan: Sure, yeah, absolutely.

Emily: Which creates an illusion that takes root in the mind of a creature and
I'll try to do it on Arianwen, and I want to create the illusion that she lost
her magic powers.

Brennan: Ooh, that's really good. Okay, let's see this. She succeeds on her
saving throw and resists the Phantasmal Force. You see that she is surrounded
by these crazy winds that whip all around her. As she does so you see that she
looks over at you and says,

Arianwen: Not enough time, not enough time!

Brennan: Rips open a seam in space and pulls the crown of the Nightmare King
out of an extradimensional space in front of her. Any bonus actions from Fig
on that turn?

Emily: Yes, I would like Baby invisible to try to go grab the Nightmare Crown.
(chuckles)

Brennan: Hell yes.

Lou: This is what he's for. This is it, this is his mission.

Brennan: All right, opposed Athletics checks. Go ahead and roll for Baby if
you would be so kind.

Lou: Oh, hell yes, it's already happening? I love it.

Brennan: He flies right up to her.

Lou: Let's go Baby.

Zac: The two strongest people in the world.

Murph: Come on, Baby.

Lou: Let's go, Baby.

Murph: Come on, Baby.

Ally: He's invisible, wouldn't that be advantage?

Siobhan: Baby versus Mommy.

Brennan: Not on an Athletics check.

Lou: Come on Baby, what's up Baby?

Emily: 12.

Murph: 12.

Siobhan: You got it, Baby.

Brennan: Oh, okay.

Siobhan: Nobody puts Baby in a corner.

Brennan: You see that Arianwen does get fucked up as Baby starts going like,

Baby: (laughs) Let me touch it!

Brennan: And she goes,

Arianwen: What the, what?

Brennan: That is Fig's turn.

Emily: So just so I can be clear, did we use those Counterspells or not just
because I didn't use the Fear thing.

Brennan: Yes, you did make her use one of her Counterspells, absolutely, death
saving throw for Aelwyn, okay.

Zac: Um, shit.

Siobhan: What was that?

Zac: A death saving throw for Aelwyn?

Brennan: If no one's making a medicine check on her no one knows.

Siobhan: Fuck, God damn it.

Ally: I have an idea. I have an idea.

Siobhan: Okay.

Brennan: Okay, Ragh is going to rush over to Riz again. And he's gonna keep
wailing on Riz.

Riz: This isn't you anymore, Ragh, this isn't you anymore.

Brennan: He hits once and is going to deal Riz 14 points of damage.

Murph: Cool, I'll use Uncanny Dodge to halve it.

Brennan: Cool, how much is Riz at right now?

Murph: I am now at 44.

Brennan: 44, baby. That is going to be, Tracker is going to make a death
saving throw. Okay. That is going to be Kristen.

Ally: Okay—

Brennan: I'm actually gonna need you at the beginning of your turn to give me
a Constitution saving throw.

Ally: Okay.

: We gotta get rid of this sprite.

Murph: The sprite's on death's door I think, right.

Siobhan: Yeah, Jesus, this fucking sprite.

Ally: Nat 1.

Brennan: Kristen goes unconscious.

Siobhan: Fuck.

Lou: Fuck.

Brennan: Full unconscious.

Emily: I'll come back, guys.

Ally: Wait, didn't the sprite get hit like three times? Wouldn't that have
knocked it off of me?

Brennan: No, it's its Drone ability. When your turn starts you have to roll
Constitution or get knocked unconscious.

Ally: Oh, Human Determination? Do I still have that?

Brennan: You do still have that.

Ally: Okay, I get get to re-roll one thing.

Brennan: Yes.

Murph: Come on.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: Yes, this is it.

Ally: 19, 19, 19!

Brennan: Yeah, baby, all right. You got the grit.

Ally: Fuck yeah, thank God.

Lou: My heart, dude. (laughs)

Zac makes a pained groan, then laughs.

Brennan: Go for it.

Ally: Okay, I'm gonna run to be next to Tracker and...

Brennan: And Aelwyn?

Ally: Yeah, and Aelwyn.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: And then I'm gonna cast Aura of Life so 30 feet, people who are at zero
HP bump up to one.

Brennan: Hell yes.

Ally: And they have resistance to necrotic damage and they can't lose any HP
and this lasts for 10 minutes.

Brennan: Holy shh.

Zac: They can't lose HP?

Ally: But it's Concentration.

Brennan: Aura of life. Oh my God, that's amazing.

Ally: One of my new things.

Brennan: In addition, a nonhostile living creature regains one hit point,
sorry, in addition, a nonhostile, living creature regains one hit point when
it starts its turn in the aura with 0 hit points so on their next turn they
pop back up.

Ally: Okay, cool, so I have to stay there I guess to keep them in my aura.

Brennan: You have to stay there. You cast the spell, that is now your
concentration spell that is active.

Ally: So if I Mass Healing Word can I hit them to pop them back up?

Brennan: Yeah, you wouldn't even have to run back down the staircase to do
that. You could just Mass Healing Word them right now as well.

Ally: Okay, then skip the Aura of Life.

Zac: It might be better to, yeah.

Ally: Yeah, forget that.

Brennan: Cool.

Murph: You could also shoot a cantrip at the sprite, too.

Ally: I think I'm gonna do Channel Divinity: Turn Undead because then wouldn't
these full undead people--

Siobhan: Yeah, they're all undead.

Murph: Maybe.

Ally: They'd have to hit a wisdom DC of 17 or else they have to start running
away.

Siobhan: Yes.

Zac: Is that an action or a bonus action?

Murph: It's just the tree and the sprite now, right?

Ally: It's an ability.

Zac: But it is an action or a bonus action?

Ally: Oh, it's just an action so then I could bonus action Mass Healing Word
and pop Tracker and Aelwyn back up.

Brennan: Go for it.

Siobhan: And Ayda as well.

Ally: Okay.

Emily: Hey, Ayda's down?

Siobhan: I think so, yeah.

Brennan: No, Ayda's not down.

Emily: Ayda's not down.

Siobhan: Oh, it's just Tracker and Aelwyn?

Ally: 13.

Brennan: 13, cool, how many targets can you pick?

Ally: I can do up to six.

Brennan: Hey, throw it around, baby.

Ally: So I'll do, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: So Aelwyn--

Ally: Aelwyn, Tracker.

Siobhan: I'm at 35 right now.

Ally: Did we just say that Ayda's looking bad?

Brennan: Ayda has not been injured at all so don't hit Ayda.

Ally: Oh, nevermind.

Siobhan: I'm at 35 and Fig is at 23.

Ally: Okay yeah, we'll hit you, we'll hit Fig. Am I close enough to Fig?

Brennan: You're not close enough to Fig, Fabian is here and Gorgug is here.

Zac: I mean, I could use it if you're...

Ally: Yeah, cool.

Brennan: Cool, awesome. So Adaine, what's your new total?

Siobhan: I don't know, what.

Brennan: 13.

Siobhan: Oh, adding 13 is 48.

Brennan: And Fabian and Gorgug, what's your new total?

Zac: I'm at 116.

Lou: 68.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Mass Healing Word is very good, awesome. That's your bonus
action, what's your action gonna be?

Ally: My action is to do Channel Divinity: Turn Undead on the last of these
elders.

Brennan: Ooh baby, let's do it.

Ally: So the Wisdom DC is 17 or else they gotta run. They're gonna run off the
cliff.

Lou: They gotta run off the damn cliff.

Siobhan: Run away you damn tree!

Brennan: Sprite fails.

Murph: Nice.

Kristen: Fuck off, sprite!

Brennan: Treant succeeds. I'm gonna say that the sprite was at such low hit
points that you just sunder the sprite. It is fully fucking gone. You watch
the sprite be utterly just unmade in this moment.

Ally: Sweet.

Brennan: Boom. Sprite and its horrible drone are gone, treant resists. Awesome
turn from Kristen.

Ally: Human Determination.

Zac: Whew, big difference that made.

Ally: Yeah. (laughs)

Brennan: It is Ayda's turn. You know what your girl Ayda is doing, baby. Ayda
soars up that fucking staircase right to her girl's side.

Fig: What up, girl?

Brennan: She leaps into battle. You see, Fig, you are in tremendous danger
right now. Killian, the unicorn, and Kalina are all making moves to go to you,
Ayda lands--

Fig: Ayda, just so you know, I do have Cutting Words so you know. (laughs)

Brennan: You see Ayda looks at you and goes,

Ayda: A terrible situation, this is quite bad.

Brennan: You see she looks over at you and says--

Fig: I was just trying to disrupt the ceremony. I figured we had to do it even
if it meant someone went down.

Brennan: No she says,

Ayda: Oh, I mean all of these villains. You're a genius and I love you with
all my heart.

Fig: Aw, we really have to have a little one on one at some point 'cause we're
just always in battle when we see each other.

Brennan: Make a Perception check for me, Fig.

Emily: Nat 1, my second nat 1 of the day.

Brennan: Ooh, no, okay.

Murph: You have luck points, right?

Emily: Oh yeah, luck point.

Ally: Burn it.

Emily: I mean, my Perception isn't good, it's still only a 12.

Murph: You see Killian walking towards you. Fig, you look at Killian as he
struts, he has all the power of a pit fiend at his disposal. There is a gem in
his chest.

Emily grins and makes a knowing hum.

Siobhan: Oh, a ruby?

Fig: Ayda, do you wanna Plane Shift into that chest gem?

Siobhan: You've got your ruby.

Emily: Yeah. I think if we Plane Shift in there and then I. (hums)

Brennan: You see Ayda looks at you and says,

Ayda: Fascinating.

Fig: Just saying, like sometimes couples go on trips together.

Brennan: She smiles so wide. I mean, Ayda keeps her cards close and has just
this broad grin breaks across her face and she goes,

Ayda: A trip sounds lovely. And you know what they say, keep your friends
close and your enemies as close as possible.

Brennan: She picks you up in her strong arms.

Fig: Pretty close, pretty close.

Brennan: And flies straight at Killian, you are surrounded by shifting runes
of orange flame and both of you rocket inside of the gem. (roars) You are
standing in roiling flame. Your big daddy Gorthalax is bound in the center of
this gem, looks at both of you and goes,

Gorthalax: Fig, I can't believe you're here!

Fig: Hey, I did this to you, but now me and my girlfriend are gonna undo it to
you.

Brennan: You see he says,

Gorthalax: Girlfriend, oh, is this?

Brennan: You see Ayda says,

Ayda: Gorthalax the Insatiable, master of, or I should say former master of
the Bottomless Pit. I am the wizard Ayda Aguefort. I am your daughter's
paramour.

Fig: And she is my, whatever pit fiends have. Perhaps my succubus.

Brennan: You see Ayda, her eyebrows both go way up and she's like.

Ayda: Fascinating, that's incredible.

Group laugh.

Brennan: That is Ayda's turn. You have both Plane Shifted into the gem in the
center of Killian's chest.

Emily: All right, I'll get us out of here in a second.

Brennan: Gorgug, that's you, baby.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check to see where that centaur is if it seems
like it's gonna come back up behind people?

Brennan: Yes, it looks like it's still alive, but it will take a long time
getting up the staircase after you guys.

Zac: Okay, in that case I am just going to, is the treant next to the edge or
not really?

Brennan: It's kind of in the middle of the staircase?

Zac: Okay, I'm just gonna get behind this treant and take three Reckless, you
know, Frenzy attacks.

Brennan: Oh hell yeah, go for it.

Zac: Timber, baby.

Lou: Timber.

Ally: Timber!

Zac: That is a oh, does a 23 hit?

Brennan: Yes, it does.

Zac: Okay. Here's the real test, does a 17 hit?

Brennan: 17 hits.

Murph: Nice.

Lou: Wooo!

Zac: Does a 25 hit?

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Zac: I can't crit even when I can crit on 19. 14, so 15 plus well actually
it's 9 now. Okay.

Brennan: Yes.

Zac: So 9, 18, 27. So 15 plus 27, 30...

Murph: 42?

Zac: 42.

Lou: 42.

[gentle music begins to pick up and become more epic and orchestral]

Brennan: Damn, okay. Incredible. The gravity, you're fighting a big, giant
tree. This gravity axe hums, baby, (hums) bam! Just like wood chips go flying
as you hew just like giant 40-degree wedges out of the side of this treant.

Ally: Woooo!

Gorgug: Sorry about it.

Brennan: You see, awesome turn. The centaur gets back to the bottom of the
staircase and then it is Killian's turn. Five, ten, fifteen, twenty, twenty-
five. Riz, Killian, eyes burning red, flaming chest open advances on you with
all the power of a pit fiend. He is going to unload on you. I am going to...
Ooh, boy.

Murph: And my reaction I used this round, right?

Brennan: Yeah.

Murph: Okay.

Brennan: Okay. Riz, first let me know when you drop 'cause you're gonna drop.

Murph: Okay.

Lou: Oh, bold, bold, Brennan.

Brennan: 21 points of damage.

Murph: Still up.

Zac: Is he...

Emily: Is it too much of a stretch to say I could Cutting Words from inside
the gem.

Brennan: Yeah.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: 29 plus you take 37 on the next attack.

Murph: I'm down.

Brennan: Riz is fully dead.

Murph stares right into the camera, alarmed.

Brennan: He gets two more attacks on you. Killian's hands are covered in
flame. He grabs Riz's throat, chokes him, picks him up, slams him into the
stone steps. They crater, rubble, Riz is fully dead.

Emily: For the record, I do have a third level spell left 'cause when I
switched to Phantasmal Force that's a second level spell just for the record
so that everyone knows.

Ally: Cool.

Murph: Cool.

Ally: So we do, but we yeah. I also have a reviving spell, but we need you to
make me a fake gem.

Emily: I can do that.

Brennan: All of you watch Riz die. You sense how powerful your enemies are
here, how exhausted your allies are. You feel no matter how brave you are with
all your friends here at the edge of your mind is fear. This might not happen
for you. Following, Adaine, that's your turn.

Siobhan: Okay, I'd like to talk to Aelwyn.

Zac: Wait, is not Fig's turn?

Brennan: Fig already went.

Emily: Yeah, that wasn't, Riz got attacked, but that wasn't Riz's turn.

Brennan: That was Killian's turn. That is going to be Adaine. You can talk to
Aelwyn.

Adaine: Aelwyn, okay. We're here and we need to be there. Do you have anything
that can get us up there?

Brennan: You're gonna actually have to delay your turn.

Siobhan: That's fine.

Brennan: Cool.

Siobhan: Or if she has like a, I don't know if she has a Dimension Door or a
Thunder Step or something like that or Fly.

Brennan: She may, she may.

Siobhan: But can I not talk to her now?

Brennan: It hasn't gotten to her turn yet so she hasn't popped up— Oh no, Mass
Healing Word, I'm crazy, nevermind. You can absolutely talk to Aelwyn. Aelwyn
says,

Aelwyn: Stay where you are, hold. I can get us up to the top.

Siobhan: Great, I'll hold my action for Aelwyn.

Brennan: You hold. You see…in a blast of ice Arianwen destroys Baby.

Lou: No!

Emily: I'm not there, though, I am in the gem, right? Do I..?

Brennan: You feel Baby go.

Zac: Oh no.

Fig: But, but, he just wanted to whisper and scream.

Zac: He probably died doing what he loved.

Emily: You’re right, feeling.

Murph: You know, being a little rascal, screaming.

Emily: I think I make a solemn promise in my heart that Baby, I will make you
again. I made you once from my blood, I can make you again.

Brennan: You guys, Baby goes and you guys can see over the crest Arianwen has
risen up even higher into the sky. She releases the crown and it floats off
the edge of the ledge, lightning strikes, and you see like a cyclone
descending to touch the earth. The clouds (roaring) form a column. And from
that swirling tornado of cloud and storm you see two limbs of cloud as though
something were standing up, balancing itself as tall as a mountain preparing
to stand. You see… That is going to now be the elder treant. Hold on one
second. You see that the treant is going to go and swing on you, Gorgug.

Lou: Can I impose disadvantage on one of those swings?

Brennan: On the first one which means it will be a straight roll.

Fabian: As a protector I'd like to protect my friends.

Gorgug: Protect me, Fabian, please. ...Nah, I can handle it.

Brennan: Fabian, it comes down about to rain a blow on top of Gorgug and as it
does you leap forward, skid, and kick one of its giant tree limb legs. It
stumbles and smashes into the ground an inch away from Gorgug.

Fabian: Spring break, I believe in you, I've lost one friend, that's too many.

Brennan: It's gonna take its second swing on you as punishment for doing that.
What's your AC now?

Lou: 25.

Brennan: That is a full ass miss, my guy. Whoom! [swings]

Lou: What's up.

Brennan: This thing has a plus 10 to hit.

Lou: There you go.

Brennan: Okay, wood elf is dead. Back at the top of the order. That is going
to be Sandra Lynn is going to fire on Gorgug. That's a hit and a crit. 12, 17,
29 halved to 14 damage to Gorgug.

Zac: Okay. I'm at 102.

Brennan: Ooh, baby.

Ally: Wow.

Brennan: That's Sandra Lynn, Fabian, that's you.

Lou: How far is Riz's body from me and how bad does this treant look?

Brennan: Treant is still standing. I mean, it's taken some damage, but it's
still up.

Lou: Yeah, how far is Riz's body?

Brennan: Riz's body is probably about like 80 feet up from you.

Lou: Oof, and how far is Kristen from Riz?

Brennan: Kristen is even farther. She's about 15 feet down the stairs from
you.

Lou: Great.

Zac: Riz is full dead right now, right?

Brennan: Correct.

Lou: Full dead.

Emily: Yeah, full dead. We gotta conjure a diamond and get a revive.

Lou: And Killian is over Riz?

Brennan: Yes, Killian is over Riz.

Lou: As soon as Fig is able to get out of Killian you'll be right over Riz,
okay. In that case I think I'm gonna keep swinging on this ent so I'll take
two attacks on him.

Brennan: Go for it.

Lou: First one's a 22.

Brennan: That'll do it.

Lou: I'll burn my last first level spell spot for Fandrangor. That's gonna be
8, 17 points of damage.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: Second. That's gonna be 29.

Brennan: 29 all together?

Lou: No, 29 to hit.

Brennan: That hits.

Lou: And I'm gonna, I'm just gonna roll flat.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: God, and that's only 10 damage on a second hit.

Brennan: Bam, bam, you hit it. (mimics blows landing) Fandrangor comes out,
hits this thing again. Also The Hangman goes.

Lou: Oh, how often can it use that breath weapon?

Brennan: Roll a d6, he recharges on a five or six.

Lou: Four, he'll just take a regular attack.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: Do you want me to roll that or will you?

Brennan: Yeah, you roll it plus 5.

Lou: 21.

Brennan: That hits. Roll 1d8 plus 2d6 plus 3.

Lou: Jesus, 1d8 plus 2d6 plus 3? I love that.

Siobhan: Wow.

Zac: Got a lot better.

Lou: 8 plus 13 plus 3.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Lou: And I will use Second Wind for 14 more HP.

Brennan: Hell yeah, that is, that is going to be...

Emily: Fig?

Brennan: I think so. Hold on one second. Riz is fully dead, Figueroth, that is
you. Sorry, you see the contingency, the thing that kills Gorthalax if the gem
is fucked with around you as well.

Emily: That needs to be dispelled.

Brennan: That needs to be dispelled. Ayda looks at you and can take care of
it.

Emily: Okay, Ayda, I need you to, here's what I wanna do. I wanna hold my
action until Ayda dispels it then I wanna shatter the rubies. I don't know if
that takes a full action to do, but then I wanna see if the shattered rubies
can be enough to cast a Revivify with. Like if the value of it.

Brennan: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Emily: I don't know enough about how spell components work.

Brennan: I'll say depending on how hard you shred when you shatter rubies
we'll make it a Performance check. If you can beat the DC you can keep enough
rubies to Revivify.

Emily: Okay.

Lou: Let's go.

Emily: So I'm holding my action for Ayda.

Brennan: You hold your action for Ayda. Aelwyn is next to go.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Aelwyn is going to, Aelwyn goes in between, Aelwyn rushes up the
steps actually to be next to Kristen and readies an action to cast, 'cause
Adaine, were you holding your action?

Siobhan: I was holding my action to get to, 'cause she said she could get us
up the stairs.

Brennan: Okay, in that case, and Kristen can fly.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: So in that case Aelwyn does not hold any longer because too many
people are holding. She runs in between Tracker and Adaine and straight up
casts Teleport.

Siobhan: Sick.

Ally: Whoa.

Brennan: Uses her seventh level spell shot. She goes,

Aelwyn: [sighs] Waste of a teleport to go 100 feet, but time is of the
essence.

Brennan: You see that she—

Adaine: Never a waste, very cool. Can't wait to learn that spell.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Aelwyn: Adaine, I would love to teach you this spell.

Siobhan makes high five motion.

Brennan: High fives. Cool, that's gonna be, boom, boom, and then Tracker.
Where is Tracker? Hold on a sec here.

Zac: Tracker went right before Kristen, right?

Brennan: Yes, you see that, hold on one second though. You see… You guys all
appear, boom, on the ledge watching this insane mountain-sized humanoid-shaped
storm cloud begin to push itself up using its hands. All Tracker, Aelwyn,
Adaine all appear in front of the cottage on the ledge above. The nearest
thing to you is the great unicorn. You can also see your mother and Kalina.
And that is Aelwyn's turn.

Siobhan: Okay, so it's my turn now.

Brennan: It's your turn now, yes.

Siobhan: Okay, does it look like there's more to this spell that my mother
needs to do?

Brennan: It looks like she's done.

Siobhan: Or she's done?

Brennan: She's done.

Emily: Oh.

Siobhan: Okay, well here, how about this. The tree is here, right?

Brennan: Mm-hmm.

Siobhan: Okay, I would like to do a second level Chromatic Orb fire damage on
the tree.

Brennan: Hell yeah, go for it.

Siobhan: Great, (groans) that's a 12. Does a 12 hit?

Brennan: A 12 does hit. It's a big ol' tree, you can hit the tree on a 12.

Siobhan: Great.

Lou: You could hit the tree on a 12.

Siobhan: Okay that's a little better. That's a 22, 22 damage to the magical
tree.

Brennan: 22 damage to the magical tree which becomes 44 damage.

Murph: Nice.

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: Hell yeah. (mimics wind howling) Kalina starts in a dead sprint
towards you, she goes,

Kalina: Oh, that's enough of that. [exertion noises]

Brennan: You cast that Chromatic Orb, that is Adaine's turn. You've used your
readied action. Five, ten, fifteen, twenty, thirty, fourty, forty-five, fifty.
Ragh uses a movement and a dash and closes with all three of you but is not
able to attack but is just screaming in rage. After him is Tracker. Tracker
calls down, and says,

Tracker: Kristen, babe, you got this!

Brennan: Reaches behind her and on a roll of a natural 19 touches the cottage
and breaks the second of the five trans-substantiations.

Lou: Whoa!

Brennan: With a Dispel Magic.

Siobhan: Great.

Ally: Yes!

Brennan: You see way off on the other island, motes of light as all these
celestials are returned to the planes they were captured from. Two down, three
to go.

Zac: Three?

Siobhan: Yeah, we gotta figure out that name.

Lou: Kalina, name, and the tree.

Brennan: Kristen, that's you.

Ally: Wait, the tree isn't done yet, right?

Brennan: You're fighting the treant on the steps.

Ally: No, no, I mean sorry, of the trans-substantiation.

Brennan: The tree is not done yet, no.

Siobhan: I just did 44 damage to it.

Ally: Awesome, I have a question. If Kalina, if I'm not quite alive am I able
to attack and hit Kalina?

Brennan: You are alive, you've resurrected yourself so you're back.

Ally: Oh, okay, okay, okay.

Brennan: You are flesh, blood, and spirit all again.

Ally: Can I do an Insight check on how to potentially get rid of Kalina? Like
a Religion or is there anything that I would know?

Emily: What if you did Greater Restoration on Kalina?

Brennan: Greater Restoration could do it. You could potentially just defeat
her physical body here. You think that with these curses there's a couple
ways.

Ally: I have Remove Curse.

Brennan: That could possibly—

Ally: Can I just cast Remove Curse on Kalina?

Brennan: You think you would need to drop her to be able to do that. In the
same way you needed to have the coin and needed to produce the cottage and you
will probably need to chop down the tree to get the broom you will need to
probably defeat Kalina to put the final blow on her.

Ally: Okay then I'm just going to hit, am I closer to Sandra Lynn or Ragh?

Brennan: They're both way up the steps from you, but you could fly and
probably get within spell range of some of them.

Ally: Okay, I'll do that. And I'll get it--

Brennan: Yeah, what spell are you thinking?

Ally: Remove Curse.

Brennan: What's the range on that?

Ally: Remove Curse has, oh it's touch.

Brennan: So you have to spend your turn getting up there.

Ally: Interesting, interesting, interesting, okay. Yeah, I guess I'll do that,
I'll fly up and who needs heals? Anyone I can do another bonus action or?

Siobhan: I mean, I'm at 48, I would take a heal if you're giving them out.

Zac: You're pretty far away, right?

Siobhan: But you're...

Brennan: You could probably hit Gorgug or Fabian where you are, but I think
they're both pretty up there.

Ally: They're both fine, okay, then I'll just use my bonus action to do
another Step of the Brave so I can keep flying.

Brennan: Cool.

Ally: And I'll just use my whole action to get in the mix.

Brennan: Yeah, you're getting up in the mix. You are way closer to the top of
the staircase now.

Ally: Great.

Brennan: After Kristen's turn, the sprite is destroyed. Ayda, Ayda,

Ayda: Mr. The Insatiable, please consider this a kind offering to your family,
and I hope, I hate to be a traditionalist, and Fig, I know you love rebellion
so even if he says no I would still aid you.

Fig: If anything maybe he should say no, right? So that I can rebel against
it.

Ayda: Oh, that's very fun. Mr. The Insatiable, I don't care whether you want
me to date your daughter or not, but I hope you like me. [energy noises as she
casts]

(group laughing)

Brennan: And you see that she breaks the contingency. Gorthalax's chains come
off, baby.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Boom, he hits the deck. You see he has been tortured for weeks as
well so he's got the same exhaustion everyone else does, but he's a full-ass
pit fiend so even four levels of exhaustion leaves a pretty fucking terrifying
being. Fig, your readied action, baby.

Emily: I shatter the rubies so that we all get spit out.

Siobhan: I love this song!

Brennan: I'm gonna say it is a DC 20 Performance check to preserve enough ruby
fragments to have the equivalent needed for Revivify.

Emily: Okay. First is a fail, however I'm gonna use a luck point.

Brennan: Woo!

Ally: Nice.

Emily: Yeah, baby! Okay, that's gonna be a, let me just add this up so that
you can all just cream your jeans.

Lou: I'm trying to cream my jeans, dude, let's do this.

Murph: I'm looking to cream.

Zac: Let's cream our jeans.

Emily: 31!

Group cheers. Brennan mouths “31?” in shock.

Zac: My Jeans!

Ally: Cream!

Brennan: No, no, no, no, no, no.

Murph: My jeans are ruined.

Siobhan: Mean as hell.

Emily: Fill ‘em with cream!

Lou: I'mma need new jeans!

Brennan: You see Gorthalax, boom, hits the deck inside of the gem. As he does
so he looks up at Ayda, smiles, looks at you and goes,

Gorthalax: Oh, why don't you go ahead and shred, baby girl.

[music changes to a Slammin’ metal riff]

Fabian and Siobhan briefly headbang.

Brennan: And you hit that fucking bass. The gem explodes. Fig, as a bonus
action Performance you shred which not only deposits an exhausted Gorthalax
onto the battlefield, it blows up Killian's entire body, boom!

Lou: Jesus!

Brennan: Fig, you have, this was a TPK in waiting and in an instant it has
shifted back.

Emily cheers.

Brennan: You have your action left.

Siobhan: You love to see it.

Emily: I have my action left? I scoop up that ruby and I revive fucking Riz!

Murph leans back in his chair and plays dead.

Group cheers and dances.

Zac: You look so dead.

Fig: Hey Ayda, check out what I just learned!

Brennan: I do my deep bass note that gets your heart thumping again.

Lou: Ooh, yeah.

Brennan: You see Ayda looks up and you and goes,

Ayda: You have mastered life and death?

Fig: Yes.

Ayda: [closing her eyes briefly] Incredible, incredible incredible, wow.

Fig: I don't think I coulda done it if you didn't make me feel like I was
worth it.

Ayda: Oh, my skin is so hot, and normally it's hot, but it's hotter than
normal.

Fig: I know, me, too.

Brennan: Riz, the first thing you see is you come back to life is Ayda and Fig
hard flirting right over top of you.

Emily: I have like one hand reviving Riz, but then the other hand is kind of
like, playing at almost touching her arm, but I'm like being shy about it.

Murph: I wake up just,

Riz: (gasps) Am I interrupting something?

Group laughs

Fig: Shh, shh.

Gorgug: Riz, you gotta give 'em space.

Fig: It's whatever, it's whatever.

Gorgug: Riz, give 'em space.

Murph: I just pretend that I'm still dead.

Gorgug: Riz, give them space!

Ally: Riz is covered in Killian's guts.

Murph: Yeah. [mimes shaking them off of himself]

Brennan: Incredible, so Gorthalax has fucking entered the battlefield. That is
now gonna be Gorgug, that's you.

[slammin’ metal continues]

Zac: Yes! I'm just gonna keep attacking this treant because let's get this guy
outta here. Let's get up there.

Lou: Let's do it my guy.

Brennan: Hell yes.

Zac: All right, three Reckless Attacks.

Brennan: Dope.

Zac: Does a 20 hit?

Brennan: Hell yes.

Lou: Hey.

Brennan: 21.

Lou: Hey.

Zac: Three hits, no crits.

Brennan: Oof.

Lou: Three hits, no crits.

Brennan: You're saving 'em for when it counts, baby.

Ally: Yeah.

Zac: 11, so 19 plus 27. 46 damage.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Brennan: [shaking his head, impressed] This treant is almost gone. He is just
like, he's like a fucking Jenga tower there's so many things cleaved out of
him.

Gorgug: Fabian, let me handle this, you get outta here.

Fabian: Well, I spent a lot of time working on this as well, all right? I'd
like to think it's like a group project.

Gorgug: If you want it, I will get outta here.

Fabian: Yes, I'll get out of here.

Brennan: (laughs) Gorgug, you're just wailing on this fucking thing. Were
those all Reckless by the way?

Zac: Yes, every attack I've done is Reckless, I have not crit.

Brennan: Gotcha, gotcha, incredible. You see, hold on one second.

Zac: Also, nevermind.

Brennan: Okay. You guys now see the centaur continues charging up the steps
after you, And closes with Gorgug but does not have an attack. It has used its
whole action to get there. Killian is dead, Adaine, that's you.

Siobhan: I guess I will keep hitting the tree.

Brennan: Hell yeah.

Siobhan: So I'm just gonna Fire Bolt it.

Brennan: Dope, go for it.

Siobhan: Which is, yeah. Yeah, I hit, I got a 23.

Brennan: 23, cool.

Siobhan: So that's 8 damage on the tree.

Brennan: Which becomes 16.

Siobhan: I am rolling so poorly.

Brennan: (mimics fire roaring) Still slinging fire at it, Ragh right in front
of you. That is Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: Can I move far away enough away from Ragh that I'm further than 30
feet away from him?

Ally: Does someone have a Dispel Magic or something? Do you or—

Siobhan: No, I have almost—

Emily: I just used my last third level spell.

Siobhan: I only have first level spells left.

Emily: Yeah, I'm down to one second level spell.

Brennan: That is going to be, Ragh would get a swing on you if you move away
from him.

Siobhan: Oh, he's within five feet of me?

Brennan: Within five feet of you, yes.

Siobhan: Okay, then I guess I'll fucking stay still.

Brennan: I am going to need a Constitution saving throw from Adaine.

Siobhan: (groans) It's a 5.

[music change: back to tense, epic battle music]

Brennan: You see, your mother floating in the sky turns to you, beholds you
standing there and casts Power Word Pain.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Brennan: While the target is affected by crippling pain your speed cannot be
higher than 10. You have disadvantage on attack rolls, ability checks, saving
throws. If the target tries to cast a spell it must first succeed on a
Constitution saving throw or the casting fails and the spell is wasted. You
can make a Constitution saving throw at the end of each of your turns. On a
successful save the pain ends.

Siobhan: Can I not, can I cast Shield?

Brennan: It's not an attack roll.

Siobhan: It's not an attack roll. Okay great,

Adaine: My mother is hurting me again, what's new?

Brennan: She turns to you flying overhead and says, looks at you. She has
completed the ritual now. You see she says,

Arianwen: Insolent wretch.

Brennan: Looks at Aelwyn and says,

Arianwen: Where is your father?

Brennan: Aelwyn looks up and says,

Aelwyn: Um, well the last I saw Adaine killed him, so. [shrugs]

Brennan: And Arianwen looks at you, her lips disappear as her mouth sets in a
stern countenance and she says,

Arianwen: [nods] All of this can yet be made right. You will pay, you will
both pay, children.

Brennan: And that is Arianwen's turn. That's Gorthalax, baby. Gorthalax looks
around, he's got four levels of exhaustion like everyone who's been captured
for a long time has so his speed is halved, disadvantage on everything, but
he's still tough as hell. He looks at this roiling cloud shape and he looks
back at all of you guys and you see he says,

Gorthalax: Girl I love you, I'm gonna try to buy you some time, okay?

Fig: I love you pops, buy us some time!

Brennan: (growls) And he flies straight at this storm shape.

Zac: Oh my God.

Brennan: Takes out a flaming whip and a sword.

Lou: Okay!

Brennan: You guys hear the voice. The clouds part and you see glimpses of a
crowned skull. The Nightmare King, taller than mountains, stands. Gorthalax
flies straight for the king. You hear, colder than death,

The Nightmare King: [breathing raspily] Do you dare?

Brennan: And Gorthalax goes,

Gorthalax: [rumbling] Behold, Gorthalax, fallen. I listen to neither angel nor
god! [growls]

Brennan: And you see he kind of looks over his shoulder at Fig and is like,

Gorthalax: [thumbs up] Pretty cool for your old dad, huh?

Fig: You rule, pops! (laughs)

Brennan: And he flies straight for the Nightmare King and is gonna take some
attacks. And now here's where shit starts to get really fucking crazy.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Okay.

Zac: It seemed crazy to me at that point.

Lou: We’re in it now?

Siobhan: Pretty crazy.

Lou: Exactly.

Emily: I'm really pretty crazy already, but I guess let's get crazier.

Zac: You described a crazy thing.

Brennan: So his fly speed is 30.

Zac: Whose?

Brennan: Oh, Gorthalax because he's exhausted so he's gonna go five, ten,
fifteen, twenty, twenty-five, thirty. And he flies out over the sea of mist as
the clouds begin to part around the 800-foot tall Nightmare King and (growls)
just starts cracking this flaming whip and swinging with his sword. That is
now going to be the treant who is gonna continue to take swings at Gorgug.

Lou: I impose disadvantage on one of them.

Brennan: Nat 1 on the disadvantage roll.

Gorgug: I'm sorry, my friend is helping me.

Gorgug: Spring break, I believe in you.

Fabian: Spring break, I believe in you. [points]

Emily: Spring break, I believe in you.

Brennan: Hits on a second one.

Lou: Spring break, I believe in you.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And deals Gorgug 11, 17 halved to 8 damage. That's the treant. That
is now going to be. (humming) That's gonna be Kalina. You guys have not seen
Kalina in action yet.

Lou: No, we haven't, Brennan.

Emily: Oh, you have 'cause I've been Kalina this whole time.

Siobhan: Oh yeah, so pretty badass.

Ally: Oh, she's always making out with her girlfriend.

Emily: Good call, I make with Ayda right now.

Zac: Riding a skateboard on grass.

Siobhan: And upstairs.

Lou: Yeah, she's pretty lame at times.

Brennan: Riz, you're back up with one hit point standing next to Ayda and Fig.
Kalina, displacement, Mirror Images everywhere (mimics wind howling) appears
in front of you. [shocked, hands up to his head] Oh shit, your tie! Okay.

Murph: [nodding] Yeah.

Brennan: She stands in front of you. As she's approaching you, Fig, you see
she goes,

Kalina: Oh shit, I look good!

Brennan: And—

Fig: You're okay. I've seen better. I wear you well, you know? I'm like a
really flattering mirror. Like an H&M mirror.

Brennan: You see that Ayda puts—

Fig: Kristen gets my reference.

Brennan: Ayda puts a hand on her hip and says,

Ayda: Yes, Fig is more attractive than you!

Fig: Yeah!

Lou: Damn.

Fig: What up?

Brennan: You see Ayda way too loud goes,

Ayda: Got 'em!

Fig: (laughs) Yeah you did.

Brennan: She looks at you and says,

Ayda: I've heard that before. That's something you say after you've burnt
someone.

Fig: Well, you did burn. I'm rubbing off on you. Actually we're both pretty
fiery. Yeah, we're both living up to our names.

Brennan: You see Kalina, Riz, you stand up with one hit point. Kalina looks
immediately nauseous as she and Fig are both in the line of your tie camera.

Zac: Oh, your tie.

Brennan: Yeah, and you see that the displacement effect on her ends. A lot of
her magic just straight up stops as you do that. However, she is down but not
out. Kalina is going to make six attacks. Kalina is no fucking joke. You guys
are here in the heart of the Nightmare King's Forest. It's time to fucking go.
You see, hold on one second here. A lot of her cool shit is gone now.

Zac: Six attacks is not cool shit.

Brennan: Six attacks is not as cool as shit, but you do see that you're
hearing pings on Gorgug's phone like people... I mean, you're live streaming a
battle against, like, a resurrected nightmare deity.

Murph: Yeah.

Brennan: People are gonna log on. People are into it.

Zac: I'd click that.

Brennan: I'd click that. You see, she's gonna take her attacks now. She's
going to attack you. First attack, and it's gonna happen in order 'cause of
different shit she can do. On a 19 she connects with Riz, you've only got one.

Emily: Cutting Words.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll your Cutting Words.

Murph: Come on!

Emily: Minus 4.

Brennan: She still connects. She connects with Riz. Riz, I'm gonna need you to
make a DC 15 strength saving throw.

Murph: 4!

Emily: You do have a Bardic Inspiration that you never used. I know it won't
do anything, but...

Murph: I got a 4, yeah.

Brennan: Kalina--

Murph: And I'm down.

Brennan: Kalina kicks Riz off of the stairs. Riz goes 15 feet out over the
side of the staircase. The beginning of his turn he will fall. Kalina kicks,
she's gonna turn the rest of her attacks to Fig and Ayda. As she does so.
Ayda's gonna use her reaction to cast Shield which means that that attack
misses. Three of six hits, 11 damage to Ayda. That's a critical hit.

Lou: Oh, God.

Emily: On me?

Brennan: No, Ayda.

Emily: No!

Ally: Oh.

Emily: What happens though? I would think that, okay, so wouldn't a pit fiend
and their succubus be connected so I can Hellish Rebuke when someone attacks
my succubus?

Brennan: Kalina uses six of her attacks, Ayda drops. You see that Kalina goes,

Kalina: Night, girlfriend.

Brennan: Crack, and moves across Ayda's jaw. She collapses to the ground. You
see--

Emily: She didn't use six of her attacks, she used five 'cause she used one on
Riz.

Brennan: Yeah, she used five on Ayda and one on Riz, you see immediately
following that.

Zac: See if anyone, God damn it, yeah.

Brennan: And she is going to make one final attack against you, Fig. That is
actually a spell attack.

Emily: A spell attack? I can't Counterspell, I'm out of third level.

Brennan: And she misses, she goes—

Emily: (groans) I want her to hit me.

Brennan: She goes to like claw through your neck and The Infaethable Bass
comes up in front of her hand. That is—

Emily: Can I throw my body on top of Ayda?

Brennan: Yes you can.

Fig: No one else, everyone stay away.

Brennan: You throw your body on top of Ayda. Sandra Lynn walks up and draws
her bow fully back and goes,

Sandra Lynn: Fig, stand up.

Brennan: And hits you for 13 points of damage.

Emily: I'm still standing.

Brennan: Whew.

Fig: I'm doing fine down here, Mom.

Brennan: That is gonna be Fabian's turn.

Lou: I look to Gorgug and say,

Fabian: You've got this!

Gorgug: Sure!

Lou: And I would like to, can I if I ride Hangman catch Riz?

Brennan: If you ride The Hangman can you catch Riz? The Hangman can get you
part of the way up. It's going to be, how do you intend to try and get him?

Lou: I mean, he's falling out of the air, right?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely.

Lou: Can I ride The Hangman as far as I can up and then I'll Action Surge the
rest of the way to catch him and prevent him from taking falling damage.

Zac: If you don't wanna do that I can maybe do something.

Lou: Okay.

Zac: If it feels like you're gonna fall off or something.

Lou: Well, he's--

Ally: Yeah, I also have fly right now.

Lou: Okay, can other people get him?

Zac: Possibly.

Emily: Arrows are piercing damage, right?

Siobhan: Yeah.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Okay, the—

Zac: I don't know if I can get him this turn.

Lou: Well see, it's like, when you take falling damage he'll automatically
fail at least once, right?

Zac: You're down, down, right, Riz?

Murph: I'm at zero, I'm not dead, but I'm...

Emily: Yeah, but he will have to do saving throws.

Murph: I have a flying thing so I think if I'm conscious if somebody can heal
me even if I'm falling off a cliff I'm fine.

Siobhan: It would be nice for you to be in the fight, though.

Murph: Yeah, well I have a grappling thing. I can get myself back if somebody
can heal me from afar.

Ally: Cool.

Emily: I can, but I don't go till after your turn.

Ally: I can, yeah, I can. I can, yeah.

Murph: If somebody can grab me that's great 'cause then I don't have to use a
non-damage healing thing to get back, but if that's the option that's the
option.

Brennan: Fabian, The Hangman runs, the Treant gets a reaction, clobbers The
Hangman for 15 points of damage. Hangman is barely hanging on anymore, no pun
intended, but you are within, Riz is 40 feet away from you. Up the steps, but
40 feet away.

Lou: Yeah, I'm gonna, and that's with my taking a dash action.

Brennan: No, The Hangman gets you to within 40 feet and then you have all of
your movement and stuff left.

Murph: Sweet.

Lou: Okay, yeah, I'll take a dash action to be under and ready to catch Riz
should he need it.

Brennan: So he's falling, he's almost at the upper ledge. He's got like
100-foot fall. Are you gonna be underneath him and also falling?

Lou: Whoa, he's--

Murph: Or can you like grab me before I fall?

Lou: Yes.

Brennan: Kalina kicked you, you're like hanging in midair over the bottomless
drop.

Siobhan: Can you use your sheet?

Lou: Oh, so he's like, so he's fallen, oh. Can I cast Feather Fall on The
Ball?

Brennan: Can you cast Feather Fall on him?

Murph: I have Feather Fall essentially.

Lou: Okay. Oh, so he's been kicked off of a ledge not above me but even
further away from me, got it.

Brennan: You're on this long staircase going up. He was up at the top of the
steps and got kicked off so for you to be under in you'd have to be off the
staircase.

Lou: Jump off, okay. Well then I had pictured something slightly different in
my head. So unless I can literally throw my sheet to try and like grab him in
some way I may not be the guy for the job.

Brennan: If you, your sheet, [makes a considering noise] if you did a crazy
Acrobatics check I would let you try to grab him with the sheet.

Lou: I have advantage and plus 13. I'll do whatever crazy Acrobatics shit you
would ask of me.

Brennan: This is gonna be a DC 25 acrobatics. First of all five, 10, 15, so…
15 movement. Are you gonna use a bonus? So your speed only gets you 15 feet up
the steps. So you're 25 feet away from Riz having used your movement. How much
more movement are you using to get up?

Lou: I'll use an Action Surge to get within range.

Brennan: Hell yeah, you Action Surge. You have one action left, you are within
range. This is a DC 25 acrobatics check.

Lou: Great, here we go now, all right, first one 25?

Brennan: DC 25.

Lou: My guy, first roll is a 29!

Group cheers.

Siobhan: Roll to see if you crit.

Zac: Yes, yes!

Lou: I'll roll to see if I crit, why not? That's not a crit, that's not a crit
at all.

Siobhan: It worked the first time.

Brennan: Fabian. You leap from The Hangman. You see he says,

Hangman: Sire, go and save your Ball! I don't know why you like him, but he
matters to you it seems!

Fabian: Me neither, there's just something endearing about him.

Brennan: You rush up, you slide up the banister, lean off the side. Literally
just the tips of your fingers you whip the elven battle sheet and you can tell
it's not gonna be enough to get Riz. You concentrate, fire roils through the
sheet and the flaming elemental that disappeared in the sheet reaches the last
bit of distance, grabs Riz, plants a kiss on his cheek, folds him in the
blanket and you pull with all your might and snap him back to the stairs in
front of you.

Zac: And he flies off the other side.

[group laughing]

Siobhan: Yo-yo, full yo-yo.

Brennan: Incredible.

Zac: Full yo-yo?

Brennan: Fabian, that's your action, movement, and Action Surge unless you
have a bonus action.

Lou: I don't have a bonus action. I think that's true, I don't, yes.

Murph: Do you have spells as a bard, do you have?

Lou: I have spells—

Emily: You can give Bardic Inspiration. I think Riz already has some bardic
inspiration.

Murph: Do you have Healing Word?

Lou: I do not have Healing Word. Yeah, I do not, I apologize.

Murph: Could you swaddle me really quick?

Lou: Can I swaddle The Ball? Fully wrapped in like, fully in like a, like
entirely in sheet in my arms?

Siobhan: Oh, pretty baby.

Brennan: Incredible, you guys see at the end of Fabian's turn as Gorthalax
closes with the Nightmare King. The Nightmare King (gasps) (mimics explosion)
just shudders the very air and earth around it. And you see Gorthalax takes a
tremendous amount of necrotic damage.

Zac: Necrotic...

Emily: Is he still standing?

Brennan: He's still standing. He took 42 points of damage.

Emily: Okay, then that's a beautiful thing. That's resilience.

Brennan: Adaine.

Siobhan: Yes.

Brennan: The unicorn lowers its head and charges at you. I am going to need,
first of all it's going to make an attack. That is a hit.

Siobhan: Shield. I have to roll a Constitution roll to do a spell, right?

Brennan: Yes, roll a Constitution save, DC is 17.

Siobhan: I don't make it.

Brennan: The spell falters. You do not have disadvantage on this next save,
but I'm going to need another Constitution save from you.

Siobhan: 10.

Brennan: The unicorn lowers its head, charges, and Adaine, you look up and
see, (mimics blow landing) you feel its horn puncture the wall of the cottage
behind you, you are dead. Straight through your chest, the unicorn has fully
killed you.

Murph: Jesus.

Brennan: Riz Gukgak, I'm gonna need a death saving throw from you.

Murph: That's a 12.

Brennan: That's a success. Figueroth Faeth, you are up.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn and Kalina are both over you.

Emily: Okay, I don't care about them.

Fig: Kristen, do you have any Revivify?

Kristen: Yeah, I have the spot for it, I just need the..

Fig: The component, okay.

Kristen: Yeah.

Emily: So I am gonna bonus action second level Healing Word Ayda.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: So she gets, [drops her dice] oops. She gets 13 hit points and then I'm
going to cantrip Prestidigitation, try to make another diamond.

Brennan: Give me that same Performance check. What did we say the DC was last
time, was it 25?

Emily: I think it was 25.

Brennan: 25, yeah, go for it.

Emily: Wait, let me do the math—

Siobhan: Don't you have advantage on Performance when you're somebody else?

Emily: I have an advantage on Deception and Performance.

Brennan: Deception, not Performance.

Emily: Yeah, advantage on Deception and Performance.

Ally: Nice.

Emily: I think that's gonna make it. That's gonna be a 25 exactly.

Ally: Yay!

Brennan: Ooh, baby, you (exhales rapidly) Ayda comes to. You, create this gem,
bam, gem is—

Emily: Can I put it on the skateboard and send it down to Kristen?

Brennan: Kristen, you grab it.

Kristen: Whoa.

Siobhan: Right in the ankles.

Brennan: You see--

Emily: 'Cause I wanna stay here over Ayda and get in the way of other people
attacking.

Brennan: Aelwyn looks horrified as Adaine is gone. You see she… Aelwyn reaches
out a hand to the unicorn as it lowers its head and you see this scintillating
fractal of images surrounds her, pure Abjurative magic. (mimics small
explosions resounding) She says,

Aelwyn: [screaming] Get out of this world! (mimics explosion)

Brennan: And the unicorn is gone, banished. [snaps] The unicorn is fully
fucking banished. She is full weeping and collapses to the ground next to
Adaine, holding her in her arms as Ragh raises his glaive over his head to try
and kill Aelwyn. That is going to be, and Ragh's turn is next, fuck. Ragh is
gonna go now. Ragh rolled a 2 and a 7.

Emily: (laughs) Nice.

Brennan: Aelwyn casts Shield. He does not hit either time. And that's gonna be
Tracker.

Zac: Oh yeah, Tracker, oh God.

Brennan: Tracker grabs Ragh in a headlock. Goes,

Tracker: Ragh, Ragh, this is not you, it's not you!

Brennan: And Ragh collapses to his knees weeping (gasping) as the possession
fades from Ragh. Ragh is back in the game.

Ally: Yes!

Zac: Change of spell, oh cool.

Brennan: Tracker dispels on Ragh.

Emily: Yeah.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Kristen, that is your turn.

Ally: Okay, I'm not quite sure where I am in relation to everyone so feel free
to edit this as you need to, but I'm gonna run and I am going to Mass Healing
Word to Riz, Ayda, Adaine, who else needs it?

Siobhan: I'm dead so...

Emily: I think Adaine is fully dead.

Siobhan: Give it to somebody else, I'm not knocked down, I'm dead.

Murph: Fig is close to dead too, right.

Emily: Yeah, I am close to dead. You do have though, I sent you that diamond
to Revivify Adaine as well.

Ally: Oh, yeah.

Emily: But you know, who knows what the right—

Zac: How many spell slots do you have of that level?

Ally: I still have spell slots, yeah.

Zac: Okay.

Ally: I still totally do.

Brennan: So looking at, sorry, looking at Steps of the Brave. Cool, so you're
gonna try to get as far up the steps as you can basically, right? Or yeah, so
you're taking off. As you do so and your full movement, bonus action to fly,
full movement, ribbon dancing up the steps, beautiful. What's the range on
Mass Healing Word?

Ally: Oh.

Brennan: What are you casting?

Emily: 60 feet probably.

Ally: Yeah, that's what I'm trying to, it is 60 feet, yeah.

Brennan: 60 feet?

Ally: Yeah.

Brennan: You can hit, Adaine is just out of your reach but she's fully dead.
Everyone else is within your reach.

Emily: Awesome.

Brennan: Riz, Fabian, Aelwyn, Tracker all of them, everybody.

Ally: Okay, great. And then I'm going to cast Spirit Guardians.

Brennan: Can't cast two spells. So if you do Mass Healing Word, the other
one's gotta be a cantrip. But--

Ally: Okay, then I'll cast, I've been wanting to cast this, Toll pf the Dead
on, who's left?

Murph: Are you not gonna heal us?

Ally: Kristen's doing Mass Healing Word as a bonus action spell and then as a
cantrip.

Murph: Cool.

Brennan: I will say, you also, how many uses of Channel Divinity do you have,
I forget.

Emily: You probably have two.

Zac: It says it on your D&D Beyond.

Brennan: You have two, you also have that thing Twilight Sanctuary which is
also very good.

Ally: Oh, great, yeah, yeah. I also would love to use that, okay, cool. Let's
do, I'm not close enough to really cast Twilight Sanctuary on Adaine.

Emily: But you have a move with it.

Brennan: It moves with you and it's not concentration so it just stays there.

Ally: Done, baby, Twilight Sanctuary and Mass Healing Word, can I do that?

Brennan: You can do them both 'cause one's not a spell, absolutely.

Ally: Done, all right, everybody who got that gets 13 hit points from mass
healing.

Zac: Who gets it?

Emily: Ooh, thank you!

Zac: I'm generally okay if you want to give it to everyone else.

Ally: Okay, cool.

Zac: If you have it I would take it.

Emily: I think Kristen can hit everyone. Oh wait, oh, it's only six people.

Brennan: Six people, so who's—

Zac: Our NPCs I think.

Brennan: Fig is getting it.

Emily: Yeah, I think me and Ayda could use it.

Brennan: And then how much is that, Kristen, sorry again.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: 13, what are you at Fig?

Emily: Now I'm at 23 and Ayda should be at least more than that.

Brennan: She's at 26.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: And Riz is now back up at 13. Fabian's pretty close to good. So
that's one, two, three. Between Aelwyn, Tracker, The Hangman, or Gorgug who
are the other three you're gonna pick?

Ally: Probably The Hangman.

Brennan: Cool, yeah, he's hurting.

Ally: Bring him back up, yeah.

Brennan: So he's at 20 now. Tracker's at full and Ragh is at full. Aelwyn is
not at full.

Ally: Okay, well let's hit Gorgug and Aelwyn.

Brennan: Cool, and Gorgug you get another 13, baby.

Zac: Great.

Brennan: God, Mass Healing Word is very good.

Siobhan: Really good.

Lou: Very good.

Brennan: Okay, different rounds have made big, big fucking differences in
terms of the swings between you guys being on death's door and you guys coming
back up. This Healing Word brings everybody back up in one fell swoop. Kristen
continues to fly up. And the aura of the Twilight Sanctuary is so big that
actually already Riz and Fabian are within the aura—

Zac: What does that do?

Siobhan: What does it do?

Ally: When you end your turn there you either take a d8 of temporary hit
points or you can lose a charmed or frightened condition.

Lou: Oh, sick.

Siobhan: Great.

Brennan: Incredible. That is now going to be, that's Ayda, baby. Ayda looks
straight at Sandra Lynn. And on a natural 17 blasts the curse right off of
her.

Emily: Ooh!

Zac: Oh, yes.

Emily: Thanks.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn, weeping, collapses, horrified and looks at her—

Fig: Hey, we're cool Mom, we're cool. There was banter but we're cool.

Sandra Lynn only sobs.

Brennan: That is now going to be, that's Ayda's turn. After Ayda that is
Gorgug, that's you, baby. You're still down there with the centaur and the
treant.

Zac: Ugh, it sucks down here.

Emily: Were you near Kristen? 'Cause you could maybe try and take my
skateboard back up.

Zac: Can I get the skateboard? Has the skateboard rolled down past?

Emily: Yeah, I sent the skateboard down with the diamond.

Brennan: I'll let Gorgug grab the skateboard on the way down.

Ally: Yeah!

Zac: Look, should I just leave these guys? I feel like it's just almost a
waste of—

Emily: I think you're fine to do that.

Murph: I feel like we need to start getting rid of these big things like the
tree and stuff to hurt the Nightmare King.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Murph: 'Cause we're just getting absolutely owned.

Zac: Okay, I'm gonna take bonus action dash with that skateboard, right.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Bring it back to momma.

Zac: My movement's 40 so bonus action--

Brennan: Are you...

Zac: I'm taking an opportunity attack.

Brennan: Cool, yep, yep.

Emily: Wouldn't dash mean that they don't get an opportunity attack?

Brennan: That's disengage.

Zac: Disengage.

Emily: Sorry, I think you can. I think the skateboard, oh, nevermind, ignore
me.

Brennan: The centaur leaves you with 12 halved to 6. The treant is gonna give
you… [rolling damage]

Zac: You rolled a lot.

Brennan: 11 plus 6, 17 halved to 8, so 6 and then 8 damage to Gorgug.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: And so you can move, dash, and bonus dash with 40.

Zac: Can I get to Kalina and attack in one turn?

Brennan: No, you're way down here. So your speed is 40 so that's movement, 20,
and then five, 10, 15, 20. With a dash and with a movement and bonus dash
you're still a little ways away. You could cast Jump to remove difficult
terrain.

Zac: Yeah, I think I'm gonna Jump.

Murph: Nice.

Brennan: Cool, so you--

Zac: And that's my last spell shot, guys.

Brennan: You removed difficult terrain which means that you can move 100, and
so with movement and bonus action dash that is 80.

Zac: On a skateboard?

Brennan: Yes.

Siobhan: Bouncing up on a skateboard.

Lou: Sick ollies dude, incredible ollies.

Zac: Yeah, I mean, how far can I, can I get past Kalina then?

Brennan: No, you are way the fuck down, but you are 20 feet up so you have an
action left. You are right now about 20 feet away so you could keep going up
under this Jump spell if you wanted to, but in other words all the way to
Kalina. You'll have to use your action to dash if you want to get up in the
mix.

Zac: I'm 20 feet away from her, right?

Brennan: Yes, you are.

Zac: And I have an action left on top of Jump?

Brennan: On top of Jump, yes.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: Oh no, Jump is your action. Sorry, yeah, you're done.

Zac: I think so, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: And at the end of your turn go ahead and give yourself 1d8 temp HP,
go for it.

Zac: Great, where's a d8? Oh, 8.

Brennan: Woo, baby.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Hell yeah, got that temp HP. Okay, that is Gorgug's turn. That is
gonna be the Nightmare King.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: The Nightmare King casts Finger of Death on Gorthalax. [quietly
counts damage] Gorthalax is still standing.

Emily: Oh.

Brennan: Just taking the damn hits.

Emily: Yes!

Brennan: Gorthalax, yeah, boom, just takes this huge wallop from the Nightmare
King. You see he coughs up a bunch of fiery blood. He says,

Gorthalax: [wiping blood] Don't worry about me, kiddo. Worry about the curses,
I got this!

Fig: Pops, I'm worried about how to live up to what you're doing, that's the
only thing I'm worrying about.

Brennan: Hell yeah. This thing is gonna...

Zac: Adaine's still dead, right?

Siobhan: I'm super dead.

Lou: Oh, dead.

Emily: I don't have any Revivify, but there is a diamond in the mix.

Ally: I got it.

Lou: We got a diamond in the mix.

Emily: I can also make another diamond on my turn, but I feel like maybe I'll
try and do some damage to the tree.

Ally: Great.

Siobhan: Yeah, it's so susceptible to fire damage.

Murph: We gotta get Gorgug to that tree, too.

Zac: Yeah, I'm going straight to the tree.

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: We need to get Sandra Lynn and Ragh tinctured as well.

Zac: Sandra Lynn's good now.

Siobhan: No, she's, no, no, they still see Kalina.

Lou: They're unpossessed.

Siobhan: They're unpossessed, but they still see Kalina.

Lou: So they'll stop attacking us for now.

Zac: What if we just kill Kalina?

Emily: Yeah.

Siobhan: Or we just kill Kalina. But she might be less powerful if fewer
people can see her, I'm dead.

Brennan: You guys, Arianwen throws a—

Lou: Jesus.

Brennan: Fog of poisonous smoke on top of Tracker, Aelwyn, and Ragh, and
Adaine's dead body.

Siobhan: Jesus.

Murph: Jesus.

Brennan: Oh, sorry, scratch that, nix, sorry, cancel that. She's not gonna
cancel her flying spell which is concentration so she's gotta figure out
something else, baby. Ooh, Arianwen, you took too many concentration spells.
You gotta plan better.

Ally: Does she wanna borrow my teddy bear?

Lou: There you go.

Zac: Yeah, give the bad guy our teddy. (laughs)

Emily: Yeah. She can have my skateboard, too while we're at it.

Siobhan: Yeah, just take that slap bracelet off my wrist.

Lou: Would she like a pair of Sneakers of Dunking 'cause I think they'd look
great on her.

Ally: We just gear her out.

Zac: Take these headphones.

Emily: Arianwen's a bad guy.

Lou: Hey, what's up, Arianwen? We feel like you're kinda lacking.

Siobhan: Makeover.

Emily: Makeover.

Brennan: You see that Arianwen casts Ice Storm on her living daughter and the
people close to her.

Lou: Oh.

Zac: Christ.

Brennan: None of them go down, they all rolled very high on their saves but
they are each hurting. And that is going to be, that's Arianwen. That's
Gorthalax, baby.

Lou: My man taking the hits.

Siobhan: Fuck him up, dude, fuck him up dude.

Lou: Taking the hits.

Emily: Fuck 'em up.

Siobhan: Fuck 'em up.

Brennan: Ooh, baby.

Lou: Fuck 'em up.

Siobhan: No kings, no masters.

Brennan: He lays into the Nightmare King. Whoosh, whip on the arm, slashes
across the chest. The Nightmare King screams out in pain. And you see this
dumbass treant starts to waddle up the steps, slow as hell.

Lou: Fucking idiot, you idiot.

Murph: This tree dude sucks.

Siobhan: Fucking.

Emily: Fuck the tree.

Zac: Tree meets some stairs.

Brennan: That is going to be, that's back at Kalina now. But Riz is back with
the tie still going. She is looking hurt right now. She's gonna make some
attacks. She's gonna go for Riz.

Murph: Fuck.

Emily: Isn't Riz like down? Wouldn't she have to move pretty far?

Murph: Doesn't she have to move past, she would take opportunity attacks from
Ayda, Fig...

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Oh, you're right, she would--

Emily: Yeah, and also potentially my mom.

Murph: Yeah, 'cause I got thrown like 20 feet or something.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: 10...

Lou: If she does make it to Riz, I'll impose disadvantage on one of X many
attacks.

Siobhan: Battlemaster is very cool.

Emily: Yeah.

Lou: What's up guys, this is the new me. I take care of my friends.

Brennan: Kalina drops Sandra Lynn.

Murph: Fuck.

Brennan: And then you see, being fucked up by the camera, she casts
Invisibility on herself and vanishes. Fig and Ayda may both take melee attacks
with disadvantage as she moves away from you.

Emily: Okay.

Ally: Hey.

Emily: Huh.

Zac: Did you say something?

Brennan: Oh sorry, Fig, you can take an opportunity attack with disadvantage,
Kalina went invisible and ran away from you.

Emily: Okay, yeah, okay. There's nothing I can add to it. I just have to do a
straight up. Does a 15 hit?

Brennan: It does not.

Emily: Okay, then I miss.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn is at zero dying, Fabian, that's you.

Lou: Okay, can I make a Perception check for any sort, like if I wanted to
cast Faerie Fire on where I think Kalina might be—

Ally: You have a 20-foot cube.

Lou: Yeah, can I throw a 20, like can I make a Perception check to narrow the
range of where I think—

Brennan: Give me a Perception check.

Lou: That's gonna be a 24.

Ally: Yes.

Brennan: You see Arianwen looking towards the tree.

Lou: The tree?

Brennan: Yeah, the tree up on the ledge which could be where Kalina ran to.

Lou: Great, I'll hop on. (snaps fingers)

Brennan: Hangman's still, hold on. Five, 10, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40. Okay,
yeah, the Hangman can get you to like the edge of the ledge and now you have
your full movement left, you're past the stairs.

Murph: Do you mind bringing me 'cause I'm slow.

Lou: Of course, I take my swaddled Riz, unwrap him and we charge off, yeah.
Can I cast, I will cast Faerie Fire to try and light her up.

Brennan: Motes of sparks radiate out from your battle sheet. They land
covering Kalina's true form and outlining it. Her Invisibility vanishes
because Riz points in the direction of your Faerie Fire and you once again
watch as all these mirror images begin to get sucked into her as you hear the
notifications coming in on Gorgug's phone. Fabian, that is your action. You
have movement and bonus action left.

Lou: I think, can I, did the Hangman need to dash to get us there?

Brennan: Did Hangman need to, yes, Hangman needed to dash to get you there.

Lou: Okay, I can't attack so I think I'll just hop off The Hangman and just
move, like create space between Riz, Hangman, and myself.

Brennan: Okay. Do you wanna move towards the gaggle of people near the
cottage, do you want to move closer to the edge where Kalina and Arianwen are?
Where do you want to move to?

Lou: Yeah, I'll move closer to the edge.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: It's dangerous, but why not?

Brennan: Cool. The Nightmare King one again summons a burst of necrotic
energy, Gorthalax is starting to look hurt. Fabian, do you step forward to be
within five feet of Kalina or no?

Lou: Oh no, she can come to me.

[Emily snickers]

Brennan: Okay, gotcha. But you step forward, that's Fabian's turn. Oh, I have
to roll concentration for Aelwyn or the unicorn comes back. Aelwyn succeeds on
her concentration check. Riz, that's you, baby. Kalina is standing right in
front of you.

Murph: Sweet, do I get the sense that she would in addition to, I think I have
a way to hurt her and possibly display her image in other ways. Do I think
that would hurt her more?

Brennan: Yes, you do.

Murph: Sweet. I don't know if that piece of mirror that I had before broke or
not but I assume I have some kind of spy kit mirror. I know at one point I
used it to look around a corner.

Brennan: Yes, you do.

Murph: Dope, so I would like to be streaming the fight. I would like to object
interaction, take the mirror, take like a little hand mirror and toss it at
her and go to shoot through it at her to like hit her and create like a
shatter of reflections of her refracting.

Emily cheers and claps

Brennan: Oh my fucking God.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Incredible.

Siobhan: So cool.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Take a free Sleight of Hand. No action required, if you beat 20 I'll
give you advantage on the attack roll.

Emily: If someone dies do they still keep their Bardic Inspiration, 'cause I
gave Riz Bardic Inspiration that he's never used.

Brennan: You still have Bardic Inspiration, yes.

Murph: That is a 21.

Brennan: Yeah, baby.

Emily: Yes!

Brennan: You toss the mirror, take your dad's gun out, go for it. Roll with
advantage, baby.

Murph: Oh, yes.

Lou: Roll with advantage, baby.

Murph: That is a 29. [grins]

Group cheers.

Brennan: Oh my fucking God.

Lou: On the mirror?

Murph: Like through the mirror to hit her, but also to break the mirror.

Lou: Sick.

Emily: So there's many of her.

Murph: It's like shooting somebody through glass or something.

Emily: This is beautiful stuff.

Siobhan: This is the coolest thing I've ever heard.

Emily: I know!

Lou: Honestly this is a new Ball. Fabian has not seen this grappling hook
Ball.

Emily: This is a new Ball.

Siobhan: Cap is gone. We never wanna see that cap again.

Riz: Has anyone seen my hat?

Emily: Reborn.

Riz: It fell off.

Murph: So Murph, just to let you know.

Emily: Hot Riz was born.

Brennan: Kalina is under the effects of a Mirror Image spell. I am gonna let
you fully bypass that because of how fucking dope this mirror shit is. Go
ahead and roll damage, baby.

Emily: Mirrors negate mirrors.

Zac: They always say that.

Emily: They always say that.

Zac: They always say that.

Siobhan: They do, classic.

Zac: Literature.

Siobhan: Yeah. I think Oscar Wilde said that. It was Oscar Wilde's quote.

Emily: Yeah, uh-huh.

Murph: 21 damage.

Brennan: 21 damage, you see that that hurts Kalina, she is, hold on one
second, you said 21 damage?

Murph: Yes.

Brennan: Jesus, Kalina counts on not getting hit. You can see she can't take
hits that many times like that. She (screeches) hisses and you watch (mimics
wind howling) more images come back to her as again, you can tell the strain
of all the magic she's trying to do, she has a ton of passive abilities that
are not happening right now because you're streaming her.

Murph: Sweet.

Brennan: That is Riz's turn baby, any bonus actions?

Murph: Yes, I'm gonna hide. (laughs)

Brennan: Hell yeah, go ahead, go for it.

Emily: Can you hide with your tie still on her, though?

Murph: Can I, Brennan?

Brennan: Yes you can, absolutely.

Murph: Sweet.

Emily: Cool.

Zac: He's like a paparazzi.

Murph: That's only 19.

Siobhan: Papa-Riz-zi.

Brennan: Okay.

Zac: Papa-Riz-zi.

Lou: Papa-Riz-zi.

Emily: That's what it's called when you throw a mirror at someone and shoot
them, you're a papa-Riz-zi.

Brennan: Fig, that is gonna be you.

Emily: Okay, so if I wanna step into the video so that there's yet another
Kalina in there, and I'm wondering if I can angle Burning Hands so I hit the
tree at, what's your mom's name?

Siobhan: Arianwen.

Brennan: Arianwen.

Emily: Arianwen and Kalina. It's a 15-foot cone.

Brennan: You literally can just make it there, yes.

Ally: Yes!

Emily: [cackles] Okay, so I am gonna do that. It's not that much damage, but I
rolled really fucking well. So everyone takes 17 fire damage which means for
the tree it's 34.

Zac: Oh, yes.

Brennan: Are you fucking serious?

Emily: There is yet another Kalina in the frame.

Brennan: Oh my God, the tree is starting to look hurt. You see it's catching
fire right now.

Emily: Oh, they can do a Dexterity save but I'm guessing they can't.

Brennan: Normally—

Lou: How'd that tree do on that Dexterity saving throw? Please tell me.

Siobhan: Yeah, just at that tree.

Brennan: Oh my God, Kalina rolls a natural two. Normally she would have full
evasion, but under the light of that camera, baby, she is fucked up, she takes
the full, what is that 34 points of damage,

Emily: Oh sorry, 34 for the tree. It's only a first level burning hand so
it's—

Brennan: Gotcha.

Emily: But I rolled 6, 6, and a 5 so it's 17 damage for Arianwen and Kalina.

Brennan: Copy that.

Ally: Hell yeah.

Brennan: Oh sorry, Arianwen's out of there. She's many feet up in the air,
she's flying.

Emily: Okay, that's fine, Kalina and the tree, I'll do that. Kalina and the
tree.

Brennan: Hold on one second.

Siobhan: Our nemeses.

Emily: A wholesome book.

Brennan: Eight, it was that minus, and then you did 17 you said or how much?

Emily: I did 17. So then I just doubled it to 34 for the tree.

Brennan: Gotcha, perfect. Kalina looks hurt by that. Incredible guys. That is
Fig's turn. Aelwyn. Sorry, hold on one second.

Zac: I just gotta get to that tree.

Brennan: Gotta get to that tree. Aelwyn's gonna straight up just fucking toss
another Cone of Cold at her fucking mom.

All: Yeah.

Emily: She's just gotta.

Lou: Can't complain about that. You just gotta.

Zac: Not going to.

Brennan: And her mom's gonna roll to try and Counterspell it. And does, sadly,
blasts the spell out as Aelwyn hits her. Aelwyn shouts out to Tracker like,

Aelwyn: [desperately] My sister's, please do something!

Brennan: Ragh turns around fucking exhausted, but he goes,

Ragh: (pants) Okay, hoot, growl, hoot, growl!

Brennan: And starts to sprint at where Kalina is. He closes distance but is
not able to attack. Next after him is Tracker. Tracker, (humming) is going to,
she is going to actually cast Beacon of Hope. Everyone has advantage on Wisdom
saving throws and death saving throws, you regain max hit points from healing
within 30 feet of Tracker.

Siobhan: Oh, great.

Brennan: So that's aura of hope. And she is going to move across the ledge to
spread out across more people. That is now gonna go, that's Kristen Applebees,
baby!

Ally: Great, how can I close the distance between me and Kalina and be like 60
feet away from her?

Siobhan: Oh my God, please bring me back to life.

Ally: And Arianwen.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: Oh, Adaine is far away from where Kalina is right now so you can
either close with Adaine or close with Kalina.

Ally: Okay, I'm gonna close with Kalina, but I will go back for Adaine 'cause
also Tracker could help her.

Brennan: Tracker does not have Revivify.

Ally: Oh, okay, then yeah, nevermind, I'll go to Adaine and cast Revivify.

Siobhan: Thank you.

Brennan: Cool, you have that gem that Fig created. (mimics cracking) It
crushes.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You're once again out of gems.

Ally: Can I do Perception and see if Banishment would work on Kalina?

Brennan: Potentially, yes.

Emily: I think we have to destroy her though to break the curse.

Murph: She's pretty hurt right now I think.

Siobhan: Brennan, is Power Word Pain now gone from me since I died?

Brennan: Is Power Word Pain, yeah, I will say you died. Power Word Pain is
over.

Siobhan: Great. How about, it was like a short rest. Like I took a nice little
nap in Heaven.

Ally: Six, nine...

Brennan: Ayda—

Ally: I do a bonus Mass Healing Word. People get 15 points.

Brennan: Can't do two spells in a round, can't do Healing Word and Revivify.

Ally: Oh, right, right, right, okay, cool. Then I do bonus action Step of the
Brave.

Brennan: Cool, hell yeah. Ayda flies up behind Fig and she's gonna full
fireball the tree.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Actually you know what? Gorgug, you've left already. Ayda's gonna
hurl a fireball back down the staircase behind you.

Zac: Okay.

Brennan: To just blow this fucking treant up.

Zac: Can she hit both of 'em? The other guy's made of wood, too, right.

Brennan: Oh yeah, fuck yeah, good point.

Lou: Everybody made of wood.

Ally: One's like old ass wood.

Siobhan: Just dry, it's real dry.

Lou: Damn those old wood motherfuckers.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Three times.

Siobhan: Dusty.

Brennan: Okay, that treant is on death's fucking door and… Cool, that is
Ayda's turn. Gorgug, that's you baby.

Gorgug: You mind if I keep using this skateboard?

Fig: [giving permission] Yeah!

Zac: How far away am I from the tree?

Brennan: You're a little bit far from the tree still, but the skateboard would
let you get there with your action left.

Zac: Hell yeah, getting there with the action left. Okay, listen to this
shenanigan. What is the visual picture? The tree's here, the Nightmare King is
here, everyone else is over here, does that make sense?

Brennan: Yeah, as you're at the top of the stairs, the cottage to your left,
trees to your right, and straight ahead is the end of the cliff and the ocean
of mist which the Nightmare King is standing up in.

Zac: How big is this tree?

Brennan: This tree is about like, I don't know, about like 80 feet tall.

Zac: I don't know if this is tall enough, but I wanted to cut the tree down so
it fell on the Nightmare King.

[Emily and Ally laugh]

Brennan: It would definitely, 'cause the Nightmare King's only about 15 feet
away from the edge towering over you so the tree could collapse touching the
Nightmare King.

Zac: Sure, let's do that. I'm gonna take my two attacks that I can which are
max damage 'cause it's an object. So they're 45 damage each so that's 90
damage.

Brennan: Jesus. Oh my God.

Emily: Yeah!

Brennan: Cool, this thing only has an AC of 12 so just roll above a 12, on
your 2 attacks so just don't roll a nat 1.

Zac: Reckless.

Brennan: Cool.

Zac: Yeah, yeah.

Brennan: Gorgug, you rush up. This thing isn't going anywhere. (roars) Boom,
you sever into the base. As you do you look in the shower of gnarled, blood-
soaked wood, the tree collapses. Are you aiming it towards the Nightmare King
or no?

Zac: I do wanna aim, it, well, yeah, yeah.

Brennan: It collapses, you see the branches collapse into the chest.

Zac: And it lands on him?

Brennan: Yeah, it's like, the Nightmare King is fighting Gorthalax.

Zac: We got a bridge, baby.

Brennan: You've built a bridge, basically, in the shower of woods a sudden
barbarian instinct tells you to reach out. You snap your hand out and grab an
ancient broomstick buried in the heart of the tree, you are holding the broom.

Zac: Can I just, wait, I'll break it. [mimes snapping something]

Brennan: Awesome.

Zac: The curse.

Emily: You fly. (laughs)

Brennan: That is Gorgug's turn. That is the Nightmare King.

Emily: Did you have time in your turn to break the broomstick?

Zac: Uh, I don’t know— Brennan—

Emily: Oh wait, the curse is broken, right, that's what it means.

Brennan: No, yeah, breaking the broomstick will not necessarily break the
curse. You gotta hit it with a Dispel Magic to do that.

Emily: I see.

Brennan: But you have Tracker and Ayda and other people do have slots left.
Three times four is 12 so 32.

Lou: What are you doing, Brennan? What's all this math you're doing?

Brennan: The Nightmare King points a finger at Gorthalax and extinguishes the
fire within him. He begins to fall into the mist.

Emily groans.

Brennan: He is fully gone. That is going to be, that's on everything's turn.
That is now going to be Adaine's turn.

Siobhan: Okay, this is a crazy thing to do in the middle of a battle.

Brennan: Love it. Love where we're at already.

Siobhan: The final trans-substantiation is the name. Fabian has the spell
book, right?

Brennan: You've already disenchanted the spellbook. You've already
disenchanted the cottage.

Siobhan: But we have the spellbook, it's just disenchanted.

Brennan: That's correct, yes?

Siobhan: Can I Mage Hand the book from Fabian?

Brennan: Yeah, absolutely.

Siobhan: And look in the book and see this final spell that The Unnamed
Goddess did to rename herself?

Brennan: Yes, absolutely you can. You mage hand the book, go ahead and give me
Arcana.

Siobhan: Great. That is a 26.

Brennan: You mage hand the book. (exhales sharply) Go through it. You are
looking through this goddess's spell book. It is impossible divine magic. You
see on a page a young woman with her hair in a ponytail holding a curved
shepherd's staff in the shape of a question mark. And you see that behind her
is a face that half of it is a skull and the other half is the face of a long-
haired witch-looking woman. That's Adaine's—

Adaine: Kristen, I think that you can do it, you need to look at this book.

Brennan: Incredible, you mage hand, you've gotten the book. You do your arcana
check you boom, find this thing and hold it up, Kristen's right next to you.
Kristen you look at this, and we'll get to it on your turn.

Ally: Okay.

Brennan: Arianwen is going to go. She is going to cast another Ice Storm. This
time I'm gonna need Dexterity saving throws from Fig, Fabian, Gorgug, and Riz.

Zac: Dex saving throws?

Brennan: I'm gonna need Dex saving throws from Fig, Fabian, Gorgug, and Riz.

Murph: Even though I'm hidden?

Brennan: Even though you're hidden. She doesn't know she's hitting you, but
she's hitting you.

Zac: I got a 9.

Lou: 16.

Emily: 23.

Murph: 18.

Emily: You know what? I'm gonna maybe go ahead and give myself disadvantage so
that Arianwen would have disadvantage on something I did against her.

Brennan: Go for it.

Emily: Luck point. Okay.

Ally: This is Aelwyn, right?

Brennan: This is Arianwen.

Siobhan: Arianwen.

Ally: Oh, okay.

Emily: Okay, I got 16.

Brennan: The DC was 15. If you succeeded, so 15 was the save. If you got 7...
so you either take 14 cold damage or 7 cold damage depending on if you
succeeded or failed, and you take 9 or 4 piercing damage if you succeed or
fail.

Zac: I would take 4.

Brennan: And that's halved for Gorgug. Yes.

Murph: And I take none because I'm a rogue, Evasion, right?

Brennan: Yes, yes, yes, yes, absolutely.

Murph: Sweet. What was the DC on the check? I got an 18.

Siobhan: Made it.

Murph: Okay, cool.

Ally: 15.

[heroic music turns darker and evil-er]

Brennan: Yes, you made it. You see, badda boom. That's gonna be Kalina, baby.
Kalina is going to make her attacks. She steps forward.

Lou: (sighs) Man oh man.

Brennan: Ragh goes down, bam.

Murph: No!

Brennan: And Fig, how much are you at right now, Fig?

Emily: I'm at 12.

Brennan: You take 8 points of damage.

Emily: Okay. I think I'm going to then Hellish Rebuke.

Brennan: Oh hell yeah, awesome.

Emily: So Kalina takes 8 fire damage.

Brennan: Woo, baby.

Lou: Hell yes.

Fig: You hurt me, I hurt you.

Brennan: Okay. It's gonna be Fabian's turn.

Lou: Oh, okay. I guess I'll attack Kalina.

Brennan: Hell yeah. Go for it, roll your attacks.

Lou: First, go ahead.

Brennan: By the way, Sandra Lynn ices the centaur, destroyed.

Siobhan: Great.

Murph: Nice.

Lou: Fuck yeah.

Fig: Welcome to the club, Mom.

Lou: First one is a 28.

Brennan: 28, definitely hits, she doesn't have any of her cool shit that she
can do right now.

Lou: Great.

Brennan: But you do have to get past the Mirror Images so—

Lou: If I wanna do like Bardic and like Battlemaster stuff do I have to make
those decisions before I know if I'm actually hitting her or after?

[music turns to tense, adventurous battle music again]

Brennan: No, that's on a hit.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: So I'm gonna need you to roll, go ahead, you must, okay, so she's
gotta roll.

Lou: Okay.

Brennan: She fails, you hit the real Kalina even with all of her Mirror
Images, do it up, baby.

Lou: So I'll burn a second level spell slot, my last spell slot for 2d6 for
Fandrangor. I'll make it another d6 for Defensive Flourish, and then a d8 for
a Goading Attack. She needs to make a Wisdom saving throw DC 17.

Brennan: She fails that saving throw.

Lou: Great, if she attacks anyone but me she has disadvantage.

Brennan: [rubbing his hands together] Oh my God.

Emily: Ooh, that's good.

Siobhan: So good.

Lou: And then we'll do, oh, but an awful roll. 1, 2, 9, 11, 11 plus 15 plus 9.
15 plus 9… Uh, 24 for the first attack.

Brennan: Incredible.

Lou: And then I'll roll to hit a second time.

Brennan: Cool.

Lou: That's gonna be a 23 to hit.

Brennan: You destroy one of her duplicate images. (mimics explosion
resounding)

Lou: Great.

Brennan: Incredible.

Lou: Oh, and my AC from that first time, my AC is now 23.

Brennan: Awesome, it's also The Hangman's turn.

Lou: The Hangman, can I roll to see if he gets his breath weapon back?

Brennan: Yeah, go ahead and roll for it baby.

Lou: What do I need to roll, 5 or 6? That's a 5, yeah, let's let this Hangman,
let this Hangman breathe on this cat.

(group laughing)

Lou: Let this Hangman, let this dog breathe on this cat.

Emily: Dogs beat cats, dogs beat cats.

Lou: Dog beat cat.

Zac: Hangmans are a thing, cats are a thing.

Brennan: The Hangman can get the tree in there too as well.

Siobhan: Is the tree down?

Brennan: The tree's down, I'm wrong.

Siobhan: Can it go like angle up to Arianwen?

Brennan: No, unfortunately not, cool, Hangman comes and--

Fig: I think I got a plan for your mom, Adaine.

Brennan: Go ahead and roll attack, sorry.

Lou: What’s the breath weapon?

Brennan: For The Hangman it's just 6d6.

Lou: Hell yes.

Zac: “Just” 6d6.

Lou: Just sees nothing but 6d6. Just even more trash, 8, 9, 13, 17 points of
damage. I'm assuming fire.

Brennan: Yes. Kalina is still up, but she is now looking panicked. Riz, that's
you, baby.

Murph: Sweet, I'm going to, I was hidden, I'm going to attack from hiding with
my gun. That is a 22 to hit Kalina.

Brennan: We're gonna roll for Mirror Image.

Murph: Did the fire hit Mirror Image?

Brennan: The fire did not, but she just rolled a natural 1. You hit the real
Kalina.

[Emily cheers]

Murph: Yeah. Okay, one, two, three, four.

Ally: Yes, Sneak Attack!

Zac: Come on.

Lou: Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Siobhan: Yeah, so crunchy, so many dice, jeez.

Murph: Okay, okay, this is better than last time.

Lou: Ooh, yes it is.

Murph: 31.

Lou: Oh, daddy.

Siobhan: Yeah.

Brennan: Riz, you take your gun. Fig, Fabian, you are standing on either side
of Kalina. Ragh has just dropped, Fig, you kneecap with the sharp part of The
Infaethable Bass. Fabian, you parry her chin up with the point of your blade
exposing her whole chest. The images flicker. Riz, Kalina who has been with
you your entire life, makes eye contact.

Kalina: Kid, it doesn't have to be this way.

Brennan: Riz.

Riz: Mission accomplished, Dad.

Riz shoots her point-blank.

Group laughs.

Brennan: Oh baby, boom!

Lou: Yes, yes!

Brennan: Kalina flickers and is fucking gone. Defeated Kalina, Jesus.

Zac: Is the spell gone, is the curse gone?

Siobhan: We have to dispel.

Brennan: It doesn't look like the curse is gone, but Fig, that's your turn.

Fig: Okay, Adaine, how would you feel if I potentially killed your mom?

Adaine: I would be honored.

Emily: Okay. I would like to use my final spell, Phantasmal Force, and since
it crafts an illusion in her mind, but since illusions are real I would like
to make her think her heart has stopped beating. And because I took
disadvantage she has disadvantage on the roll and I have one last Bardic
Inspiration so I will use Cutting Words if I need to.

Brennan: Okay.

Emily: Would this, 'cause I have other things I could do if like the idea, if
the illusion that her heart has stopped beating and that—

Brennan: No, no, I fucking love this, okay.

Emily: Is that real here?

Siobhan: Just in the interest of fairness she is an elf and so has advantage
on charm so she'd just be rolling flat.

Brennan: Yes, so she's rolling flat.

Emily: It's not even a Charisma save though.

Siobhan: I just don't want people to get in the comments.

Emily: It's an intelligence save, I don't think this is charming.

Siobhan: It's an enchantment spell. Isn't it an enchantment spell?

Murph: Is that the same as charm?

Brennan: No, wait, unless it applies the charmed condition.

Emily: Yeah, it doesn't say charmed.

Siobhan: Oh, then.

Brennan: Yeah, bingo bango.

Lou: Bingo bango.

Siobhan: Wow, bingo bango baby.

Zac: Bingo Bango.

Emily: It just crafts an illusion.

Brennan: So that's disadvantage. She's gonna roll, real quick though she is,
okay, so what level spell is this?

Emily: This is just a second level spell.

Brennan: Well hell yeah, but guess what, Ayda's up here now. So when Arianwen
Counterspells it Ayda Counterspells that Counterspell.

(group cheering)

Brennan: She's gonna roll right now. She rolled a natural 18 and a natural 4.

Emily: Okay, then I think we're gonna have to go with the 4.

Brennan: So Phantasmal Force of her heart stopping. I'm going to roll a flat
Constitution saving throw for her.

Emily: Okay.

Brennan: Because you are using a spell to be basically like an instant kill
effect here. How much damage does Phantasmal Force normally do?

Emily: How much damage would be... each round on your turn it can deal 1d6
psychic damage.

Brennan: Gotcha, okay.

Emily: I mean, if this isn't gonna kill her I can also just make her think she
has no magic anymore and that would also be tragic.

Brennan: Oh shit, yeah, I don't think it can kill her.

Murph: That would make her stop flying.

Emily: Okay, in that case I'm just gonna make her think that her magic is done
and then she can just plummet and think she has no magic.

Brennan: Arianwen collapses to the ground, takes 12 points of falling damage
and begins to weep hysterically. She turns and raises her hands to the
Nightmare King and says,

Arianwen: [panting] Monarch of nightmares, I have restored you. Please, answer
my call, heed my request. Lay low these who would attempt to stop you!

Brennan: And so that was Fig's turn. Any bonus actions from Fig?

Emily: No, I don't have my skateboard. Yeah, I think that's all I can do. I'm
saving my one last Bardic since I didn't use it there.

Brennan: Aelwyn, you see that Aelwyn looks at the Kalina mist, hits it with a
Dispel Magic, breaks the third and immediately after Ragh makes a death saving
throw. And immediately after him Tracker goes. Tracker yells out to you,
Gorgug, and says,

Tracker: Gorgug, hold the broom up!

Brennan: (mimics explosion) The broom breaks. All four lesser trans-
substantiations are gone. In the book, Kristen, it is your turn, you see the
image. The last trans-substantiation changed the goddess's name into a crown,
the last thing you need is currently up above you in the sky atop this giant.

Emily gasps.

Brennan: Make a Religion check for me.

Ally looks up and smiles.

Brennan: Are you kidding, are you kidding me?

Ally turns their camera down to show their die, which has rolled a nat 20.

Brennan: [so loud it peaks his mic] What the fuck? Every season!

The players laugh and cheer. Brennan stares in silent shock, his eyes darting
back and forth, his hands up to his face.

Ally: Nat 20! [readjusting their camera to face them, they punch the air]

Murph: So spicy.

Zac: How does this?

Lou: How, how?

Siobhan: Magic!

Murph: So spicy.

Emily: Oh, wow.

Siobhan: Just magic.

Lou: Magic is real, period.

Zac: How does this keep happening?

Murph: Ally is magic, magic is real.

Emily: Ally is magic.

Murph: Extra spicy.

Zac: Ally's magic.

Emily: Magic is real and so is my Ally.

Zac: Saint Kristen Applebees.

Emily: Saint Kristen Applebees.

Brennan: Saint Kristen Applebees. You look around at your friends. You, I,
hold on, this is so wild.

Zac: I think you should just start planning for this.

Siobhan: Yeah, maybe you should just cry now. Just cry now, Brennan, ‘cause we
won.

Lou: Brennan, don't cry. That's too easy, I want it worse. I don't want you to
sleep tonight, that's what I want.

Brennan: You, you look out, I actually don't, I don't know what to do.

(group laughing)

Ally: I wish we were all in the same room so we could run around and film you.

Lou: I would be doing laps, I'd be doing laps around the dome right now.

(group members cheering)

Brennan: You look and see this image. Kristen, it's never made sense. What is
the Nightmare King? Everything you've studied about Sylvaire has always been
about The Unnamed Goddess. It's always been The Unnamed Goddess, her trans-
substantiations. She turned her name into a crown. Who is this Nightmare King?
Galicaea told you that the Nightmare King killed her sister, but Galicaea lied
about a bunch of stuff to you. Where did the Nightmare King come from? What is
all of this? You recall being on the prow of The Goldenrod and Kalvaxus saying
he never heard the Nightmare King talk and nobody ever heard the Nightmare
King speak. And no one ever really knew anything about him. You're looking at
this image of the woman whose face is half skull and half this and a picture
of what is clearly you standing in front. What is going through Kristen's mind
right now?

Ally: Wait, what?

Brennan: What is going through Kristen's mind right now? What are you
thinking? You're like, where did the Nightmare King come into this? All we've
been hearing about is this Unnamed Goddess, Unnamed Goddess, all these tricks,
all these things, all this stuff, we know that they destroyed the goddess and
then the Nightmare King rose up, where is it? Like, where—

Zac: Did you say Kristen was in the book?

Ally: Yeah, that's my question, am I in the photo?

Brennan: The young woman that is the saint. So the image is a girl--

Ally: It's me holding my staff.

Brennan: It's you holding your staff in front of a giant crowned face that is
half dead skull half a long-haired witch-like woman.

Ally: Are my bones 600 years old for real? I mean, I don't know.

Brennan: Who do you think that, Kristen reckons like, who could the Nightmare
King be? Why would there be no story about him? Why would he just have come
out of thin air? And Kristen has to ask herself, if the Nightmare King didn't
just come out of thin air what could the Nightmare King's origin have been
based on the story you already know thus far? Is there something that the
Nightmare King could have been before he was the Nightmare King? You see the
Nightmare King as tall as a mountain, the lightning of the storm flashes
around you. It strikes the Nightmare King's body. And this is not the first
time you have seen a skeleton taller than mountains made—

Ally: It's the woman? It's the God?

[the music stops]

Brennan: Kristen, Kristen, you begin to float through the air. You move in the
direction of the Nightmare King as the Nightmare King raises their hand aloft
to answer Arianwen's call. What I need to know from you now is this. You have
never seen anything in your life more terrifying than the monster you now
behold. There is an inkling in your mind that what you have just said is true.
I am going to write something down on a piece of paper.

Brennan leans off camera to grab a notebook.

Lou: You want us all to close our screens?

Brennan: No.

Lou: So that we can't see it.

Brennan: I don't want you to—

Zac: In the meantime I'm just gonna guess names so John.

Siobhan: Brian.

Zac: Kevin, Lucy.

Siobhan: Martin.

Lou: [rolling his r’s] Ricardo!

Siobhan: Oh.

Zac: Rebecca.

Lou: Pauline.

Siobhan: Daiya.

Lou: Dancy.

Emily: Ooh, Dancy. I also think Dancy.

Zac: Michael Trapp.

Emily: He's gonna write down Dancy.

Ally: How'd it be Dancy?

Emily: Emily Axford I think. My guess is Emily Axford.

Siobhan: Oh my goodness. Betrayer in the party this whole time.

(group laughing)

Lou: I like that on Emily's banner we can just see the snarl.

This refers to Emily’s camera, which has a poster of Fig behind her that only
shows a couple of Fig’s bottom pointy teeth.

Emily: I know, I tried to get it in, but...

Siobhan: We have opposite parts of our...

Emily: Yeah, you're in the front of her mouth.

Siobhan’s head is blocking the photo of Adaine’s mouth.

Brennan: You have a choice right now. Roll me an Insight check.

Ally: Okay, that's pretty good. Hey, that is a 28.

Brennan: If you are wrong and you move to embrace the Nightmare King, Kristen
Applebees will face oblivion. Not death, no chance of resurrection, gone. If
your guess is right something else will happen. The realness of fear, fear
that you are wrong in this guess is front and center in your mind, but there
is a possibility that you are right. I have written down what will happen if
you attempt to move in the direction of this divinity based on what you have
gleaned from the book. Does Kristen choose to stay and remain safe here on the
ledge or do you move in the direction of the Nightmare King?

Ally: I think I ... I'm still able to fly, right?

Brennan: Absolutely.

Ally: Okay, I say,

Kristen: What's your name, you who I praise?

Ally: And I fly out, full hands out, just holding my staff going like this.

Ally holds their hands up into the air.

Emily: ♪ Hallelujah ♪

Brennan: You guys watch Kristen just straight up start praying to the
Nightmare King. Hold on one second.

Riz: She's under his spell!

Zac: Then Gorgug starts running at the tree.

Fig: Kalina got to her!

Lou: Yeah.

Brennan: Hold on one second everybody, sorry.

[soft, divine music]

Brennan: Kristen, you fly towards the Nightmare King. Let's see if you chose
right.

Brennan holds up a piece of paper that says ‘FEAR IS NOT REAL’.

Brennan: Fear is not real. You move and fly. Tracker cries out, time seems to
stop. The Nightmare King is about to cast Circle of Death, which would hit
everybody on the ledge and do enough damage to drop almost everyone in the
party. Kristen, you move towards the Nightmare King. All of you watch Kristen
vanish into the chest of the Nightmare King and disappear in fluttering robes.
Kristen, you are gone from this fight. And all of you up on the ledge, the
fight is all but a foregone, you guys were so close to dying so many times,
you look. All that's left is Arianwen. I believe everybody is up. Sandra Lynn
puts the last arrows into the treant. Ragh is making death saves and is able
to be healed. The only person now who is still in danger, incredibly, this
fight was impossible and you have emerged victorious. The only person who is
left is Gorthalax, falling through air and he's already so far away and he's
headed towards the mist. Kristen moves as all of you surround Arianwen and
face the Nightmare King who is raising up to completely destroy you all. And
Kristen, you are in inky darkness. You sense around you and you say, "What is
your name?" Something small and scared is in here. And you reach out and there
is a humanoid figure that looks like it is made of, it looks like if you had
sculpted someone from living glass, but reflected in that glass was a starry
sky. And not full of stars, just a few, just a few points of light in all of
the darkness. And you see that it is crouched, hugging its knees to its chin,
looking weak and sad and alone. What does Kristen do?

Ally: I think I walk up and I say,

Kristen: Hi, are you okay?

Brennan: The being looks up and you see that they look up at you and say,

Deity: [softly] Am I really here? I've, I'm, I'm still out there I think, but
I'm in here, too. What do you know about me?

Kristen: I don't know a lot, I know that you were getting hit with some
lightning and I know that you represent something that a lot of people are
afraid of, and so they've tried to destroy you or destroy the memory of you,
but I know that I would follow you. Is it too early for that? This feels like
a weird first date. (laughs) But I would follow you.

Brennan: As you say that, you see this being stands up and is just about your
height.

Ally: 5'9''?

Brennan: Yeah, about 5'9''.

Ally: Cool.

Brennan: You see that they look and say,

Deity: [haltingly] What is it—? I-I... well if you want to follow me, then I
wanna, then I wanna take care of you. Everyone who followed me before, they
hurt me. And I hurt you too, I think, and I'm sorry. I'm sorry, you reached
out with praise for me and I, I couldn't believe it and I thought you were
just trying to hurt me, too.

Kristen: Well, I'm not. I'm here wholehearted and I'm not— I'm just ready to
say I don't know and that's okay. IDK and that's okay.

Brennan: You see that the being stands up and laughs. And you see they say,

Deity: It's okay not to know, IDK. What were the things that I provided that
you were interested in? You liked doubt and not knowing and the nighttime and
magic and mystery and dreams. Is that something the world still needs? I
don't...

Brennan: You see that they make themselves kind of smaller again and go like,

Deity: I don't, I don't wanna bother anyone if I'm offering something that
nobody wants. But if someone wanted that I would be happy to give that.

Kristen: Definitely, definitely people want that. There are too many people
with all the answers. You're extremely important.

(warm instrumental music)

Brennan: You see they look and say,

Deity: Then if people want to believe in the nighttime and that you can stand
in the woods alone in the dark and not have to be afraid, because you're
united there with everything else that's in the night there with you and that
the world is a mystery, and that's beautiful. I would be happy to do that.
What's your name?

Kristen: My name is Kristen Applebees and I don't like this shirt anymore.
(laughs)

Deity: Oh, oh! Well, I think I'm some kind of, I think I'm some kind of god
again. I'm not a very good god, I only have one follower, but she's a really
great follower.

Kristen: Thanks, yeah.

Deity: I think I can change that.

Brennan: And you see, (mimics explosion) a star-blasted, black, indigo, purple
and white tie-dye shirt that just has the letters IDK on it. In like a very
swirly script appears on Kristen Applebees. You see—

Kristen: Sick.

Brennan: You see that the deity says,

Deity: Um, okay. Well, that's not a bad miracle to get started. What else do
people need, what else does the world want?

Kristen: All my friends are about to die.

Deity: Oh.

Kristen: So that would be a cool miracle is to— Wait, are we inside of you,
like an evil you or what's—

Deity: Oh, uh, no, so I, I'm a third thing because for a very long time I
remember being who my big sister told me I had to be. And I don't really feel
like that person. That person was destroyed, her name was destroyed. And I'm
not really the Nightmare King either. That's just something people called me
because I was frightening and scary. And also because I think people just
default skeletons to male, you know, like you see a skeleton,and it's actually
a huge problem in archeology. There's a bias to just look at a skeleton and be
like, "that's clearly a king,” and I'm like, I'm wearing my old robe and a
crown, I'm just a skeleton.

Kristen: Whoa.

Deity: But I don't, I don't feel like either of those people really anymore,
and neither of those, I didn't really feel like a Nightmare King when I was a
Nightmare King and even when I was, even before things never felt quite right.
Uh, I can save your friends, I can save your friends. Um, what should I be
now?

Kristen: We have so much in common. (laughs)

Deity: Oh good! Okay, good.

Brennan: You see that the new deity, they create like a shirt on themselves
that's sort of like a tie-dyed shirt as well. They create some shorts on
themselves but are still like this glass presence. It's hard to see their
facial expressions and everything.

Kristen: Wow, me and my God figuring it out together, that's great.

Deity: Yeah. What would you, what should I be and what should, What do you
wanna call me?

Kristen: Whoa. I mean, personally I've just been referring to you in my mind
as the great mystery, but that does sound a little bit like a traveling
sleight of hand magic act. So it could be something else if you want.

Deity: Sure, um, my old name was destroyed. Do you have a new, is there, what
sort of names do people want their gods to have now?

Kristen: Oh, whoa. (laughs) I don't know. You mean, just like a normal
person's name?

The deity shrugs expansively.

Kristen: (laughs) I mean obviously Cassandra.

Brennan mimes a small explosion.

Zac: Oh my God. Um, obviously.

Emily: So obvious.

Brennan: You see that Cassandra looks at you and they say—

Siobhan: They've done it again.

Brennan: You see they say,

Cassandra: I like the name Cassandra, if you like it.

Kristen: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that the deity says,

Cassandra: Okay, okay, it's time to help your friends, I think. I'm gonna
bring you back out to the world now.

Brennan: Everybody out on the ledge, all of you look and see the Nightmare
King shudder, stop, and buckle down and the massive crown tumbles, shrinks in
size, and clatters onto the ledge in front of you all. Arianwen's eyes go
wide. As Arianwen's eyes go wide you see that Kristen appears at the edge of
the ledge out of one of the curled, bony hands that starts to change and
become this glass nighttime star-filled thing. The robes fade off of this
giant shape. You see that the being reaches down to the mist, stands up, and
you are now seeing, as tall as a mountain, this new deity made of pure, glassy
night wearing this giant new tie-dyed T-shirt. And you see in its massive
hand... they lay Gorthalax down on the ledge, reach out a finger, and looks
over at Kristen and they say,

Cassandra: I am Cassandra. I am the Divinity of Mystery, and life and death
are all beyond our understanding. All rules may in their time be broken, and I
say let this be reversed.

Brennan: They touch their finger to Gorthalax's chest and Gorthalax, (gasps
and roars)

Emily: [in relief] Oh!

Brennan: Comes back. And Cassandra looks out at all of you. How is Kristen
feeling about their new deity at this point?

Ally: Absolutely insane, I love this so much.

Kristen: Cassandra, we gotta get back 'cause we're long overdue on spring
break, but you're coming with us. You're gonna come see Solace and you're
gonna love it. Oh, I want to introduce Tracker, obviously.

Brennan: Tracker stares up like unbelieving. You see that Aelwyn's banishment
finishes. The great unicorn has been cast into oblivion. Arianwen is bound and
gagged here. She is like fully defeated here. You see the Nightmare Tree
tumbles away. Against all of the odds you are all still here. What do all of
you do as you look up at this towering deity where the Nightmare King was just
standing?

[swelling, warm, orchestral music]

Siobhan: I kneel.

Gorgug: Are we cool?

Fig: You okay, Kristen?

Fabian: Yeah Kristen, did you do the thing you did before where there's just
like a new?

Fig: The tie-dye makes it seems like you had something to do with this.

Adaine: Yeah, the T-shirt is very cool.

Kristen: I'm totally, yeah, I got a lot of my answers which turned out to be
zero answers in a good way.

Fabian: So is this the Nightmare King?

Kristen: (laughs) This isn't the Nightmare King, this is Cassandra.

Fabian: Oh.

Fig: Cassandra.

Kristen: My new God, Cassandra.

Fabian: My apologies.

Fig: Cassandra.

Brennan: You watch Cassandra smile. They look at all of you and say,

Cassandra: You've all been very hurt in my forest. I wanna make that better.

Brennan: All of you are immediately healed to full. All levels of exhaustion
are gone. All spell slots returned, made whole. And you see in a blast of
magic The Hangman as a motorcycle, (mimics motor revving) appears again and
The Hangman goes,

Hangman: Yes, yes, once again I am a motorcycle!

Fabian: Both forms, very cool, but of course, I mean, it'll be good to hit the
road again.

Emily: Is Gilear restored to his pride armor?

Brennan: Gilear is not restored to his pride armor, but you see that Baxter
and Gilear land. And Cassandra beholds all of you. They put their face down
near the ledge and smile and they say,

Cassandra: Are all of you, um, the beloved of the blessed saint who has
brought me here into this new age and new life?

Gorgug: I'm not sure that I can say that I am beloved by someone else.

Adaine: Yeah, I mean, I'm not gonna call her a blessed saint to her face.

Fig: I also don't, I don't know I have the confidence to just claim I'm
beloved by someone I haven't talked about it with.

Riz: Kristen is my bud.

Kristen: I love them all.

Riz: And Kristen is a saint.

Kristen: I love them all, Riz the most, we already knew this. Adaine has my
finger in her pocket.

Adaine: I did, I did have your finger in my pocket.

Kristen: But these are all my best friends.

Brennan: Cassandra smiles and says,

Cassandra: Well, I think it's high time that all of you were on your way.

Brennan: You see they look down at the crown at the final trans-
substantiation, point their finger at it. (mimics explosion) Break it and you
guys are looking at a disenchanted crown of The Nightmare King.

Fabian: Wait, we still need the crown for our grade, so please don't like
fully.

Emily: It's still there. It's still there, it's disenchanted.

Gorgug: Almighty Cassandra, almighty Cassandra.

Ally: Prestidigitation, somebody clean it up.

Emily: Yeah, I'm gonna clean it up.

Gorgug: Cassandra, may we have this?

Brennan: Cassandra looks and smiles and looks at Kristen.

Fig: We've got one strong enough to bear it,

Emily: And I push Gilear forward.

Brennan: Gilear says,

Gilear: Um, hello Divinity, I am Gilear Faeth, a counselor to, former, I'm an
assistant. I would be happy to escort your crown. Also, I was in some armor
earlier and badly chapped certain parts of my body. The healing has not seemed
to get the job all the way done, but—

Riz: Gilear, that's such a bad way to describe it. Just take the—

Gorgug: I cast Spare the Dying.

Gilear: Oh, very well, yes, yes, very well.

Brennan: Cassandra picks up the crown and puts it in Gilear's hands. He bows
and you see Cassandra looks at Arianwen and says,

Cassandra: This woman is not of your number. She was here to attempt to
control me in my hurt and shattered state, is that correct?

Adaine: That's her MO, yes, that's what she tries to do to people, control
them in their hurt and battered states.

Fig: Pretty sure she lost her magic, though.

Adaine: That's true.

Kristen: (laughs) That's what I heard.

Adaine: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that Cassandra smiles at you, Fig, and says,

Cassandra: Here in my forest, dreams are very real and you were very clever in
learning that.

Brennan: They look at Arianwen and say,

Cassandra: Let's make that permanent, shall we?

Brennan: Blasts Arianwen and removes her magic forever.

Siobhan: Oh, a fate worse than death.

Fig: May I, I mean, instead of, you know, things can neither be created nor
destroyed, what if that magic lept to the one who wears their crown.

Ally: Fig is just level 45.

Emily: Oh no, I was talking about Gilear. (laughs)

Brennan: You see that Cassandra looks and they smile and they say--

Fig: It's fine if I'm asking too much.

Brennan: You see they smile and so they say,

Cassandra: Come into my hands.

Brennan: And they put their hands at the edge of the ledge and they're like,

Cassandra: I shall take you back home.

Gorgug: Oh.

Adaine: All of us?

Gorgug: I had the thought--

Fabian: You're gonna throw us?

Cassandra: No, it won't kill you.

Fig: That's awesome. That's a great god.

Lou: Oh, amazing, I step in.

Zac: Can I whisper to Cassandra?

Brennan: Yes, you can.

Zac: I just run up to their ear.

Gorgug: Hey, long story, but on our way here I just remembered this and you
seem like a person who could possibly handle this. One of our friends asked
for a big bus that has I think hands or something. It's like a live bus.

Lou: It's a unicorn, right? Like a horse?

Cassandra: Are you speaking of a pentacorn, a unicorn with five horns and 20
legs?

Fig: No, I think we're talking about a bus with hands for wheels. Is that what
you're talking about, Gorgug?

Gorgug: I don't fully remember.

Adaine: Yes, it was a bus with hands for wheels.

Fabian: No, wasn't it the animal that Fig wanted from Aguefort?

Gorgug: Yeah.

Siobhan: The pentacorn?

Emily: Oh, okay, I see.

Siobhan: That is the pentacorn.

Gorgug: If I dream it, would it be real?

Cassandra: Yes, in your heart. All right, let's move on.

(group laughing)

Brennan: You see—

Fig: That was so sweet, Gorgug.

Gorgug: I just kinda wanted to see if it would be real.

Brennan: You see that Cassandra looks. You see the vands, the van with hands
scramble out of the woods.

Lou: Ew!

Brennan: You see that Cassandra picks all of you up in their hands and they
look at Arianwen and they say,

Cassandra: Arianwen, you came here of your own accord and you will leave as
such. Perhaps you can get the vands to take you.

Brennan: And you see that Arianwen screams as the van starts crawling after
her.

Lou: Jesus Christ!

(group laughing)

Adaine: Seems very character-building to me. Character-building exercise for
you to get out of this forest.

Emily: No more magic.

Brennan: You see Arianwen's running down the steps as the van goes after and
she goes,

Arianwen: [screaming] Daughters, you would not abandon me! There is love
between us still!

Brennan: And you see that Aelwyn looks over at you and just goes,

Aelwyn: Love without expectation, what's that?

Adaine: I have no idea.

Brennan: You see, you are carried as Cassandra moves taking like mile-long
steps moving through the sea of mist. And suddenly as if by magic flying over
the forest of the Nightmare King with you your hirelings are all weeping, like
Ragh is holding Gorgug and Fabian being like,

Ragh: I kept having like nightmares about my mom. It was so fucked up, like I
couldn't save her. I'm so sorry I attacked you guys.

Fabian: Hey, hey.

Gorgug: It's all right.

Fabian: It was crazy, man. I mean, people tried to shit in my mouth, yeah, so—

Adaine: I drowned.

Gorgug: A big bug gave me a riddle.

Fig: I met Hilda Hilda.

Adaine: Oh, that's definitely the worst one.

Riz: I saw Baron, I saw Baron again, it was awful.

Siobhan: Oh, you're right. Also none of us know about Hilda Hilda from the
first time round because you didn't tell us.

Emily: Hm, interesting.

Gorgug: Yeah, who's Hilda Hilda?

Fig: Uh, no one.

Gorgug: Okay.

Brennan: You see, Fig, Sandra Lynn is clutching you, weeping hysterically. She
is just going like,

Sandra Lynn: I was just there, I was seeing.

Fig: Mom, it absolutely, water under the bridge.

Brennan: She looks up, she just collapses and puts her head in your lap. And
Kristen, you see Tracker just like, collapses against your side. You can tell
that she is like, hurt, but like in this moment is just taking comfort in your
presence there next to her. And you guys are deposited at the edge of the
forest back at Arborly. Cassandra waves their hand. The briar wall vanishes,
(snaps fingers) sinks back into the earth and you watch all the wood elves and
Nuathera and the gnomes see the forest open up to them again. You guys have
restored an entire section of the map and changed the world for the better.
You are victorious in your fight. You defeated an amount of challenge ratings
that truly staggers the imagination.

Adaine: If we don't get an A grade for this project I'm calling the cops.

[music changes to a triumphant, epic orchestral piece with lots of horns]

Brennan: All of you arrive back in Arborly. People are like, ecstatic and so,
so happy. You see that Cassandra before they leave looks down and sees the
Hangvan and reaches into the pocket of their shorts and pulls out a small
mountain of silver, just dumps a bunch of silver on the ground in front of
you. Enough, Gorgug, for you to buy the Hangvan back.

Gorgug: Thank you, I'm broke.

Brennan: (laughs) You see—

Fig: It's fine, we might be making ad revenue at this point.

Adaine: Oh, that's true.

Fabian: Mm, partnership.

Brennan: All of you, you see that Cassandra in parting looks at you and says,

Cassandra: You faced many nightmares in this forest.

Brennan: Points to Riz and says,

Cassandra: Baron and the world of mirrors, Kristen's resurrection journey in
lands beyond, Gorgug and the Sphinx, Adaine and the cliff, the carnival, Fig,
yourself, the end of the sleeping village and Fabian—

Fabian: Let's skip over it. Let's skip over it, we don't need to dwell.

Riz: What happened with you, Fabian?

Kristen: What was your fear?

Adaine: Yeah, what's the scariest thing for you?

Brennan: You see Cassandra looks and says,

Cassandra: The only thing you faced I thought was that rat.

Fabian: No, there wasn’t, I didn't, nothing—

Riz: Just a single rat?

Fig: A single rat?

Fabian: Oh, great Cassandra!

Kristen: One rat?

Fig: One rat?

Fabian: No, it was the sexy rat? Do you remember the sexy—

Fig: Oh, this one?

Fabian: You remember that disgusting sexy rat?

Emily: I conjure the sexy rat, I conjure the sexy rat.

Fabian: Oh!

Fig: This one?

Brennan: You see Cassandra looks and says,

Cassandra: Well, the sexy rat was the only thing that I conjured so anything
else was not me.

Fabian: Stop, stop. Do not.

Siobhan: Oh no.

Zac: Can I make a Perception check to see if Chungledown Bim is chasing us?

Lou: Can I do an Insight check to see if this god is lying to me.

Brennan: Yeah, do an Insight check.

Lou: Does this god got jokes? It's like a 12.

Brennan: A 12, you're not sure. Cassandra looks at you and says,

Cassandra: The only part of your journey that was created by me was the rat so
if you encountered anything else that must have also been a fellow traveler in
the forest.

Fabian: No, because they were working together. At one point the sexy rat
called for Chungledown Bim and told him that I was hiding in a cave.

Cassandra: Chungledown Bim, I don't know what that is at all.

Fabian: Stop, Kristen, your new deity's got jokes, all right, and I like that,
I like that a lot but also stop, stop.

Emily: The sexy rat is on your shoulders.

Lou: I stab, I just full on try and stab it.

Brennan: You all, you try to stab the sexy rat. The ribbing continues, you get
the van back. Adaine, near here you find your jacket and your orb.

Siobhan: Oh, I throw the orb into the sea.

Brennan: Whoosh, the orb is fucking gone. You bring Boggy back. As you guys
leave Arborly on your journey back home, feel free to stop me at any point,
but as we transition into the epilogue of this story. Ayda asks if you all can
stop at Leviathan on your way back.

Emily: Yeah.

Brennan: You stop at Leviathan on your way back and you see that Ayda is going
there to shrink down the Compass Points. Waiting for you all in Leviathan,
however, you all find at the door of the Compass Points, you see Garthy
O'Brien and Arthur Aguefort.

Siobhan: Huh.

Brennan: As you guys arrive back you see that Ayda looks at Arthur, Arthur
looks at Ayda and Arthur steps up to her and says,

Aguefort: Oh, my daughter, Ayda. Many hundreds of years ago you told me never
to speak to you again and I did my best to honor that request. I have heard
that you have changed your mind and I thought in the manner of parents I would
present to you a gift.

Brennan: And he reaches in and pulls a key out and gives it to Ayda and she
looks up and says,

Ayda: Um, hello Father. Oh, this is my paramour Figueroth Faeth.

Brennan: And you see Arthur looks over at you Fig and says,

Aguefort: A paramour! (laughs)

Fig: 'Sup.

Aguefort: Oh, snogging the headmaster's daughter are we? Ha ha ha, ah, ribald!

Brennan: You see that—

Fig: Yeah, I'm gonna say, I don't need, remember I tried to order the most
magnificent thing you could ever make? Turns out you already made it so I'm
gonna take that order back.

Various awws from the cast.

Ally: Aww.

Murph: So smooth.

Emily: I pretend that I'm not really proud of that. I look out of the corner
of my eye to see if Ayda liked that.

Brennan: Ayda bursts into tears. And you see that Arthur says,

Aguefort: Yes, yes, sentiment! That's what's needed!

Brennan: And you see he closes the key in Ayda's hand and says,

Aguefort: Ayda, I won't lie, I'm not altogether a very present man, but I do
love you after my own fashion, and this key here is a key that should open the
door to your quarters here in the Compass Points, accessible from the third
floor landing closet door in Mordred Manor so there will be no need to move
the Compass Points. They are in fact joined. I hope you enjoy.

Ally: Aw.

Brennan: And by the way, that landing thing is like right across from your
room.

Emily: I whisper to Ayda,

Fig: Um, I'm actually under the piano. My room is under the piano if that
makes sense. It will once you go there.

Kristen: You should just move rooms, Fig, as someone dating someone. You're
gonna want more room than that. Let's get you a proper room.

Fig: Just play the F sharp and then it sort of flips under.

Gorgug: Just sort of a bowl?

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: Arthur looks at the rest of you. Garthy comes over as Arthur and
Ayda, Ayda takes Arthur over and Arthur starts having a little heart to heart
with her. Garthy comes over and goes,

Garthy: Well loveys, it looks like you've done it again, haven't you? World
savers, cheeky.

Brennan: They say,

Garthy: I threw a little party for you down at the Gold Gardens.

Brennan: You see that they look over and Fig, you see they make eye contact
with you and then pointedly look at all the rest of you and they say,

Garthy: I know that my darling girl is gonna be spending a lot more time in
Solace now, yeah. So please take care of her. I'll miss her something
terrible.

Fig: I actually think she's gonna keep being here, but...

Adaine: Yeah, back and forth.

Fig: Yeah.

Brennan: You see they say,

Garthy: That's real good, but.

Brennan: You see Garthy smiles and they look at you, Fig, and they say,

Garthy: It's just that... I took care of Ayda the best that I could, yeah, but
it was very hard for me and I'm very happy to know that she has someone that
really makes her happy.

Fig: Well, I'm happy to have you say that, honestly.

Brennan: You see they smile and they just say—

Fig: Whatever you did, you did great. I wouldn't have a single regret if I
were you.

Garthy: I tried to take care of her the best I could, but it was challenging
because, um.

Brennan: And you see tears stream gold down Garthy's face and they look up and
they say,

Garthy: My mom's name was Ayda Aguefort, too.

Ally: Aw.

Zac: Oh.

Emily: Oh.

Ally: Whoa.

Adaine: Oh my God, your girlfriend's daughter fucked your mom!

Fig: That's weird, is this weird? This is weird now, right?

Garthy: Ay, easy there young Miss Oracle!

Fig: This is weird now.

Garthy: Listen, I know it's weird, lovey. It's why once she was of age I had
to sort of, you know.

Gorgug: Your mom?

Brennan: You see that Ragh, Ragh makes eye contact with you, Gorgug, and
you're like,

Ragh: Their daughter's mom?

Gorgug: Ex-girlfriends, daughter, her mom.

Murph: Conspiracy born, conspiracy born.

Fig: This is a lot. This is a lot.

Gorgug: I understand.

[music changes to something lingering and mysterious]

Brennan: You look out and all of you, you see that Arthur comes over. The last
thing Arthur says is, says,

Aguefort: Oh, and the matter of the crown. Well, you have successfully
returned the crown of The Nightmare King. However, you are one week overdue.

Fabian: Oh, okay.

Aguefort: However, you know, a week overdue is simply a matter of [suddenly
loud] time, and time as we all know can be rearranged!

Emily laughs.

Brennan: You see that Arthur Aguefort looks at you all and says,

Aguefort: I will be taking the crown from you all now and I'm going to go back
in time and stop myself from doing all that stuff I did in Fallinel. But I'm
going to replace it with illusions of myself doing all of that, return the
crown in time for your spring break conclusion and that way the school's not
broke, the crown is back, and you all get an A, how does that sound?

Adaine: Sounds good to us.

Kristen: Yeah, definitely.

Adaine: Professor, principal, headmaster Aguefort, my sister is sort of wanted
for quite a lot of crimes in Solace, but I was wondering if she came to study
at Aguefort Academy if she could maybe just go to therapy and do some
community service and that would be okay?

Brennan: Arthur looks over at Aelwyn and says,

Aguefort: Well, very recently, as recently as last year I was helpful in
helping one William Seacaster secure a general amnesty and I see no reason why
this citizen of Fallinel could not be able to swear under that same amnesty,
too, Miss Abernant.

Kristen: Hey, maybe she'll be a Seacaster soon, too.

Ally: And then I look at Fabian way too obviously.

Emily: Oh!

Fabian: I mean, that was like a--

Gorgug: Do you think Fabian's mom's gonna get with?

Kristen: Yeah!

Adaine: Yeah, that's what's gonna happen.

Fabian: What, no, no, that's not, I mean maybe, who knows?

Adaine: Fabian’s mom and my sister.

Kristen: Gilear is gonna take Fabian's mom's last name.

Adaine: Now actually it could happen, so let's not even think about it.

Kristen: Then Gilear is gonna date her.

Fabian: It's too much, my brain cannot take this.

Brennan: Arthur smiles, takes the crown, does some crazy time shit to go back
in time and turn his entire Fallinel excursion into a series of, basically you
actually see him use his watch, open a time portal, jump outside of Calethriel
Tower and club himself in the back of the head to knock himself unconscious
and quickly spring up a bunch of illusions and he says,

Aguefort: Haha, chronomancy!

Brennan: The portal closes and all of y'all return back to Elmville. For all
of you, what do you all do as sort of our epilogue to Sophomore Year? What do
you all do as you return to Elmville?

Ally: Me and Tracker go straight up to the roof of the Manor. We set up the
most comfortable-looking hammock and we just hang out there. Only the two of
us, nobody else allowed for a very long time, [hugs themself] my sweet baby.

Brennan: She is so warm in your arms. You guys get back to Mordred Manor. The
first thing that happens when you get back to Mordred is you see a tearful
reunion. Jawbone and Sandra Lynn embrace.

Zac: Aw.

Brennan: Sandra Lynn smiles, Jawbone very openly to anyone who asks explains
what happened which was that the breakup they had mid-quest was not Jawbone's
idea, it was basically Sandra Lynn feeling self-conscious and insecure. And
you see that Jawbone welcomes you all back home. And Sandra Lynn and he,
basically you know, the first time he knocks a beer or two back and is like,

Jawbone: I mean, we're gonna have to talk about boundaries. We're gonna have
to talk about expectations. You know, I didn't want it closed to begin with.
And I mean, those horses are out of the barn at this point, but you know,
we're gonna figure it out and you kids never have to worry 'cause Mordred
Manor's a home for y'all no matter what.

Adaine: Our parents are great.

Kristen: Yeah.

Brennan: You see that as you guys go up. Hold on one second. Adaine, as you
are going up to your room you see that you get up there.

[music changes to gentle piano]

Brennan: There are gifts strewn all over your oracle room. Some of them are
like baby gifts like little stuffed animals and stuff. You see that there's 16
of them. And they’re for all of the birthdays that you would have had if you
had grown up here. Jawbone in his cardigan kind of sheepishly walks up. You
see he says,

Jawbone: Uh, hey there Adaine. I, I um, I got us, hey it's a manila envelope
here and um.

Brennan: He puts it down on the corner of your desk and just says,

Jawbone: Uh, oh, I see you saw those. Those are for you, kind of a
housewarming or late, late, late, late birthday gifts. I got these papers,
they're, you know, you're finishing up your sophomore year so this might be
crazy and you know, it's a lot of paperwork and I understand, but if you
wanted to be...

Siobhan: I give him a big hug.

Brennan: He gives you a big hug and just starts crying and he looks up and
says,

Jawbone: Sandra Lynn told me how hard everything was and...

Adaine: I killed my dad. At the time it felt good, but maybe we can talk about
it. I should probably also have a therapist that—

Jawbone: Yes.

Adaine: Separate from you.

Jawbone: Yes, you should have a separate therapist, absolutely.

Adaine: But also let's please talk.

Jawbone: Let's talk about it and, we're gonna, and I… I, uh...

Adaine: Thank you.

Jawbone: My whole life turned around 'cause of you kids, and you took a chance
on me and you're living under this roof, you have a family, and you have a dad
even if he's a mangy, dusty old one. And if you wanna sign some papers about
it you can. And you don't have to if you don't. And kid, I don't know how else
to say this other than, you're easy to love, and anyone who couldn't figure it
out was a real bozo.

Brennan: And he tussles your hair and he takes a step and says,

Jawbone: Oh, and I'm gonna get some lumber from the hardware store and we're
gonna get you some bunk beds in here!

Brennan: Aelwyn is like, so clearly uncomfortable with how moved she is and
happy in this new home. Mordred Manor is now Jawbone, Sandra Lynn, Fig,
Adaine, Kristen, Tracker… Ragh moves in with his mom Lydia who you all meet
who's a badass.

Siobhan: Oh my God, thank God there's so many secret doors in this manor
house.

Ally: Incredible.

Brennan: Mordred Manor is packed. Lydia is awesome, she's a wheelchair user
and she comes in and you see that she has the gem stuck in her chest and she's
like,

Lydia: [sounds similar to Ragh] Lydia Barkrock, great to meet everyone. Solid
gang, good crew. What are we doing for dinner? Anyone feel like some chili?
How do we feel about chili?

Brennan: And Ragh's like,

Ragh: My mom rules!

Brennan: And you see that yeah, Zayn, Aelwyn is there now.

Ally: My gosh.

Brennan: Fig, Lola Embers is on you immediately like,

Lola: We need to be planning the Archdevil Tour. We need to be printing
posters.

Fig: I've actually got a new concept album.

Brennan: She says,

Lola: Oh my God, I'm listening, what is it? Hello, I'm here.

Fig: It's all about a phoenix who everyone she touches is reborn better.

Brennan: You see that Ayda--

Fig: It's just something I've been trying to say for a while and there just
hasn't been a right moment so I just wrote a bunch of songs about it.

Brennan: You see that Ayda across the room looks up at you and you see that
she Prestidigitations a bunch of little flaming hearts that float away in the
room and blushes and touches her cheek. And you see Lola says,

Lola: Okay. There's some context I'm missing, but that's okay. We're gonna
talk about it, I love it.

Brennan: You see that you have never written more songs in your life. Like,
the songs are just flooding out of you. For everyone else, are there any other
conversations people wanna have? Are there things they do when they get back
to town or questions that are left unaddressed?

Zac: I think Gorgug probably lets his parents know that he's coming by later
and picks Zelda up and they go to Basrar's.

Brennan: You and Zelda are at Basrar's. Zelda is so happy to see you, gives
you a big kiss as soon as she sees you. You see that she smiles and says,

Zelda: It's really cute that you brought me here 'cause this is where we went
on our first date, and I love you.

Gorgug: Oh, well, you know. I love you, too. (chuckles) I just thought it
would be kinda fun 'cause we haven't been here in a while. And you know, I
love— I love ice cream.

Zelda: I do, too.

Gorgug: It's so good.

Zelda: I super do, too.

Brennan: You guys talk the night away. It comes up organically on its own
without you having to pry or push at all, but Zelda finds out about that text
from Skrank that you got which was actually real and she is like,

Zelda: Oh, Skrank is such a weird, creep.

Zac: Wait, what, wait, I forget, that was real?

Brennan: It was not an illusion on your phone. It was a real text from Skrank
where he was like, I hope everything's okay between us.

Gorgug: Wait, what happened? (laughs)

Brennan: You see that Zelda's like,

Zelda: We literally talked at a party and he told people that we went on a
date. We literally talked at that party that night. Skrank sucks, Skrank is
bad.

Gorgug: Damn. I'm gonna have to kick Skrank's ass. Right, whatever, I don't
care.

Brennan: You see she's like,

Zelda: It could be kinda hot if you kicked his ass, like if you really freaked
out.

Gorgug: Yeah, like got like super mad and threw that bird across the room.

Zelda: Yeah, that would be super hot. That axe is pretty cool that you have.

Gorgug: This one?

Zelda: [very quickly] Wow, you could just lift that all the way up. Let's go,
could we, my folks are at a, like a battle ceremony and my house is empty
right now. Do you wanna come over to my house?

Gorgug: Sure.

Zelda: Let's get outta here.

Zac: Peel away in the Hangvan.

Brennan: (laughs) You peel away in The Hangvan. Some great fucking uke tunes
come on. Zaphriel's back in the gem.

Zaphriel: [double peace signs] Hey, it's a chill time in the van.

Brennan: Your folks are also so happy and proud that you're back in town. And
you head off with Zelda. Riz, you are back at Strongtower and you see your
mom, Sklonda is there.

Murph: Yeah, I rush up to my mom and I give her a big hug and I say,

Riz: Mom, I have so much cool stuff to show you.

Murph: And I'd like to think that I used the tie to get kind of a shot of my
dad as we're leaving the heavenly thing, and I wanna kinda give her like
basically a slide show, like a real dorky slide show of all of the things we
did in the Nightmare Forest and all the stuff with my dad.

Brennan: She is so happy, you see tears welling in her eyes. She says she
can't believe it. She looks and says,

Sklonda: He's really out there somewhere.

Riz: Yeah, he's still doing his job. He's still a secret agent, and I think
someday we're just gonna be super cool badass goblin crime solving angels.

Brennan: She smiles so wide, she kisses you on the forehead and she says,

Sklonda: Sweetie, I'm so proud. You're so much like your father. [forehead
smooch]

Brennan: And you see that life is good in Elmville. You see that back at
Seacaster Manor, Hallariel greets you, kisses you on both cheeks Fabian, and
Cathilda gives you a big hug. And Hallariel looks over and says as Gilear
heads to the garage you see she calls after Gilear and says,

Hallariel: Oh darling, why don't you, I think it'd be a little more convenient
if you grabbed your things and moved up to the master bedroom.

Fabian: Yeah, Gilear, it's about time you lived in the house.

Brennan: Gilear looks up, (sniffles) sniffs, tries to hold back the emotion
and says,

Gilear: I feel confident in saying that I am worthy enough that it is okay for
me to live inside of a house.

Fabian: Yeah. Yes, Gilear.

Gilear: I deserve that. I will get my panini press and my miniature
refrigerator.

Brennan: And you see that he walks into the garage and gets his stuff. You
see, wrapping up the last couple things. Ayda and Jawbone hit it off right
away, and you see there's one day that Ayda's just like weeping tears of joy,
and she's got a whole stack of books that Jawbone has given for her about
autism and about the autism spectrum. And you see that she goes like,

Ayda: This is normal, this is normal, this is normal. (sighs)

Brennan: And you see Jawbone shrugs and pats her, rubs her head and goes,

Jawbone: Yeah, yeah, you know, normal's good, and I know that you ask a lot if
a thing is normal or not and I guess in that sense—

Adaine: I can help with that!

Jawbone: Hey, there you go!

Brennan: You see Ayda looks over and says,

Ayda: Yes, that would be wonderful. I would love some help with this.

Adaine: I wrote you a spell and I want you to know that I wrote it, I think
that you're really cool and it's not about you being not good enough or not
cool enough, but in return for the spell that I killed my father with I wrote
you Ayda's Comprehend Subtext.

Siobhan holds a hand-written spell card up to her camera.

Group laughs.

Brennan: She takes this like it is a priceless treasure and she says,

Ayda: This is an exquisite work of spellcraft. I will never find myself
befuddled again as long as I have—

Fig: Ayda, sometimes I like describing the subtext to you, though.

Brennan: You see that Ayda nods and says,

Ayda: Well, I, this will of course consume some spell slots so it must be used
judiciously and under dire circumstances so I will rely on you for the day-to-
day, my paramour, but in moments of crises where subtext must be gleaned at
any cost, thank you Oracle.

Adaine: You're welcome, and obviously I didn't do it to get in between you two
'cause I think you're great.

Fig: Oh, that's fine, I was actually just trying to kinda flirt when I said
that.

Adaine: Oh, I'm so bad at reading that, I'm so sorry. I just keep misreading
it.

Fig: It's fine. Honestly, I'm really bad at doing it. I'm kinda just following
Kristen's lead.

Adaine: No, oh.

Fig: Kristen's just really aggressive so that's what I'm trying to do, you
know?

Adaine: Yeah, no, yeah.

Brennan: You see—

Adaine: Kristen's really good at flirting.

Kristen: You miss 100% of the shot you don't take.

Fig: Kristen’s really good, Kristen's really good at flirting so I'm like,
cool. That's how you do it successfully.

Brennan: For everything else, Kristen, you have new, (soft piano music) you
see as soon as you start talking to people about your new divinity, about
Cassandra, people are intrigued right away. Craig is there right away. Craig
is so down, Craig was there for Yes! Craig is back for Cassandra.

Ally: Oh yeah.

Brennan: At the end of sophomore year you guys all get to watch Ragh walk
across the stage and graduate thanks to getting an A on your adventure.

Ally: Yes!

Adaine: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl, hoot, growl!

Brennan: Oh, you see Ragh is there. He's got the Owlbear wrap-around and the
rainbow LGBT Union wrap-around and he's just going,

Ragh: Hoot, growl, hoot, growl! This one's for Aguefort, baby! Bad Kids for
life, motherfuckers! You heard it here first!

Brennan: And he smashes the podium apart.

Adaine: Dude rules!

Ragh: (cheers) Yeah, getting feisty!

Brennan: You see that, you know, Ragh runs across the stage. Aelwyn is there
in Mordred as well, very happy to be in the room with Adaine, but also feeling
a little bit left out, and she's also past the age now of being a senior and
is trying to figure things out. You know, she's 18.

Siobhan: Mm-hmm.

Brennan: She one night in Mordred Manor just looks across the table at you,
Fabian, and goes.

Aelwyn: Did I, I'm so sorry, did we make out at that party at Ostentatia
Wallace's?

Fabian: Oh, (laughs) yeah, we did, and we were going to, you said something
about keelhauling me but then we ended up fighting.

Aelwyn: I did some snuff powder off your chest and there the cantrip for some-

Fabian: Yes, yeah.

Aelwyn: I think I tried to stab your friend The Ball.

Fabian: Yeah, we were playing stabby knife fingers or something. It was a
great, it was incredible, you were incredible. It was incredible, all things
were great. (chuckles for way too long)

Group laughs.

Fabian: I had like a big crush on you like, sorry. What did I say, did I?

Brennan: You see she looks and says,

Aelwyn: I won't lie. I'm very deeply traumatized and I've learned that deep
down I'm a good person, but I'm trying to work on a lot of those walls and
things to kind of get rid of that and I feel like you're kind of, and I don't
mean this in an offensive way, but you're kind of fucked up in a lot of ways,
too and keep a lot of walls up.

Fabian: I killed my dad. Like I don't know, yeah, of course, yeah, of course
I'm fucked up. (laughs)

Aelwyn: So I feel like we could be really toxic in each other's lives in a
very exciting sexual way if that's something you're interested in.

Fabian: I mean—

Adaine: Not in our bedroom though!

Fabian: Oh, we’ll, yes.

Fig: You can borrow the piano room!

Fabian: Yeah, no, no, I have my own beautiful, expensive bedroom in my mansion
so I would love that.

Brennan: You see that she smiles and says,

Aelwyn: Interesting. Well, be nice to me, you know.

Lou: I immediately message The Hangman and I'm like,

Fabian: Somebody's getting their kisses tonight, Hangman.

Hangman: Master, you've done it, ah yes!

Fabian: I'm gonna get my kisses, I'm going to get my kisses.

Brennan: Incredible. You see that, the last one or two things. Weeks pass, you
guys have like weeks of, life is back in Elmville again, you're happy. The
first time you all go to Basrar's as the Bad Kids after getting back is
incredible and extraordinary. Fig, Ayda is, you're so happy. You've never been
more creative and she is—

Emily: Everything I'm too shy to say in person 'cause like all I really know
how to do is just aggressively flirt with her because that feels so like
performing so I'm still getting used to being sincere so I just put it all
into song so that's how I can tell her how I feel.

Brennan: Ayda loves nothing more than for you to sing to her. And she just one
night at the end of that year just goes,

Ayda: It's a wizard's role to fly past the edges of reality and yet the joy I
feel when I'm with you staggers even the imagination of one who can call the
wind and seas to their aid.

Fig: I would say that the joy that you get from me is a joy that you brought
out in me so you saw something in me and you brought it out. So whatever I'm
doing for you, you did for yourself. Do you think I would write these songs
without having met you?

Brennan: You see she goes,

Ayda: An exquisite feedback loop of positive reinforcement. What a powerful
structure, I love you.

Fig: I love you.

Brennan: Love blooms in Elmville. And Kristen, Tracker loves you so much. And
there are weeks of, there are weeks of trying to, you can see that her
relationship with her God has changed. What does Kristen do facing that?

Ally: I think I ask her about it,

Kristen: What's going on?

Brennan: She says,

Tracker: I think I love you so much, Kristen. There's something wrong with my
God, my Goddess, my church, the visions I saw there, you said that you saw
Galicaea. What did you think when you saw her?

Kristen: I mean, yeah, honestly I think she had some kind of self-hating
werewolf side of her. The impression that I got was maybe she's influenced by
her followers who are a little bit more evil or, I don't know, people like the
Abernants, like the bad Abernants.

Brennan: Give me an Insight check one last time.

Ally: 13.

Brennan: She has a mysterious look on her face, she nods. She knows your
vision of the fact that gods are shaped by their followers. Your God,
Cassandra by the way, every day it's like,

Cassandra: Hi, um, I know, I have a new miracle I thought we could try and.

Kristen: I love it.

Brennan: You've got all their attention.

Brennan sneezes.

Lou: Bless you.

Brennan: Thank you.

Ally: Bless you.

Brennan: That summer Tracker breaks the news to you that she is gonna go and
leave Elmville.

Kristen: Whoa, where are you going?

Tracker: Fallinel.

Kristen: Oh, whoa.

Tracker: I think I need to, I think I need to figure out what happened to this
church, to my Goddess. I think I need to fix this. And you're so happy with
your new deity and I, there's so much mess that I have to clean up I feel
like, that there needs to be a revolution, a rebellion, a reimagining. I feel
like there's something there that I have to fix, does that make sense?

Kristen: Yeah, so like a week or like, like, like are we talking like a month
or?

Brennan: She smiles and says,

Tracker: Maybe like a month or two.

Kristen: Okay, whoa. Yeah, that's a lot but I think, yeah, I get it. I get why
you need to do that, yeah.

Brennan: She smiles, kisses you, and you see a look of resolve and
determination on her face like there's something that she has to do. She has
to make this right. And you see that summer she loads up a car along with Ragh
and they head off on an adventure. Ragh's gonna go as her bodyguard to help
her on this quest and wish goodbye to everybody and spread a lot of love. And
you see that she looks and blows you a kiss, Kristen and then she's off on her
way.

Ally: I think I, I want to have, like made her like a little something like a
little flag or something for her religion.

Brennan: Perfect.

Ally: And then, yeah.

Brennan: You make a little flag. Is there like a symbol on it or something?
Like, what do you think Kristen would put on it?

Ally: Yeah, her like, Moon Haven flag with a lot of stars on it.

Brennan: She smiles and says,

Tracker: This is beautiful. I'm gonna go shake some shit up.

Kristen: Cool.

Tracker: I love you, Kristen Applebees.

Kristen: I love you, too. If it takes longer than a couple months like
obviously I get it. I'll just miss you a lot.

Tracker: I'll miss you too, sweetheart.

Brennan: And they take off. A lot of growth and challenge and bittersweet
feelings. And yeah, I think if that's everything I'll just do the last thing
unless anyone wants to interject with something real quick, but there's just
one last thing I have to do. You guys are all off at, you guys are all back at
Strongtower hanging out at Riz's place. The whole gang's there and there's
actually a new pool near there and it's summer, it's a hot day so you're all
there.

Siobhan: Nice.

Brennan: Riz, your mom looks over and sees your tattoos for the first time.

Murph: (laughs) I'm wearing like one of those surfer things but it's like
still poking out a little bit.

Zac: I love this part.

Brennan: You see that your mom goes and says,

Sklonda: What is that? Riz Gukgak, what is this?

Riz: They're clues, Mom, they're clues!

Sklonda: Oh my God, I am gonna flip out, I am gonna flip out. What does that
even say? What the hell does that say on your chest?

Riz: It says Nightmare King crown. Then it says Garthy O'Brien, Night Yorb.

Brennan: As soon as you say Night Yorb.

Zac: No, no.

Group laughs.

[exciting, adventurous music]

Brennan: You fly up into the air, your tattoos glow, and you see that a
massive column of darkness shoots into the sky. As it does so, you see that a
swirling vortex, like a manta ray of shadow that blots out the sun comes back
and you see it goes, (growls)

Night Yorb: [growling] You have spoken the name of the Night Yorb! An age of
darkness forevermore!

Brennan: The lights fade from the sky. It is nighttime all over, all
everywhere, and you see wearing little scuba flippers and a snorkel and a
little wraparound floaty inner tube, Arthur Aguefort looks over at all of you
and says,

Aguefort: Um, very well, have you Bad Kids put any thought into what your
junior year project might be?

Brennan: That's all for sophomore year of Fantasy High.

Lou: Wow.

Siobhan: Wow.

Ally: Wow.

Zac: Riz, no!

Lou: No Riz.

Brennan: Speak not of the Night Yorb, gang.

Lou: Too late.

* * *

Captions extracted: matthew

Edited by: gluegunshots, Hana, rowan solsys <3

